THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 58.

V°I- 58.

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From August the 31ft, 1802,

In the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

11 KiKG GEORGE the Third,

To November the 3rd, 1803,

In the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

289203

v

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION,

For diffblving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE II.

WHEREAS We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolvc this present Parliament, which now (lands prorogued to Tuesday the Seventeenth day of next: We do,

for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on Tuesday the said Seventeenth day of August next. And We being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all Our loving Subjects Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament: And do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice

of Our Privy Council, We have given Order that Our Chancellor of that Part of Our United Kingdom called Great Britain, and Our Chancellor of , do respectively, upon Notice thereof, forthwith issue out Writs, in due Form, and according to Law, for calling a new Parliament. And We do hereby also, by this Our Royal Proclamation under Our Great Seal of Our United Kingdom, require Writs forthwith to be issued accordingly by Our laid Chancellors respectively, for causing the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in Our said Parliament, to be duly returned to, and give their Attendance in. Our said Parliament; which Writs are to be returnable on Tuesday the Thirty-first day of August next.

Given at Our Court at , the Twenty-ninth

Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two, in the Forty-second Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

T\

C 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Self 1802—3.

Mart is, 31° die

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

TH E King’s Most Excellent Majesty having, by His Royal Proclamation (hereunto annexed) dated the 29th day of June 1802, dissolved the last Parliament, and by His Writ of Summons, issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearingTefte at on Wednesday

the 30th day of the lame Month, and also by His Writ of Summons under the Great Seal of ,bearing

Teste at Dublin on Friday the 2d day of July following, and returnable on this Day, called a new Parliament, several Members appeared: And His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the 16th day of this Instant August, to declare that the said Parliament should be this day prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the door of the House of Peers; and, after a short stay there, the Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being there, the Lord Chancellor {landing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliament.

Which Writ lying on the Table, his Lordship di-tetted the Clerk to read: And the fame was read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 5th day of October next ensuing; as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGEthe Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith. To Our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and , and to

Our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires, and Burghs of Our said United Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of minster, on the Thirty-first day of this Instant Month of August, and to every of you. Greeting. Whereas

We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Church; did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid; and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude about those Things which in Our said Parliament then and there should be proposed and treated of: Nevertheless for certain causes and Considerations, Us, at this time especially moving. We have thought fit that Our said Parliament be prorogued unto 'Tuesday the Fifth day of October next ensuing; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Thirty-first day of Auglijl, at the aforesaid City: We also will that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Fifth day of October, at Our said City of Westminster, to treat, do, att, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, by the Common Council of Our laid United Kingdom (by God’s Allift-ance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Sixteenth day of , in the

Forty-second Year of Our Reign;

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand;

Bathurst and Bathvrst.

VOL, 58,

11, r;

[ 4 ]

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGER.

WHerea? Our Parliament, which We summoned to meet at Wesiininster, upon Tuesday the Tlnrty-

first day of Arguji last, (lands prorogued to Tuesday the Fifth day of October next: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do, for divers weighty Realons, hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued on the said Fifth day of October next to Tuesday the Sixteenth day of next: And We have given Order to Our Chancellor of that Part of Our United Kingdom called Great Britain, to prepare a Writ Patent under Our Great Seal for proroguing the lame accordingly. And We do further

hereby, with the Advice aforesaid, declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Sixteenth day of November next, be held and ft for the Dispatch of divers urgent and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Won the said Sixteenth day of November next.

Given at Our Court at W the Eighteenth day

of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two,

in the Forty-second Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

FHhncit

42 Geo. III. 5° Octobris 3

; i;

'J , - ! 'I

Mortis, 5° die Octobris;

Anno 420 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1802.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the 18th day of September last, to declare, That the Parliament should be this day again prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Ray there, the Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk Mlistant, went up to the Par of the House: And they being there, the Lord Chancellor (landing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ blued under the Great Seal for further proroguing the Parliament unto the sixteenth clay of November next ensuing; which Writ is as folio we th; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandKing, Defender of the Faith. To Our welbbcloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to Our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and 13 urge lies, and Commissioners for Shires and burghs of Our laid United Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of WestminJJcr, on the fifth day of October next, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our said U nited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of H'eJlminster, the thirty-firtt day of Augitft last part, and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day atordaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those

Things, which, in Our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas We have (by Our Writ) for certain causes and Confederations Us thereunto especially moving, thought fit to prorogue Our said Parliament from the said thirty-firfk Day of At'°i(/?y to and until the fifth day of October following, lo that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said thirty-first day of Aitgvjly at the aforesaid City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; and by the fame Writ, We very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said fifth day of October, at Our said City, to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, should1 happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain pressing causes and Considerations, Us especially thereunto moving, Our said Parliament, from the said fifth day of October to and until the sixteenth day of November following, We have thought fit further to prorogue, so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said fifth day of Octobery at the aforesaid City: We also will, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern. That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said sixteenth day of November, at Our said City of Westminster^ to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of Our said United Kingdom (by God’s Assistance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the eighteenth day of September, in the Forty-second Year

By the KING Himself,

Signed with His own Hand,

Bathurst and Bathurst*

V)l. ;8.

c

lord

Steward’#

)eputation.

6 , 16° Novembris- . 1802*

/GEORGEEarl of Dartmouth, Lord Steward of His Majesty*s Household, and one of His Majesty’s mod; honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Prelents shall come, Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir William Grant, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls; the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Charles Abbot, the Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State; the Right honourable William Pitt; the Right honourable Henry Dnndas; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Stopford, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Cafilereaghthe Right honourable Lord the Right

honourable Richard Fitzpatrick; the Right honourable John Foster; the Right honourable John; the Right

honourable John Charles Villiers; the Right honourable Dudley Ryder-, the Right honourable Thomas Steele-, the Right honourable William Windham; the Right honourable Sir William Scott, Knight; the Right honourable Thomas Grenville; the Right honourable Ij'aac Cony; the Right honourable the Right honourable William

Dnndas-, the Right honourable Charles Torke-, the Right honourable Thomas Wallace-, the Right honourable Charles Bragge; the Right honourable William Wickham; the Right honourable George Rose-, the Right honourable Charles Long-, the Right honourable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet; the Right honourable John Smyth; the Right honourable William Handcock; the Right honourable William; the Right honourable Denis

Browne; the Right honourable James Fitzgerald; the Right honourable John Stewart; the Right honourable Maurice Fitzgerald; the Honourable Charles Janies Fox; the Honourable Spencer Perceval, His Majesty’s Attorney General; Sir Thomas Manners Sutton, Knight, His Majesty’s Solicitor General •, Philip Metcalfe, Thomas Theophi.-ns Metcalfe, Robert Hurst, Esquires; Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; John William Ward, Manafeh Lopes, Joseph Scott, Philip Langmead, Esquires; Sir Thomas Featherstone, Baronet; General John Lei and; General Albemarle Bertie; Joshua Smith, Esquire; Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet; William Garthfhore, W Inquires; Sir Edward Pellcw,

Sir Thomas Troubridge, Baronets; the Honourable Richard Ryder, Daniel Giles, Robert , John Fonblancue, Richard Archda/I, John Markham, John Penn, Benjamin Hobhouse, John Henry Loft, Nicholas Vansittart, John B/c-ckburne, Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquires; Sir John Honywood, Sir William Dolben, Baronets; Hugh Leyufer% Esquire; Lord Keufington; Francis William Grant, John Palmer, Sir AI at t hew Bloxam, Knight; Robert Bait, Esquire; the Honourable William Cornwallis;the Honourable Henry Lascelles; the Honourable Laurence Dnndas; Sir William Sidney Smith, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet; Charles Smith, John Benn Wa/Jh, Thomas Jervis, Henry Holland, John Robert Dallas, Esquires; Sir James Graham, Baronet; the Marquisot Nathaniel Bond, Praed

Etquires; Lieutenant General Banajire Tarleton; William Sturges, Esquires; Sir Baronet; Timothy Shelley, Esquire; Sir William Geary, Baronet; John Spencer Smith, John Pytches, Inquires; Sir Michael Le Fleming, Baronet; the Honourable Cropley Ashley; Lord Viscount Lofty.s; Richard Nevi/l, Esquire; Sir John Frederick, Baronet,; Matthew White, William Frank!and, Francis Annesley, John Jeffery, Robert Steele, William Devaynes, Charles Cockerell, George Porter, Charles Mills, Edward , Esquires; Sir Hugh Ing/is, Baronet;

Charles Shaw Lefevre, David Scott, Thomas EJlcourt, James Langham, James Henry Leigh, Esquires; Sir Richard Gamon, Baronet; James Hamlyn Williams, John Hiley Addington, Edward Golding, Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquires; Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, Joseph Jekyll, John Fane, Richard Penn, Evan Bai/lie, Thomas Smith, James Duller, of East Looe, and John Robinson, of Harwich, Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the first year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing " and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," ‘according to the directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and' every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be eiefted or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the sixteenth day of November Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be eiefted or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and alto to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the seventh year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to lerve in the House of Commons " for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of " Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the " House of Commons;" according to the Directions of another Statute made in the sixteenth year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not' be present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myl'elf had personally been present and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal, this sixteenth day of November, in the Forty-third year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith , Annoque Domini 1802.

Dartmouth, (l. s.)

43 Geo. III.

16° Novembris.

7

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonafte-rienfem, die Martis> 16° die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Brittanniarum Regis, Fidei Defenforis, 43’; Annoque Domini 1802.

Jtarccnt

K5-

Hu

:ia-T?nt

by

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting the thirty-first day of in the Forty-second Year of

of this Padiament, for the Dispatch of Business, Our Reign, which Our Parliament from thenceforth was pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and prorogued, by Our several Writs, to and until the

also to the Writs which had issued for that , the sixteenth day of November next, and then to be holden Right honourable George Earl of Dartmouth, Lord Steward and fit at Our City of .* And forasmuch as for

of His Majesty’s Household, came, between Eleven and certain causes We cannot conveniently be present in Our Twelve of the Clock, into one of the Rooms belonging to Royal Person, in Our said Parliament, upon the said fix-the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths teenth day of November next, Know ye, that We, trust-appointed to be taken by the Members returned to l'erve ing in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Care of Our most in Parliament are usually administered; and John Ley, dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the House of Commons, George Prince of; Our most dear Sons and faithful

and JeremiahDyfon, and John Henry Ley, Kfiquires, Clerks Councillors Frederick Duke of York, William Duke of Assistant, and the other CkrL.% attending according to Clarence, E(heard Duke of Kent, Erttejl Duke of -

their Duty; and Thomas Rafi/leEh, Esquire, Deputy to the lan Duke of Adolphus Duke of;

Right honourable Earl Bathnrjr, and the Honourable Apfiey Our most dear Brother and faithful Councillor Batkurjl, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery in Great Britain, Duke of ;the most Reverend Father in God,

having delivered to the said Mr. Ley a Book, containing a Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor John Arch-Lift of the Names of such Members as had been returned bishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all

England-, Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor John Lord Chancellor of that Part of Our United ‘

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain-,

Our right trusty and right entirely beloved Cousin and Councillor William Henry Duke of Portland, President of Our Council; Our right trusty and right well-beloved rest of the Members returned; some of which Commis- Cousin and Councillor John Ear! Keeper of

lionets administered the lame accordingly to such other , Our Privy Seal; Our right trusty and right entirely be-Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members loved Cousin and Councillor John Duke of

...... Groom of Our Stole; Our right trusty and entirely beloved Cousin and Councillor James Marquis of Chamberlain of Our Household; Our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousins and Councillors George Earl of Dartmouth, Steward of Our Household, Phillip Earl of

Chesterfi Master of Our Horse, George John Earl Spencer, John Jeffries Earl Camden, Charles Earl of Liverpool, John Earl Saint Vincent, first Commissioner Out Admiralty, Alexander Earl Rofslyn-, Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors Robert Lord Hobart, one of Our principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Pelham, one other of Our principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord

Waljingha William Lord Auckland, Richard Pepper Lord Alvan/ey, Chief Justice of Our Court of Cdmmon Pleas,-and Edward Lord Our Chief Justice assigned

to hold Pleas before Us; by the Advice of Our Council, do give and grant, by the Tenor of these Presents, unto the said Prince of Wales, Duke of York, Duke of Clarence,

Duke of Kent, Duke of Cumberland, Duke of Sussex, Duke of Cambridge, Duke of Gloucester, Archbishop of Canterbury,

Lord Eldon, Duke of Portland, Earl of Westmorland, Duke of Roxburgh, Marquis of Earl of Dartmouth, Earl

of Chesterfield, Earl Spencer, Earl Camden, Earl of Liverpool,

Earl of Saint Vincent, Earl of Rofslyn, Lord Hobart, Lord Pelham, Lord Walsingham, Lord Auckland, Lord Alvanley,

Then the said Letters Patent were read; and are as Lord Eland any Three of them, full Power, in followeth; viz.' Our Name, to hold Our laid Parliament; and to open r fn n n and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the

RGE R. causes of holding the and to proceed upon the said

(GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the Affairs in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising I

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, therein; and to do every Thing which for Us, and by Us, '

Defender of the Faith. To all to w'hom these Presents for the good Government of Our said United Kingdom

stall come, Greeting. Whereas, We have lately, for divers of Great Britain and Ireland, and of other Our Dominions < difficult and pressing Affairs concerning Us, the State and belonging to Ouf said United Kingdom, shall be therein defence of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and to be done: And also (if necessary) to continue, adjourn, f

waud, and the Church, ordained this Our present Parlia- and prorogue Our laid Parliament; commanding also, by toent to begin and to be holden at Our City of Westminster, the Tenor of these Presents, with the Consent of Our laid •ol. 38. Council,

to lerve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) empowering several of the Members who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the

repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons •-'ttLont ^er vvh'ch> a Message was brought by Sir Francis Mohneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers; where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form, between the Throne and the Wool-sacks, said,

H1

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the Hou/e of Commons,

IS Majesty not thinking fit to be present here this Day in His Royal Person, has been plealed, in order |° the opening and holding of this Parliament, to cause Letters Patent to be passed under His Great Seal, connoting us, and several other Lords therein-named, His Commissioners, to do all Things in His Majesty’s Name, on His Part, necessary to be performed in this Parliament; this will more fully appear by the Letters Patent them-lelves, which mull now be read.

6

16° Novembris. A. 1802,

*E

steward'* ^>EO RG E Earl of Dartmouth, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, and one of His Majesty’s mod

deputation. honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, anti appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir William Grant, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls; the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Charles Abbot, the Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State; the Right honourable William Pitt; the Right honourable Henry Dundas; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Stopford, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Caj; the Right honourable Lord; the Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick; the Right honourable John Foster; the Right honourable John Hereford; the Right honourable John Charles Villiers-,the Right honourable Dudley Ryder-, the Right honourable Thomas Steele-, the Right honourable William Windham; the Right honourable Sir William Scott, Knight; the Right honourable Thomas Grenville; the Right honourable Isaac-Corry \ the Right honourable George Canning-, the Right honourable William Dundas-, the Right honourable Charles Torkethe Right honourable Thomas Wallace-, the Right honourable Charles Bragge \ the Right honourable William Wickham; the Right honourable George Rose-, the Right honourable Charles Long; the Right honourable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet; the Right honourable John Smyth-, the Right honourable William Handcock; the Right honourable William Brabazon Ponsonby the Right honourable Denis Browne-, the Right honourable James Fitzgerald; the Right honourable John; the Right honourable Maurice Fitzgerald the Honourable Charles James Fo; the Honourable Spencer Perceval, His Majesty’s Attorney General; Sir Thomas Manners Sutton, Knight, His Majesty’s Solicitor General; Philip Metcalfe, Thomas Thecphi.us Metcalfe, Robert Hurst, Esquires; Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; John William Ward, JSTauafeh Lopes, Jf.ph Scott, Philip Langmead, Esquires; Sir Thomas Featherstone, Baronet; General John Let and; General Albemarle Bertie-, Joshua Smith, Esquire; Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet; William Garthfhore. William Baldwin, Esquires; Sir Edward Sir Thomas Troubridge, Baronets; the Honourable Richard Ryder, Daniel Giles, Robert , John Fonblcanque, Richard Archdall, John Markham, John Penn, Benjamin HobhouJ'e, John Henry Loft, Nicholas John Blrchburne,

Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquires; Sir John Honyzvood, Sir William Dolben, Baronets; Hugh Leyrfe>\ Esquire; Lord Kensington; Francis William Grant, John Palmer, Sir Matthew B/oxam, Knight; Robert Bait, Esquire; the Honourable William Cornwallis-,the Honourable Henry Lascelles-, the Honourable Laurence Dundas; Sir William

Sidney Smith, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet; Charles Smith, John Benn Wafjh, Thomas Jervis, Henry Holland, John Fuller, Robert Dallas, Esquires; Sir James Graham, Baronet; the Marquis ot; Nathaniel Bond, // il.’iam Praed,

Esquires; Lieutenant General Banajlre Tarleton; William Sturges, Snoivdon Barne, Esquires; Sir Littleton,

Baronet; Timothy Shelley, Esquire; Sir William Geary, Baronet; John Spencer Smith, John Pytches, Esquires; Sir Michael Le Fleming, Baronet; the Honourable Cropley Ashley; Lord Viscount Loftus; Richard Nevill, Esquire; Sir ! John Frederick, Baronet,; Matthew White, William Frank!and, Francis Annejley, John Jeffery, Robert Steele, William

\ Devaynes, Charles Cockerell, George Porter, Charles Mills, Hilliard, Esquires; Sir Baronet;

; Charles Shaw Lefevre, David Scott, Thomas Ef court, James Langham, James Henry Leigh, Esquires; Sir Richard

Gamon, Baronet; James Hamlyn Williams, John Hiley Addington, Edward Golding, Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquires; Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, Joseph Jekyll, John Fane, Richard Penn, Evan Baillie, Thomas Smith, James Bullet-, of; East Looe, and John Robinson, of Harwich, Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my

Deputies and Deputy, in my place and stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the first year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing " and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and lining of this present Parliament," ’according to the directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and' every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present ! Parliament, appointed to meet the sixteenth day of November Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all

and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the seventh year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act! for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the Houfo of Commons " for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of " Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the

1 " House of Commons;" according to the Directions of another Statute made in the sixteenth year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not' be present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive 1 the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or

One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal, this sixteenth day of November, in the Forty-third year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Annoque Dominii8oz.

- Dartmouth, (l. s.)

43 Geo. III.

16° Novembris.

Parliamentum, inceptiim et tentum apucl civitatem Westmonafte-rienfem* die Martis* 16° die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Brittanniarum Regis, Fidei Defenforis, 43’; Annoque Domini 1802.

Pr'.-jnat

lN which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting the thirty-first day of in the Forty-second Year of

of this Parliament, for the Dispatch of Business, Our Reign, which Our Parliament from thenceforth was pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and prorogued, by Our several Writs, to and until the

also to the Writs which had iii'aed for that Purpose, the sixteenth day of November next, and then to be holden Right honourable George Earl of Dartmouth, Lord Steward and fit at Our City of: And forasmuch as for

of His Majesty’s Household, came, between Eleven and certain causes We cannot conveniently be present in Our Twelve of the Clock, into one of the Rooms belonging to Royal Person, in Our said Parliament, upon the said fix-the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths teenth day of November next, Know ye, that We, trust-appointed to be taken by the Members returned to fierve ing in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Care of Our moffc in Parliament are usually ad mini lie red; and John Ley, dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor, Eiijuire, Deputy to the Clerk of the House of Commons, George Prince of Wta/es; Our most dear Sons and faithful and Jeremiah Dxfon, and John Henry Ley, Esquires, Clerks Councillors Frederick Duke of York, William Duke of Assistance, and the other Ci ths, attending according to Clarence, Reheard Duke of Kent, Duke of -

their Duty; and Thomas Rajhlegh, Esq.iire, Deputy to the land, Duke of Suffix, Adolphus Duke of Cambridge-,

Right honourable Earl Prthrrfi, and the Honourable Apfiey Our most dear Brother and faithful Councillor -

ffi/jby?, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery in Great Britain, Duke of Gloucester-, the most Reverend Father in God, having delivered to the said Mr. Ley a Book, containing a Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor John Arch-Lift oi the Names of such Members as had been returned bishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all to lerve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, England; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the John Lord Eldon, Chancellor of that Part of Our United ' Members who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great;

or Deputation under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also Our right trusty and right entirely beloved Cousin and annexed) empowering several of the Members who had Councillor William Henry Duke of Portland, President of before been (worn, to administer the said Oaths to the Our Council; Our right trusty and right well-beloved rest, of the Members returned; some of which Commis- Cousin and Councillor Ear! of Westmorland, Keeper of lionets administered the fame accordingly to such other ( Our Privy Seal; Our right trusty and right entirely be-Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members loved Cousin and Councillor John Duke of

repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was brought by Sir Francis Vtaos^ Mohneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, defue the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

1 •XV.'i \,y

Groom of Our Stole; Our right trusty and entirely be

loved Cousin and Councillor James Marquis of Saltsbury

Chamberlain of Our Household; Our right trusty and

right well-beloved Cousins and Councillors George Earl of

Dartmouth, Steward of Our Houseliold, Phillip Earl of

Chejle Master of Our Horse, George John Earl Spencer,

John Jeffries Earl Camden, Charles Earl of Liverpool, John

Earl of Saint Vincent, first Commissioner of Our Admiralty,

Alexander Earl of Rofslyn; Our right trusty and well-

Accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers; beloved Councillors Robert Lord Hobart, one of Our

where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Pelham, one

Lords on a Form, between the Throne and the Wool- other of Our principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord

heks, said, Walsingham, William Lord Auckland, Richard Pepper Lord

-k,i , , . r , , r > AlChief Justice of Our Court of Common Pleas,

Mv Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of and E/Ward LotJd EUeOmugh, Our Chief Justice affixed

Htc u,°T°nSl t- c. , , r . , ., to hold Pleas before Us; by the Advice of Our Council,

IS Majest, not th.nW fit to be present here tins do Wc and b the Tenor of these Presents, unto

Uav m hm Koval rerion. neon nlentcrk m nvnor . r j t* ° c nz ? rx i c v 7 ~

the said rrmce ot Wales, Duke ot York, Duke of Clarencey

Duke of Kent, Duke of Cumberland, Duke of Sussex, Duke

Day in His Royal Person, has been pleated, in order to the opening and holding of this Parliament, to cause Letters Patent to be passed under His Great Seal, con-mtuting us, and several other Lords therein-named. His Commissioners, to do all Things in His Majesty’s Name, on His Part, necessary to be performed in this Parliament;

of Cambridge, Duke of Gloucester, Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Eldon, Duke of Portland, Earl of Duke

of Roxburgh, Marquis of Sa/ijburyEarl of Dartmouth, Earl

this will r n " S " V " . " n. 1VU " ' of Chesterfield, Earl Spencer, F-arl Camden, Earl of 11115 wul more tully appear by the Letters Patent them- r % . t;J n \ j TJ , J

iVirh-most LiKu. Lari ot Sfiint Vincent, Earl ot Rofslyn, Lord Hobart, Lord

fhen the said Letters Patent were read; and are as followeth; viz.

George r.

----- J — J;

5 which must now be read. Pelham, Lord Walsingham, Lord Auckland, Lord

Lord and any Three of them, full Power, in

Our Name, to hold Our said Parliament; and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the causes of holding the fame; and to proceed upon the said

(GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the Affairs in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising united Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, therein; and to do every Thing which for Us, and by Us, cicndet of the Faith. To all to whom these Presents for the good Government of Our said United Kingdom come, Greeting. Whereas, We have lately, for divers of Great Britain and Ireland, and of other Our Dominions 'racult and pteffvng Affairs concerning Us, the State and belonging to Our laid United Kingdom, shall be therein ,e e"* said United Kingdom of Great Britain and to be done: And also (if necessary) to continue, adjourn, 'e an<*’ the Church, ordained this Our present Parlia- and prorogue Our laid Parliament; commanding also, by cat to begin and to beholden at Our City of Westminster, the Tenor of these Presents, with the Consent of Our laid

v . uvr-

tizlcl'by

Council,

tmm

VJVjglC

8

16— IT—18

e n r- 7

m oxKcm or:$.

1. 1802.

W'

ord Clian* llor’s ■>eeclu '

Tr. Abbot itaker.

Council, as well all and every the Archbishops, Bishops, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and Knights, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our laid Parliament; that to the fame Prince of Wales, Duke of 3M7:, Duke of CJarem\\ Duke of Kent) Duke of Cumberland, Duke of Sussex, Duke of Cambridge, Duke of Gloucester, Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Eldon, Duke of Portland, Earl of Wellmor/uiid, Dlike of Roxburgh, Marquis of Sa/isbury, Earl of Dartmouth, Earl of Chesterfieldy Earl Spencer, Earl Camden, Earl of Liverpool, Earl of «SW;// Vincent, Earl of Rofslyn, Lord Hobart, Lord Pelham, Lord Walsingham, Ix>rd Auckland, Lord Alvanley, Lord Ellenborough, and any Three of them, they diligently intend ’in the Premises in the Form afore -said. In Witness whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster> the fifteenth day of November, in the Forty-third year of Our Reign. x

By the KING Ilimself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Bathurst and Bathurst*

And then the Lord Chancellor find.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Wc have it in command from His Majesty to let you know, That as soon as the Members of both Houses shall be sworn, the causes of His Majesty’s calling this Parliament will be declared to you; and it being necessary a Speaker of the House of Commons should be first chosen, it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, repair to the place where you are to fit; and there proceed to the choice uf some proper Person to be your Speaker; and that you present such Person, whom you shall lo choose, here, Tommorrow at twelve o’clock, for I Jis Majesty’s Royal Approbation.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Sir William Scott, Knight, ad-dressing himself to the Clerk (who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Charles Abbot; in which Motion he was leconded by the Honourable Henry Lafc elks.

The House then calling Mr. Abbot to the Chair, he fcood up in his place, and expressed the sense he had of the honour proposed to be conferred upon him, and fub-m it ted himself to the House.

The House then again unanimously calling Mr. Abbot to the Chair, he was taken out of his place by the said Sir William Scott and Mr. Lascelles, and conducted by them to the Chair; where, {landing on the upper step, he returned his humble acknowledgments to the House for the great honour they had been pleased to confer upon him, by unanimously choosing him to be again their Speaker.

And thereupon he lat down in the Chaii; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Lord Viscount Cajllcrcagli, having congratulated Mr. Speaker cleft, moved that the House would adjourn till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker cleft, with the House, went up to the 1 Ernie of Veers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to the said Lords Commissioners, for His Majesty’s Royal A [.probation: And,

Then the Lord lifth Chancellor, one of the said Lords

Cc M

>mn';i:Tioners, ilgnified His Majestfts Approbation of

r. Speaker cleft.

The House being returned; Mr. Speaker reported, That th

r i

ui

House of Veers: Where Itis hi CommhTioners, to approve of the choice

House had been in the y was pleaded, by His

ell

the House had

m:>

do of him to be their Sneaker; and that he had,

in

their name, and on their behalf, by humble p tit ion to I lis Majesty* laid claim to all their ancient Rig ts and Privileges, particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants, nught be free from Anvfts, and all irmk Rations; that they may erf;oy liberty of speech in all their debates; may h.ave aicels to i ii Majesty's Koyai Person whenever occiiion shall require; and that all their proceedings may receive !n m ! !i > May ftw the mo ft tavouiabie constiiiclm m: W inch, he laid, His Maiefiv, by H:s k..J Commissioners, had combined to them in as lull and ample manner as they have been heretofore granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of Jlis Koval Iftedeveli'>rs.

And then Mr. S; aM-r repeatm.l fiis mall respectlul acknowledgments to the Houic, for the honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in mind, that the first thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, first: alone, (landing upon Mr. Speaker the upper flep of the chair, took the said nift-meniftned taKCS 0atil5>‘ Oaths, and made and, subscribed ti,e hud Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath* of Abjuration; and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

Am1, after him, several other Members took the said M‘her^ , first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the hud u Declaration, and took and iubfenhed the said Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said ?viembers as are by laiw required to deliver in to the Clerk of this Home an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And’then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning-, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker

approved of

by the King.

t/Ol IS)

Anno 43° Prayers.

1 b° the jShovcmbris;

Georgii IIP"

Regis.

i 802.

Mercurli, 17° die jS ovcmhris;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

A Message was brought by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Members^ and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took tlka0atla‘ and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

43 Geo. III.

19*—20°—22°—23° JVovejii

9

\Vrfl

F-/f

fetal

UiUaiiu,

Veneris, 19° die Novembris

Anno 43° Georgii IHtU Regis, 1802. Prayers.

SEVE RAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of their Qualification, and to ..take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

made for those purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the firtlTime. Bill, rea<

BejAvcd, That the Bill be read a second Time.

appointed

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit Grand Cc every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. . notices

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Sabbati, 20° die Kovcmbris;

Commit 1 e Privilege appointed

Anno 430 Georgii III'11 Regis,

1802.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present, yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Ciiair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Quetlion first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luncc, 22° die JVovem

Anno 430 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of their Qualification, and to take and sub-

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Haivkcsbury, Lord Viscount CaJUereagh, Mr. , Mr.

It'a/face. Sir William Scott, the Lord M r. Nicholas

Vanfttart, Sir ’Thomas Theophilns , Mr. Bur don, Mr.

Bragge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Dundas, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Carry, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Flobhouse, Mr. Canning, Mr. Mr.

Carew, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Sir Charles Morgan, the Lord liervey, Mr. Golding-, and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Kobe, and Merchants in the House:

And they are to meet upon Monday tevennight, at seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday in the Afternoon, and all who come are to have voices; and they are to take into confederation all such matters as shall or may come in quetlion touching Privileges; and to report their proceedings, with their opinion thereupon, to the House, from time to time; and the Committee are to have power to fend for persons, papers, and records, for their information; and, if any thing shall come in quetlion touching the matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in debate.

Ordered, That all persons, who will quetlion any Returns other ufuj of Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, City, Orders

to 04s.

tcribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such account. Borough, or Place, in that part of the United Kingdom

and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly. called Great Britian, do quetlion the lame within fourteen

- . , ,» ^, ri- j <-r days next, and so within fourteen days next after any new

And thm the House till lo-momw ^umfl)allbeb hlil]_

Morning, len of the Clock, Or,lard. That all Persons, who will quetlion any Returns

of Members to serve in Parliament for that part of the

~~— - _ . ——^ ' ----- - United Kingdom called Ireland, do quetlion the fame

pretenting a Petition to this House within fourteen days next, and so within fourteen days next after any new Return shall have been brought into the office of the Clerk of the Crowrn of that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or by lodging a Petition in the office of the Clerk of the Crown in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within fourteen days next, and to within fourteen days next after any new Return fiiaJl have been brought into the said office of the Clerk of the Crown in Great Britain.

Ordered, That when any such Petition shall have been lodged in the said office of the Clerk of the Crown, in that

made.

2 3*die J\ oremb

Georgii III"1 Regis,. xSo2.

Marl is,

Anno 430 Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the laws made for those purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of their Qualification, and to take and lub-feribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such account, part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within the and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly. time before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make

a copy thereof, to be preserved in the said office, and im-A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneitx, mediately thereupon^ shall transmit such original Petition Gentleman Ufiier of the Black Rod: * (in the method used in conveying Returns of Writs) to the

Mr. Speaker, Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him laid be-

The King commands this Honourable House to attend fore the House: And that, in Case such Petition ffia/i His Majesty, immediately, in the Houte of Peers. have been lodged in the said office within the time before

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith tranF attend His Majesty. ' mit a Certificate in the like manner to the Speaker of the

And being returned; House of Commons, /igned by himself, or his spe-

Several other Members present took the Oaths, and- cifying the time when such Return was made, and that made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- nojuch Petition had been lodged in his office previous to feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws the date of /ucii Certificate.

Vol. j8. D Ordered,

' y

10 23° Novembrls:A. 1802.

Ordered, That all Members, who are returned for two or more places in any part of the United Kingdom* do make their election by this day three weeks for which of the places they will serve, provided there be no question upon the Return for that place; and, if any thing shall come in question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in debate; and that all Members returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm, except such Peers of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as shall, for the time being, be actually elected, and shall not have declined to serve for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, hath any right to give his vote in the election Of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is a high infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom, for any Lord of Parliament, or other Peer or Prelate, not being a Peer of Ireland at the time elected, and not having declined to lerve for any County, City, or Borough of Great Britain, to concern himself in the election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, except only any Peer of Ireland at such elections in Great Britain respectively, where such Peer shall appear as a candidate, or by himself or any others be proposed to be elected; or for any Lord-lieutenant, or Governor of any County, to avail himself of any authority derived from his commilhon, to influence the election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness, in respect of his evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or di-fectly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing, or giving evidence, the lame is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor * and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath given fall'e evidence, in any case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender.

Resolved, That, in all cases of controverted elections for Counties in England and Wales, the petitioners do, by themselves or by their agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the fitting Members, or their agents. Lists of the persons intended by the petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several heads of objection, and distinguishing the fame against the names of the voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves, or by their agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts on their part to the petitioners or their agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House* is fitting; and that no person, so taken into custody, be discharged out of custody without the special order of the House.

Ordered, That the back door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the fitting of the House, and the key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any person whatsoever without order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every day before the door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from eleven of

the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and from four till fix in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the passages through the streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no obstructions be made by cars, drays, carts* or otherwise, to hinder the pafl'age of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do give notice of this order to the officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no gaming, or other disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no annoyance by Chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the High Bailiff of Westminster -, and that he do lee the fame put in

execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the lobby of the House, or upon the flairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no gaming, or other tliforders, in the room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his custody such Footmen as shall presume to d fobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or fume other person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, lor the future, every day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from ten of the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and for two hours at the lead immediately after the riling of the House; and also from five of the clock in the Afternoon till leven, at the place appointed for the delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during his stay there, to deliver the lame to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known servant or servants, or others bringing notes under the hands of the Members fending for the lame.

Ordered, That the said officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the Ilouie, at their next fitting, with the contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give notice thereof to all Committees; and that ail proceedings of Committees in a Morning, alter such notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first peruled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no person, but lueli as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had this day King’* attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent mi flakes, obtained a copy; which he read to the House; and is as iolioweth; viz.

My 1 _,ords, and Gentlemen,

It is highly gratifying to Me to resort to your advice and assistance, after the opportunity which has been recently afforded of collecting the feni'e of My People.

The internal prosperity of the Country has realized Our most sanguine hopes. We have experienced the bounty of Divine Providence in the produce of an abundant har-vest: The state of the Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue of My United Kingdom is flourishing beyond example; and the loyalty and attachment which are mani-

fefted

43 Geo. lit;

23°-—24° jVovembris.

11

fefted to My Person and Government, afford the ftfongeft Majesty in thinking that it is incumbent upon us to adopt indications of the just sense that is entertained of the nu- those means of security which may appear to be best cal-merous Blessings enjoyed under the Protection of Our culated to afford the prospect of preserving to His subjects happy Constitution. the blessings of peace:

In My intercourse with Foreign Powers I have been That we shall proceed with the utmost readiness to make actuated by a sincere disposition for the maintenance of such provision as may be requisite for the various branches peace: It is nevertheless impossible for Me to lose fight of the Public Service, which we shall have great satisfaction or that established and wife lyftem of policy by which the to find may be accomplished without any considerable ad-interests of other States are connected with Our own; dition to the burthens of the People:

That we contemplate, with the utmost satisfaction, the great and increasing benefits produced by that important measure, which has united the interests, and consolidated the reiources, of Great Britain and; and that we

shall not fail to consider the improvement and extension will, I am persuaded, agree with Me in thinking that it of thele advantages as objects of our unremitting care and is incumbent upon Us to adopt those means of security attention; that we shall, at all times, be ready to give every which are best calculated to afford the prospeCl of pre- possible encouragement to the Trade and Commerce of the £' ' ' L c Country, so efifential to the support of public credit, and

of our maritime strength; and shall moll cordially lend our assistance in affording to mercantile transactions, in every part of the United Kingdom, all the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the security of the Public Revenue:

ami I cannot therefore be indifferent to any material change in their relative condition and strength. My conduct will be invariably regulated by a dpe consideration of the actual situation of Europe, and by a watchful Solicitude for the permanent welfare of My People. You

serving to My Subjects the blessings of peace.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing year to be laid before you; and I rely on your zeal and liberality in providing for the various branches of the Public Service, which it is a great farisfadion to Me to think may be fully

,yl r -.i . cai i ~aa-l- t. u To beseech His Majesty to believe, that we are fully

accomphlhed without any considerable addition to the ~ rJ , >• . .•/,

hnrfhJnc of P.nnl, 1 impressed with the sense of the great and leading duties

which we are called upon to discharge, m upholding the honour of the Country, in encouraging its industry, in improving its revenues, and in maintaining the true principles of the Constitution in Church and State; and to afiure His Majesty, that, in the performance of them, we fully rely on the continuance of His Majesty’s cordial and and extension of thele advantages will be objects of your uniform support:

unremitting care and attention. The Trade and Com- That we acknowledge, with the truest gratitude. His merce of My Subjects, so essential to the support of public Majesty’s gracious declaration of His moll earned wifti to credit and of Our maritime strength, will, I am persuaded, cultivate a perfeCl harmony and confidence between His receive from you every possible encouragement, and you Majesty and His Parliament, and to promote to the utmost will readily lend your assistance in affording to mercantile the welfare of His faithful Subjects, whole interests and hap-transactions, in every part of My United Kingdom, all the piness His Majesty’s paternal feelings induce him to con-facility and accommodation that may be consistent with lider as inseparable from His own:

the security of the Public Revenue. That His Majesty may at all times rely on the firm.

To uphold the honour of the Country, to encourage zealous, and affectionate attachment of His Parliament, in its industry, to improve its resources, and to maintain the securing and confirming those blessings which have been true principles of the Constitution in Church and State, so eminently enjoyed by the People of this Country under are the great and leading duties which you are called upon His Majesty’s just and auspicious Government.

burthens of My Peopl

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I contemplate, with the utmost satisfaction, the great and encreasing Benefits produced by that important measure which has united the interests and consolidated the resources of Great Britain and Ireland. The improvement

to discharge. In the performance of them, you may be allured of My uniform and cordial support; it being My mod earned wish to cultivate a perfect harmony and confidence between Me and My Parliament, and to promote to the utmost the welfare of My faithful Subjects, whole

Order That a Committee be appointed to draw up Committee an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the Laid te

Reloiution: Adareis.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord interests and happinels I shall ever consider as inseparable Hawkesbury, Lord Viscount , the Lord

from My own. bervie, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nicholas Mr. Wallace, Sir

William Scott, Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr. Bur don, for Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address Mr. Bragge; or any Five of them: Ancf they are to with-be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the draw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to King’s both Houses of Parliament be referred to the Committee.

thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that we acknowledge, with the utmost thankfulness, toe bounty of Divine Providence in the produce of an abundant harvest; that it mull also afford us great fat ;s fad ion to reflect on the internal prof-perity and flourishing date of the Manufactures, Com-roerce, and Revenue of the United Kingdom:

That we are fully convinced that the loyalty and attachment which are manifested to His Majesty’s Person and Government, afford the strongest indications of the just sense that is entertained of the numerous blessings enjoyed under the protection of our happy Constitution:

That we receive with great satisfaction His Majesty’s

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mcrcioii, £4° die JVovembris;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1802. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors in the County Prison Cornwall of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read®f*?£or* pacious assurance of the sincere disposition for the main- Complaining of their distress, and praying relief. e °n"

chance of peace with which His Majesty has been actuated Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

His intercourse with Foreign Powers; that it is, howler, impossible for us to lose light of that established and A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Petition to "'ife lyftem of policy, by which the interests of other States Junction Canal, was presented to the House, and read; are connected with our own, and that we cannot, there- letting forth. That, by virtue of the powers granted to the Canal Act«. fore, be indifferent to any material change in their relative Petitioners under the several Acts pa in the 33d, 34th, condition and strength , that we rely on His Majesty’s gra- 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign of His precious declaration, that His conduct will be invariably re- lent Majesty, great part of the works thereby authorized gulated by a due consideration of the actual situation of to be executed have been nearly finished, and that the Pe-Europe, and by a watchful solicitude for the- permanent titioners are proceeding to complete other parts thereof,

welfare of His People; that we fully concur with His and in providing more ample and necessary aecommoda-

Vol. 38. tiom ‘

12

24° Novonbris,

A. 1802.

tions for the Public; but, in order more effectually to &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine accomplish such useful and beneficial purposes, it is re- of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power quisite that further powers should be granted, and some of to fend for persons, papers, and records, the provisions of the said Acts amended, altered, and en-

ti

larged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- Spann Smith unto subscribed, being Trustees jpr putting in execution RoadPetmo.r an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair.

)Inev Inclo-Lire Petition.

'Petitions

refoe&ijig

Walt.

matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to the Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to them, to the House: Talk, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: House, and read; letting forth, That the Trustees have

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have bor-clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend rowed a considerable turn of money upon the credit for persons, papers, and records. thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off,

and the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- good repair, uniels the Term of the said Act be continued, unto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested and the Powers thercol altered and enlarged, and the lolls

in, two certain pieces or parcels of Land, called The Pashire and Doggett's Furze, within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and fead; setting forth, That the said two pieces or parcels of Land adjoin each other, and, in their pretent date, yield little profit, but if the lame were divided and inclosed, and specific allotments made thereof, it would be of great benefit toallperibns interested therein: And therefore playing, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, purst'ant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Praed and the Earl Temple do prepare, and bring in, the hiiic.

A Petition of the Maltsters, Farmers, and others, resident in the town and neighbourhood of Weli'nrton. in the

O o

County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Maltsters resident in the town of 'Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And ado,

A Petition of the Maltsters and Brewers resident in the County of Southampton: And also,

A Petition of the Maltsters and others residing in and near the borough of Tezvkcjhiiry, in the County of Gloucester;

Were severally pretented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain hardships, which the Petitioners allege they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of two Acts, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and in the last session of Parliament: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the find Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report tiye lame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louse:

And it is rcfe.u°d to Mr. IVi!Ham Egerton, Mr. Choi-mondeley, kc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- Mancheftet unto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale, and other places therein mentioned, and acting within and for a certain dillrift of the said Roads, called The FI an chester Disiricl, was presented to the House, and read; letting foith, That the Trustees have crcfted and let up a Turnpike Gate upon the said Road, between the public house called The Eagle and Child, in Chetham, and Smedley Lane End, as and for the principal Gate of the fame dillrift, and have all'o continued and kept up a Turnpike Gate at a place called The Mrhite Smithy, across the branches or division < f the said Roads, at each of which Turnpike Gates, Tolls have been taken according to the full Rates authorized by the find Act, for the use of the said Manchester District, but with Pals Tickets to the other of the said Gates; and that the Toils to be

f hirfle amf if arm Road Petition.

1

taken for the use of the said D,drift will he more equally and justly levied and collected if the provisions of the said A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- Act in respect thereof are repealed, and ot her provisions unto subscribed, being owners of estates, or inhabitants, made in lieu thereof; and that a considerable progress hath respectively, within the North Biding of the County of been made in repairing and improving the Roads within York, the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the said Manchester Diitridt, blit 3 sum of money

the Town and County of Nezacastle-upon-Tyne, was pre- heretofore borrowed still retrains. 0.w- and owing on the fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the credit of the Tolls arising witlin the said District, which Road leading from Thirsk to 7arm, in the North Riding cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be eff duallj of the County of York, through the several Parishes, improved and kept in repair unlcfe the term and powers of

the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, are enlarged; and that the said Act, as the lame relates to the said District, requires certain other alterations

and amendments: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bid lor effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Chapelries, or Districts, of Taforesaid, and of South Kilvington, Thornton-lc-Street, Leake,

Arncliffe, HarlJ'ey, Whorhon, East

Kirk Leavington, High IVorfall, and Yarm aforesaid; is very

circuitous, hilly, and, in many places, narrow and incommodious; and if the fame were properly altered, levelled, widened, amended, and repaired, it would be of great ut ility and advantage to the public, and would greatly facilitate

and improve the Communication between every part of matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to Cleveland and the Sea Ports and Market downs of Stockton, them, to the House:

Hartlepool, Sunderland, North and South Shields, and New- And it is referred to General Mr. Dent, &c.:

caJUe-upon-Tyne, and other parts of the Counties of Durham And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the

___i xr; . a _A ______: *t,i..... i_______ _I. t?___1 r»i____i_______a i__________

and Northumberland: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, levelling, widening, repairing, diverting, and otherwise improving, the said Road, and for keeping the fame in good repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whole Worcesteran . names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, in the 33d year of Petition. i

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to His present Majesty, an Act was passed for more effectually them, to the House: amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lajcelles, Mr. IVtlberforce, of Worcester, through Dro/tzvich, to Spadijbourne

11 within

43 Geo. Ill*

24* JVovembns.

13

Cowitfr’s

Bridge md Bradford tad* him

SeWbB

within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, That, whenever several Petitions, complaining

and other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Trustees of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in have found that, after having laid out several considerable Parliament, shall, at the lame time, be' offered to be pre-sums of money in the amending and repair of the said lented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions Roads, the same are not effectually amended, nor can the to be all of them delivered in at the Table, where they repair thereof be accomplished without the expenditure of shall be classed, and read in the following order; viz. a further large sum of money, which at present they are Such Petitions as complain that no Return has been

unable to raise and borrow on the credit of the Tolls; and that a considerable sum of money hath been borrowed upon the credit of the said Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the Interest thereof kept down, and the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in good repair, unless some further and other powers are given for those purposes, and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increased: And therefore, praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and term of the present Act, and to increase the Tolls.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

made of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in the first Class:

Such as complain of Double Returns, in the second Class: Such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for two or more places, in the third Class:

Such as complain of Returns only, in the fourth Class: And,

The residue of the said Petitions, in the fifth Class :■ And the names of the places to which such Petitions (contained in the first Class, if more than one) shall relate, shall, in the first place, be written on several pieces of

paper of an equal size y and the fame pieces of paper shall matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a box or them, to the House: glass, and then publicly drawn by the Clerk; and the said

And it is referred to General Gascoyne, Mr. Rob arts. Petitions shall be read in the order in which the said names &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine shall be drawn; and then the like method shall be observed of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power with respect ro the several Petitions contained in the second, to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution three Acts, made in the 7thj 31ft, and 35th years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that part of CouBridge which Jies in

third, fourth, and fifth Classes, respectively.

Then several Petitions were delivered in at the Table

accordingly.

And there being no Petitions of the first, second, third, and fourth Classes, described in the Resolution of the House;

The names of the places to which the said Petitions re-* the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, lead- lated (being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned ing through the Towns of Brentford and Houtijlo-W,to the in the Resolution of the House) were put into the glass at Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and other Roads the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following order; mentioned in the said Acts, so far as the fame reflects the

District therein distinguished by the appellation of ‘The A Petition of William EsquiVe, was read; GreatG

Old Difir id, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve in

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Mr. Md

Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, in the County of Lincoln, John Henry Esquire, Ayscough

and have borrowed considerable sums of money upon the Boucheret, Esquire, Robert Sewell, Esquire, and the Peri-

credit of the Tolls to be collected upon so much of the tioner, were Candidates; and that Jo/#; S/wz^/iw, Esquire, the said Road as is therein denominated The Old Distribl; but Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, did, on

find that the fame cannot be effectually amended, and the day previous to the said election, hold a full Court of

kept in repair, and the money due and owing be repaid, Mayor, Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and Burgesses

nor even die interest of it kept duly and punctually paid, of the said Borough, at which Court the said John Simpson

unless the Powers granted by the said Acts be amended did partially and corruptly, unlawfully, and of his own

and enlarged, and feme additional Tolls granted for the authority, admit certain persons to the freedom of the said

said Old Difiribi: And therefore praying. That leave may Borough who were not entitled thereto, and did refuse

be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the submit to the consideration and judgment of the Aldermen,

Powers of the said Acts, so far as the fame respects The Common Councilmen, and Freemen of the said Borough,

Old Difiribl of the said Turnpike Road, and for granting assembled at the said full Court, the right of such persons

some additional Toll. to be admitted to their freedom, which, by the constitu-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- tion and usage of the said Borough, he ought to have sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the done; and that the said John Simpson did alib partially, matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to corruptly, and of his own authority, refuse to admit cer-them, to the House: tain other persons who were entitled to be, and claimed at

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdett, the said full Court to be admitted freemen of the said fee.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine Borough to their freedom therein; and did also refuse to of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power submit to the Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and to fend for persons, papers, and records. Burgesses of the said Borough, in the said full hall aflem-

bled, the right such persons to be admitted to their A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- freedom, and which, by the constitution and usage of the unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and laid Borough, he ought to have done; and that the said otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, John Simpson, at and during the said election, did ad par-Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in tiaJJy and corruptly in the execution of his office as such the Parish of Gtunecester, otherwise Godmanchester, in the Returning Officer, and did at the poll reject the votes of County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and many persons having a right to vote at the said fc*d; setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are, and who tendered their votes at the said election for the , m their present state, incapable of any considerable im- Petitioner, and which votes he, as such Returning P rave men t; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific at the said election, ought to have received and admitted Allotments made thereof to the several persons interested on the poll; and did, at the said election, receive and therein, the fame might be greatly improved: And there- admit on the poll, for the said John Henry Loft, the votes

j°te praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill of many persons who had no right to vote at the said of dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. election, and which votes he the said John Simpson, as such Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Returning Officer, ought to have rejected; and that the to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Annejley, said John Henry Loft, by himself and his agents, managers Iwd Viscount Hinchingbrook, and Lord Frederick Montagu, and others on his behalf, before and during the said election.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

■'■‘5 ^Vera^ Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and

*eturns> being offered to be presented to the House;

'.irff Vnr rS

and before and during the poll taken at the said election, was guilty of bribery and corruption of the Eledors of the said Borough, to give their votes for him the said John Henry Loft, and to refuse and forbear to give their votes f

" VjOCJg

14 24° Nov. A, 1802*'

for the Petitioner, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt benefit, emolument, profit* and preferment of such persons, the Eiedlors of the said Borough to give their votes for the in order to be elected, and for being elected to serve in this said John Henry Loft, and to refuse and forbear to give present Parliament for the said Borough, in violation and their votes for the Petitioner, in order that the said John defiance of the {landing order and orders of the House, Henry Loft might be returned a member to serve in this and of the laws and statutes of this kingdom for prevent-present Parliament for the said Borough j and that the ing treating at elections of members of Parliament, and i laid John Henry Loft, by himself, his agents and managers, particularly the Act of the 7th arid 8th years of his late and by other persons on his behalf, at and during the said Majesty King William the Third, for preventing charge late election, and previous to the fame, did, by gifts and re- and expence in the election of members to serve in Parlia-! wards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts ment; and that the said Sir John Nicholl and Sir

( and rewards, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt at and during the said election, and previous

i and procure, divers persons, being Eiedlors of the said thereto, and in order to be elected members to serve in

: Borough, to give their votes at the said election for the this present Parliament for the said Borough, by them-

; said John Henry Loft, that the said John Henry Loft might selves, their agents, friends, and managers, and others on

; be elected and returned a member to serve in this present their behalf, and each of them, by himself, his agents. Parliament for the said Borough; and elfo did, by gifts friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, did, by and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securifies gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and fecu*

j for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure, and attempt to rities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure, and at*

corrupt and procure, divers persons, being Electors of the tempt to corrupt and procure divers persons, being elec-said Borough, to refuse and forbear to give their votes at tors of the said Borough, to give their votes at the said the said election for the Petitioner, that the said John election for the said Sir John Nicholl and Sir Stephen Lu/h-

Henry Loft might be elected and returned a member to ington; and also did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises,

serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt i that, by the above Hated and various other unlawful and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, divers j means, the said John Henry Loft obtained a colourable persons, being eiedlors of the said Borough, to refuse and

majority over the Petitioner of votes on the poll at the forbear to give their votes at the said election for the Pe-

said election, and was returned to serve in this present titioners, contrary to the common law and custom of Par-

Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Peti- liament, and to the laws and ilatutes of this kingdom for

I tioner (who was duly elected by a majority of legal votes, preventing bribery and corruption, and particularly the

I and ought to have been returned) and in manifest violation Act of the 2d year of his late Majesty King George the

I of the rights and privileges of the legal eiedlors of the Second, for the more effectual preventing bribery and cor-

J laid Borough, and in open defiance of the laws and free- ruption in the election of members to serve in Parliament;

dom of election, and particularly of the Act for more and that the Lord a Lord of Parliament,

j effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the election did, by himself, his agents and friends, concern himself in the

of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying said election, and did by himself, his agents and friends, by the House to take the premises into consideration, and to gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities

j grant unto the Petitioner such relief therein as to the for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure, and attempt to

; House shall seem meet. corrupt and procure, divers persons, having a right to vote

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera- at such election, to give their votes for the said Sir John ! tion upon Thursday, the 9th day of December next, at Nicholl and Sir Stephen and to refuse and forbear

three of the clock in the afternoon. to give their votes for the Petitioners, in defiance of the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or Handing orders of the House, and contrary to, and in con-j warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be tempt of, the provisions of the Act against bribery, passed

; thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of in the 2d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George

the matter of the said Petition. the Second, for the more effectual preventing bribery and

corruption in the elections of members to serve in Parlia-'» A Petition of John Milford and Henry Swann, Esquires, ment; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that the

on'of was read; setting forth. That, at thelaff Election of Mem- said Lord de Dunjlanville was thereby guilty of a high in-

►lilford bers to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of fringement of the liberties and privileges of the Commons

• Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Sir John Nicholl, Knight, of this United Kingdom; and that John Thomas, the

and Sir Stephen Lufhinglon, Baronet, and the Petitioners, Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was,

f were Candidates to represent that Borough in Parliament; at the fame election, guilty of gross partiality in favour of

j and that at tire said election divers persons were permitted the said Sir John Nicholl and Sir Stephen , by

[ by the Returning Officer to vote for the said Sir John canvassing for them, and soliciting votes in their behalf, by

i Nicholl and Sir Stephen Lushington, who had no right to vote admitting many persons to vote for them who had no right

j at the said election; and divers persons who had a right to to vote, and by rejecting the votes of many persons who

• vote, and who tendered their votes at the said election for had a right to vote, and who tendered their votes for the

- the Petitioners, were not permitted by the said Returning Petitioners; and that the said John Thomas was also guilty

! Officer to vote for the Petitioners at the said election; and of bribery at, and previous to, the said election; and that,

[ that, at and during the said election, and previous thereto, by the aforesaid, and divers other illegal and corrupt prac-

j the said Sir John Nicholl and Sir Stephen Lushington, by tices, the said Sir John Nicholl and Sir Stephen,

I themselves, and their agents, friends, and managers, and by themselves, their agent or agents, manager or managers,

f others on their behalf, were, and each of them by himself, and each of them, by himself, his agent or agents, manager

| his agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, or managers, obtained a colourable majority of votes over

was guilty of bribery and corruption of the Eiedlors of the the Petitioners on the poll taken at the said election, and

said Borough to procure themselves to be elected and re- procured themselves to be returned as Members to serve in

turned members to serve in this present Parliament for this present Parliament for the said Borough of,

the said Borough; and that the said Sir John Nicholl and although the majority of legal votes was in favour of the

Sir Stephen Lushington did, after the issuing of the writ of Petitioners, who ought to have been returned to serve in

election, and at and during the said election, by themselves Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying

and their agents, friends, and managers, and by others on the House will appoint an early day to take the case of

their behalf, and at their charge, and each of them by the Petitioners into consideration; and that the House will

himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and by others grant to the Petitioners such relief in the premises as to-

on his behalf, and at his charge, did give, present, and the House shall seem meet.

allow to divers persons having voices in the said election. , That the said Petition be taken into consider-

money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and ation upon Thursday the 20th day of January next, at make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and pro- three of the clock in the Afternoon, mises, agreements, obligations, and engagements to give , That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

and allow money, meat, drink, provision, present reward, warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be and entertainments, to and for divers persons having voices thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing in the said election, and to and for the use, advantage,. of the matter of the said Petition.

3 '

43 Geo. III. 24° Novembris. 15

L-.fe. A Petition of Robert fans Agnew, junior, of PT was read; setting forth. That, at the late Election of a ■ffc, Commissioner to represent the district of Royal Burghs in Scotland, conlifting of Stranraer, Wigton, Whithorn, and Wav-Galloway, in the present Parliament, held at Stranraer theprefiding Burgh on the 30th day of July lall 1802, the Petitioner and John Spalding of Holme were Candidates; and that at the said election the Honourable William Stewart, pretending to be a commissioner or-delegate for the said Burgh of Wigton, Sir John Lfalrymple Hay, Baronet, pretending to be a commissioner or delegate for the said Burgh of fVkithorn, and Thomas Grierson, writer to the fig-net, pretending to be a commissioner or delegate for the (kid Burgh of New-Galloway, voted for the said John Spalding

to be the Commissioner to represent the said district of Burghs in Parliament; and William Leggat, of Barlockart, being a commissioner or delegate legally choftn for the said Burgh of Stranraer, voted for the Petitioner; and the said Burgh of Stranraer being the returning or presiding Burgh, the said William Leggat, as delegate for the fame, gave his calling vote for the Petitioner, in case there should appear to be an equal number of legal votes at the said election; and that the elections of the said Honourable Colonel William Stewart, Sir John Dalrymple Hay, Baronet, and Thomas Grierson, as commissioners or delegates for the respective Burghs aforesaid, were all and each of them brought about by undue means, made by unqualified persons, were illegal and contrary to the statutes made and provided for regulating the elections of such commissioners or delegates; and the commissions, pretended to be given to the said persons severally, were also illegal, informal, and effejitially defective; and on these grounds the votes of the said commissioners or delegates were objected to at the said election, but the Returning Officer nevertheless thought proper to return the said John Spalding as duly elected; and that the meetings of the respective councils or magistrates of the Burghs of Wigton and Whithorn, at which, in terms of the adb of Parliament regulating the elections of commissioners or delegates in Scotland, days were pretended to be fixed for electing commissioners or delegates for the said respective Burghs, were not attended by legal quorums, so as to render their acts legal and valid; that sundry members attending such meetings were legally disqualified from attending the fame} and all acts done at such meetings, and afterwards in consequence thereof, were illegal and void; and that, when the commissioners or delegates for the said Btirghs of Wigton and Whithorn were elected, the magistrates and council and town clerks of these Burghs were not duly qualified according to law; and that the Petitioner had the vote of the delegate for Stranraer, which was the only legal vote, to represent the said district of Burghs, or at least that he was entitled to be returned as duly elected by the calling vote of the said delegate for Stranraer: The Petitioner therefore prays, That the House will take the premises into their consideration, and declare him to be duly elected, or grant him such relief therein as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the'25th day of January next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

'•'f* A Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, was read j fitting forth. That, in pursuance of a writ directed to the Sheriffs of the Town and County of the Town of " hm, for an, election of two members to serve in Parliament for that place, the proclamation for such election was regularly made, and the day, hour, and place for such elec-hen were thereby fixed to commence at the Exchange Hall on Tuesday the 6th day of July 1802, at nine o’clock rathe Morning; that the Election accordingly commenced at the day and hour and place which had been so fixed, I when Sir John Borlafe Warren and the Petitioner were the I only candidates nominated, in the presence of the Electors

I f«en assembled; and that no poll was demanded, nor was

I any other candidate proposed, for near an hour after the I different forms had been gone through, preparatory to the

I 58.

said election; whereby, 'as the Petitioner conceives, the Petitioner and the said Sir John Borlafe Warren were duly elected the members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and that it was the duty of John Allen, who was one of the Sheriffs of the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and who presided at the said election, to have returned the said Sir John Borlafe Warren and the Petitioner as duly elected; but, in violation of such duty, and for the express purpose of giving time to procure a third candidate, so that the free and unbiaffed choice of a great majority of the electors of Nottingham might be disappointed by means of tumult,- riot, intimidation, and violence, the said John Allen did, of his own authority, and by his own act, unnecessarily, vexatiously, and illegally, open a poll, and frequently and repeatedly urged the electors to name another candidate; and that he repeatedly declared, that if they did not pro-pole some other candidate, he mud close the poll; and that, although no other candidate appeared, and although he was repeatedly called upon by the voters in the interest of Sir John Borlafe Warren and the Petitioner, to declare Sir John Borlafe Warren and the Petitioner to be duly elected, the said Sheriff, contrary to the duties of his office, neglected so to do; and that, after a considerable time had elapsed, during which the electors had polled for no other persons but the Petitioner and the said Sir John Borlafe Warren, some person or persons intimated, that Joseph Birch, Esquire (a merchant resident at Hazle Hall, in the County of Lancaster, and at that time, and for some days afterwards, attending as a candidate to represent Liverpool in Parliament, at the election then depending) would come forward as a candidate; and that three voters only having polled for the said Joseph Birch, and forty-four for the Petitioner and the said Sir John Borlafe Warren, the said Sheriff adjourned the poll to the subsequent day, without any agent or other person, authorized by the said Joseph Birch or any elector, having demanded a continuance of the poll; and that on the subsequent day, and during the remainder of the poll, a seene of riot, confusion, tumult, and violence, utterly incompatible with the freedom of election, was continued, on the part of the electors and others in the interest of the said Joseph Birch; and that the top of the booth was, during all the time of polling, regularly occupied by persons who pointed out to the surrounding mob those persons who polled for the Petitioner, and that several of such persons were assaulted and seized by the mob, their cloaths torn, their persons beat and bruised, and other acts of outrage and violence were committed on them; and that the houses of gentlemen who elpoufed the interest of the Petitioner were attacked, and that every act of tumult and disorder, which could intimidate those voters who were in the interest of the Petitioner from exercising their firanchife in his favour, was practised; and that theft acts were attended with the desired effect; that five or six hundred voters at least were thereby prevented from voting for the Petitioner, a number much more than sufficient, with those also actually polled for the Petitioner, to have given the Petitioner a large majority upon the poll; and that the Petitioner himself, who has represented the town of Nottingham in four successive Parliaments, was repeatedly and violently attacked by the mob, and his life thereby exposed to imminent danger; and, for fear of a continuance of the fame, or greater violence, the Petitioner was under the necessity of withdrawing himself from the place of the election on the evening of the third day of the poll; and that the Mayor, John Davison, Esquire, as well as John Allen the Sheriff, attended on the huttings daily, and that Thomas Oldknow and Joseph Oldknow, Aldermen of the said town of Nottingham, who by virtue of their offices were magis. trates of the fame, also frequently attended the hustings; that they were all repeatedly applied to, to preserve the peace of the place and the freedom of election, and in.particular to remove the persons from the top of the poll booth, who, by the means before-mentioned, exposed the persons and lives of the voters who polled for the Petitioned to danger, and deterred many of the electors in the interest of the Petitioner from giving their suffrages; but that the said Magistrates took no effectual steps to remove such persons, or to prevent any of the other violent or illegal acts which

took

V;

16

24* Novein

A. 1802.

took place at the said election; and that the tumult and violence increased to such a degree, and the mob became {o completely mailers of the place, that no ordinary force, however effectual the lame would have been, if early and jfeafonably applied, was capable of rellraining their violence; and that the reality, as well as all appearance, of free election was entirely at an end, and no means or chance of re-Iloring it remained but by the Civil Magistrates calling to their aid such a force as would have been sufficient to have effectually protected the persons of the electors in the free exercise of their, franchises; and that it was repeatedly fuggelledto the Civil Magistrates, that it had become their duty to call for such aid; and that at last, when their own neglect had so greatly contributed to the necessity of using extraordinary force to quell riot, and protect the persons of the peaceable electors, the Civil Magistrates had the opinion of a gentleman, whole legal advice they had always been accustomed to respect, and to act under, to warrant them in pursuing such measures, and in calling in such a force, as the exigency of the case required; and that, notwithstanding such advice, they continued to neglect making use of any effectual assistance to repress the unexampled and outrageous violence which was perpetrated in their presence; and that by such conduct, they have not only aggrieved the Petitioner, and those electors who had. elpoufed his interest, but have, by their neglect of duty, supineness, and connivance, permitted the freedom of election to be violated in the most scandalous and dangerous manner, and the peace of Nottingham to be utterly fuInverted and destroyed for several days during the continuance of the said poll; and that it was not till Saturday the ioth day of July, the fifth day of the poll, so unlawfully commenced and so tumultuoully continued, that the said

Joseph Birch made his appearance; that the diiorders, tumult, and violence, continued and even increased during the remaining days of the poll, and that no effectual means were taken to prevent or suppress them; and that John Allen the Sheriff, who had served that office in the year 1796, and had been one of the Returning Officers at the election in that year, was on the approach of the late dif-solution of Parliament again placed in the situation of Sheriff; and that his former conduct and public declarations pointed him out as a proper person to promote such measures as were planned and concerted for preventing a free election for the said Town, and as the Petitioner has Hated, and has such just reason to complain of; and that, in violation, of his duty, the said John Allen was instrumental in preventing many electors from coming to the poll who would have voted for the Petitioner; and that he promoted the outrages of the mob in various ways, by encouraging those who committed them, and inviting or permitting many of the mob who were rioting on the outside to enter and fit in the bell places in the booth; and that promises of reward by treating were publicly, at the time and place of polling, in the presence and hearing both of the Sheriff and the Mayor, made to such persons as would vote for the said Joseph Birch; and that many of the electors who did so vote were publicly rewarded in such manner in the presence also of the Sheriff and Mayor, at the time and place aforesaid, without any measures being taken to prevent the lame by them or either of them, whilst, on the other hand, they permitted the Petitioner and the electors in his interest to be grossly insulted, reviled, intimidated, and attacked, with impunity; and that many persons who had no right to vote were admitted to poll for the said Joseph Birch; and that the said Joseph Birch did, by himself, his agents, and friends, corrupt the electors by various modes of bribery, treating, and other corrupt practices, by which means (and by the measures of intimidation and terror already Hated) he obtained a majority of votes upon the poll: And therefore praying the House will take the Petitioner’s case into their consideration, and grant to the Petitioner such relief, and to take such other measures in the premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 14th day of December next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Richard Wilson, of Datchworth Lodge, in Bamfts)1 the County of Herts, Esquire, was read; setting forth,

That, at the Election of Members to serve in this Parlia- Mr. w! ment for the Borough of BarnJlaple, in the County of Devon, which commenced on the 7th day of July 1802, 1

the Petitioner and Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, John Cleveland, and William Devaynes, Esquires, offered themselves '■?!

Candidates to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said

Borough of BarnJlaple, and Sir Edward Pellew and William ®

Devaynes were returned as duly elected by Thomas Copner, m

Esquire, who was the then Mayor and Returning Officer

of the said Borough, but that the Petitioner ought in

justice to have been returned, instead of the said Sir Edward Pellew, as one of the said burgesses, the said Peti- "s

tioner being the candidate duly elected, according to law, <1

to serve for the said Borough; and that many persons were -I

permitted to vote, and did vote, at the said election for J

the said Sir Edward Pellew to serve as a burgess in Parlia- a

ment for the said Borough, though they were disqualified J

• by law from being voters, in consequence of their holding offices, and they were so permitted to vote notwithstanding jj

their votes were objected to on the ground of such their nil

di{qualification; and that the said Sir Edward Pellew was ij

guilty of many acts of bribery and corruption in and touching such his election; and he was also guilty of treat-, ing and entertaining, and other undue and illegal practices, in the course of the said election, by means whereof an illegal and colourable majority appeared in favour of j|

the said Sir Edward Pellew, who, under pretence thereof a

was, by the said Mayor, declared duly elected, and, as such, returned by him: And therefore praying, That the premises may be taken into consideration, and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 16th day of December next, at .*;

three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petitions

A Petition of John Maitland, Esquire, was read; setting Chipprnt: forth. That, at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Burough of Chippenham, in the County Mr. Mait. of Wilts, James Dawkins, Esquire, Charles Brooke, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were candidates; and that the Returning Officer, during the course of the election, admitted many persons to poll for the said Charles Brooke who were not duly qualified to vote at the said election, and refused f

to admit many persons to poll for the Petitioner who were duly qualified to vote at the said election, and who attended for the purpose of voting for the Petitioner, and;

were ready and willing so to do, and who tendered their votes in favour of the Petitioner; and that the said Charles Brooke was, by himself and his agents, before and during the said election, guilty of bribery and corrupt and illegal practices, and did thereby, by himself and his friends, managers and agents, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for him the said Charles Brooke-, and also procure, and endeavour to procure, many other of the said electors to forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner; and that divers persons who gave ■;

their votes at the said election for the said Charles Brooke did give their votes for him in consideration of money and other rewards given to some, and promised to others of them so to do; and that the Petitioner had a majority of the legal votes at the said election above the said Charles Brooke-, and that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, together with the said James Dawkins, but the said Returning Officer returned the said.

Charles Brooke, together with the said James Dawkins:;

And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and declare that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned to serve in this present

determined by

QL'TTfllhni

Eatofl-

prtiwotf

htoru

t'zn'.ai

Uj jrv

-■crjit—

k»;.

43 Geo. III. 24° JVovembHs.

present Parliament for the said Borough, and to grant unto the Petitioner such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 27th day of January next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

A Petition of Henry Guy, Henry Poole,

Richard Halbert, William Heath, and Henry Elliott, being legal electors of members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenhamj in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and of other such electors, was also read; letting forth, That, at the late election for members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, John Maitland, Esquire, James Daiv-him, Esquire, and Charles Brooke, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Returning Officer, during the course of the elefiion, admitted many persons to poll for the said Charles Bnoke who were not duly qualified to vote at the said election, and refused to admit many persons to poll for the said John Maitland who were duly qualified to vote at the said election, and who attended for the purpose of voting for the said John Maitland, and were ready and willing so ro do, and who tendered their votes'in favour of the said "John Maitland j and that the said Charles Brooke was, by himself and his agents, before and during the said election, guilty of bribery and corrupt and illegal practices, and did thereby, by himself and his friends, managers, and agents, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the electors to vote for him the said Charles Brooke, and also procure, and endeavour to procure, many other of the said electors to forbear to give their votes for the said John Maitland', and that divers persons, who gave their votes at the said election for the said Charles Brooke, did give their votes for him in consideration of money and other rewards given to some, and promised to others of them so to do; and that the said John Maitland had a majority of the legal votes at the said election above the said Charles Brooke; and that the said John Maitland was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough together with the said James Dawkins, but the said Returning Officer returned the said Charles Brooke together with the said James: And there-

fore praying the House to take the premises into consider-atian, and declare that the said John Maitland was duly defied, and ought to have been returned, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and to grant unto the Petitioner such‘relief as to the House in their wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing

the matters of the said Petitions.

made his return within one hour after the close of the poll, during which time it was impossible for him toinveftigate the right of any of the questioned votes, whereby he unwarrantably and illegally contrived to make it appear that the said James Hamlyn Williams had a majority of votes on the poll, in order that he might justify his returning the said James Hamlyn Williams as member for the said County, although the majority of legal votes polled at such election for the Petitioner} and that the said Sheriff appointed several persons who were in the interest of the said James Hamlyn Williams to discharge the duty of Sheriff in the different booths* who behaved in the mod partial, arbitrary, and illegal manner in the admission of votes for the said James Hamlyn Williams, and in the rejection of votes for the Petitioner; and did, by divers other illegal and unwarrantable acts, endeavour to obtain an apparent majority on the poll for the said James Hamlyn Williams; and that the said Sheriff did likewise arbitrarily retufe to receive the votes of several freeholders who came to tender their votes for the Petitioner on the last day of the ekction before the close of the poll, under a pretence that the time for polling had expired, although the fame in fact had not expired; and that by the means aforelai’, and various other illegal, practices by the said Sheriff and his deputies, a colourable majority was procured for the said James Hamlyn Williams over the Petitioner; and the said Thomas Owen returned the said James Hamlyn Williams as member for the said County; whereas there was a great majority of legal votes tendered at the said election in favour of the Petitioner over the said James Hamlyn Williams, and the Petitioner was the perl'on duly elected, and ought to have been returned member for the said County of Carmarthen; and that divers unlawful and unwarrantable practices were made use of by, and on the part of, the said James Hamlyn Williams, as well before as during the poll; and that he was guilty of bribery and treating by himself and his agents: And therefore praying the House to take the pre-miles into consideration, and to grant him such relief therein as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the ift day of February next, at three of the dock in the afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Wilberforce B Esquire, and

Peter Moore, Esquire, was read; letting forth, That at the last election of citizens to lerve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, Francis William Barlow, Esquire, Nathaniel Jefferys, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners had a majority of legal votes, and ,ought to have been returned; and that^persons net entitled to vote were allowed to vote for the said Francis William

A Petition of William Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire, was read; letting forth, I hat at the last election of a member to lerve in Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, the Petitioner and James Hamlyn Williams, Esquire, were Candidates; and 'hat, in the course of the poll, Thomas, Owen, Esquire, the Sheriff for the said County, acted with great partiality in favour of the said James Hamlyn Williams, and against the Petitioner, and improperly rejected the legal votes of many Verlons who tendered their votes for the Petitioner, and admitted the votes of many persons for the said James Hamlyn Williams who had no right to vote; and. that several persons who were entitled to vote at the said election tendered their votes for the Petitioner, and their names were entered upon the poll books, but their votes were not then received, but left by the said Sheriff for decision, under pretence that he might consider and determine on the lenity of such votes at some subsequent time during the continuance of the poll, and on the last day of polling; Sot the Sheriff never made any determination as to the legality of the votes so reserved by him for decision, as he Was in duty bound to have done, but, on the contrary, he allowed the number of questioned votes to accumulate from day to day without deciding upon them; and at last Vo 1,58.

Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys, and divers persons who weie entitled to vote, and ^tendered their votes lor the Petitioneis, were rejected; and that, previous to and during the said election, the said Francis William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys, by themselves, or agents, were guilty of notorious bribery and corruption, by giving, and promising to give, money, securities for money, and other rewards, to. the voters of the said City, in order to be elected, whereby, and by other illegal and corrupt means, many of the said voters were prevailed upon and induced to give their votes for the said Francis William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys; and that the said Francis William Barlow

and Nathaniel Jefferys, during the said election, by themselves, their agents and friends, did, in order to be elected, corruptly allow, to many of the electors at the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, contrary to the Standing Order of the House, and in defiance of an Act, intituled, "An Act for preventing charge u and expence in elections of Members to serve in Parliament;" and that many of, the voters in the interest of the Petitioners were induced to withhold their votes from the Petitioners by means of gifts of money, loans, and promises of l,oans, and other rewards and promises of rewards, fry the said Francis William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys, their agents and friends; and others of the said voters were

Go<preK0Kd

Coventry

Election— Petition of Mr. Vvil'jer-Force Bird and

Mr. Moore.

idgewater

le&ion— tition of r. Agnew.

18

prevented from voting for the Petitioners by means of threats arid intimidations made by the said Francis William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys, their agents and friends; and that by these and other means of corruption and undue influence, the said Frattcis William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferys procured themselves to be returned mem-

bers for the said City, in violation of the rights of election, and to the injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioners such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confederation upon Tuesday, the 2tft day of December next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war-. rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties* on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Agnew, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth, That, at the lad election of members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Jefferys Allen,

Esquire, George Pocock, Esquire, John Esquire,

and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said

Jefferys Alien and George Pocock, by themselves and their agents, after the diflblution of the lait Parliament, and after the issuing of the writ for the said election, and previous to and during the poll at the said election, by themselves and their agents, and by other ways and means, on the behalf, and at the charge of the said Jefferys Allen and George Pocock, did give, present, and allow to the electors of the said Borough, and to several persons who had or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, reward, entertainment, and provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, in open defiance of the law; and that the said Jefferys Allen and George Pocock, by themselves and their agents, as well before the time of itfuing the said writ as after, previous to and during the poll, were guilty of bribery and corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to vote in the said election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as persons duly elected; and that Richard Sym Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, and Returning Officer at the said election, acted partially and unfairly in the execution of his office as such Returning Officer during the said poll, in rejecting good votes which were tendered for the Petitioner, and which he as Returning Officer at the said election ought to have received, and in receiving bad votes which were tendered for the said Jefferys Allen and George Pocock, and winch he the said Richard Symes, as Returning Officer, ought to have rejected, and that, by the said and other undue means, the said Jefferys Allen and Pocock

obtained a majority of votes on the poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a majority of legal votes, and who ought to have been returned, in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the legal electors of the said Borough, and in open defiance of the law and freedom of elections: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant him such relief therein as to the House shall, upon examination, seem meet.

Ordered, That the find Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 23d day of December next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made-for regulating the trials of controverted efcftions, or returns of members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cales, were 'lent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the tithes dn which the said several Petitions were ordered to^be

- -■ taken into consideration.

- . 8

1802.

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journal Refohirion of the House, of the nth day of February 1789, of the Resolution of the House respething the Recognizances to z liners, be entered into by any person having presented a Petition r£:ld* to this House, complaining of an undue election or return of a member to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And th? lame was read accordingly; and is as tolloweth; viz.

" Resolved, That, for the due execution of an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, in-" tituled. An Act for the further regulation of the Trials of «* controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve its " Parliament, so far as the said Act respects the recogni-« zances thereby required to be entered into by any per-x< son having presented a Petition to this House, com-*« plaining of an undue election or return, or of the omission of a return-, or of the insufficiency of a return,

« it is expedient, that the examiners of sureties, to be appointed by Virtue of the said Act, should attend (for xt the purpose of examining the sufficiency of any surety «< or sureties* to be named in any such recognizance) in " one of the Committee-rooms belonging to this House,

" at such time or times, within the time limited by the said Act, as shall be appointed by such examiners,

" on application made by any such Petitioner, or his " agent, to the Clerk or Clerk Assistance of this House;

" and that such Petitioner do give due notice of the time " and place of fucluintended examination, together with " the names, additions* and places ot abode, of such " sureties, to the fitting member or members whole elec-" tion or return is complained of determined by such Petition, or their " known agent or agents, and to every other person or persons, to whom the Speaker of the House of Commons " shall have given notice to attend, at the time when any " such petition is ordered by the House to be taken into * consideration, or their known agent or agents."

Mr. Trench reported from the Committee, appointed Address rr-yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His P^'j Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address S accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

: Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wc, Your Majesty’s tuolt dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to return

Your Majesty our moll humble thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We assure Your Majesty, that we acknowledge, with the utmOlfc thankfulness, the bounty of Divine Providence in the produce of an abundant harvest; and it mull also afford us great satisfaction to reflect on the internal prol-perity and flourishing (late of the Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue of the United Kingdom: We are fully convinced that the loyalty and attachment which are manifested to Your Majesty’s Person and Government afford the strongest indications of the just sense that is entertained of the numerous blessings enjoyed under the protection of our happy Constitution.

We receive, with great satisfaction. Your Majesty’s gracious assurance of the sincere disposition for the maintenance of Peace with which Your Majesty has been actuated in Your intercourse with Foreign Powers: it is, however, impossible for us to lol'e fight of that established and wile lyfteni of policy by which the interests of other States are connected with our own, and we cannot therefore be indifferent to any material change in their relative condition and strengthj we rely on 'Yo*ir Majesty’s gracious declaration, that Y'our conduct will be invariably regulated by a clue consideration of <he--actual iituation of Europe, and by a watchful solicitudefor the permanent welfare of Your People; we fully-concur with Y’our Majesty in thinking that it is incumbent upon us' to adopt those means of security which may appear to be bell calculated to afford the ^rofpcft of preserving to'Your -Subjects the blessings of Peace.

• -We allure Your Majesty, that w&fflull proceed with 'the-uWnoft readiness to make fiach -provision as maybe

fxequisite

vjjOCK^I.0

24° Nov em

43 Geo. Ill*

24—25° N

19

requisite for the various branches of the Public Service, which we shall have great satisfaction to find may be accomplished without any considerable addition to the burthens of Your People.

\V’e contemplate with the utmost satisfaction the great and increasing benefits produced by that important measure which has united the ipterest, a..d conl'olidated the rdources, of Great Britain and Ireland, a:;d we shall not

}a:l to consider the improvement and extension of these advantages as objects of our unremitting care and attention; wc shall at all times be ready to give every possible encouragement to t!ie Trade and Commerce of the Country, so eliciitial to the support of Public Credit, and of

Jovis, £5® die Novembris;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

JL IV A I

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

Pray ers.

Proceedings on Ait for trying Irish

intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trial of contro-" verted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the lon*‘

" United Parliament {ox Ireland" he had received from Thomas Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the

Crown in , a List of the Barristers at Law ot above /

our Maritime Strength, and shall most cordially lend our six years Handing, who have consented under their hands afiilhnce in affording to the Mercantile Tranladions, in and seals to act as Commissioners, or as Chairman to the every part of the United Kingdom, all the facility and Commissioners, for the purposes of the said Act. accommodation that may be consistent with the security Ordered, That the said Lift be deposited in the office of the Public Revenue. of the Clerk of this House.

We h-feech Your Majesty to believe that we are fully impressed with the sense of the great and leading duties The JHouse was moved. That an Act, made in the 37th which we are called upon to discharge, in upholding the year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ordered. ‘

l-----f n Ad to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of

two Acts, of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of 1 Great Britain called might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the honour of the Country, in encouraging its industry, in improving its resources, and in maintaining the true Principle', of the Constitution in Church and State; and we assure Your Majesty, that, in the performance of them, we fully rely on the continuance of Your Majesty’s cordial and uniform support.

We acknowledge with the truest gratitude Your Majesty s gracious declaration of Your most earned with

to cultivate a perfect harmony and confidence between 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Your Majesty and Your Parliament, and to promote to the utmost the welfare of Your faithful Subjects, whose interests and happiness Your Majesty’s paternal feelings induce You to consider as infepa|able‘from Your own.

Permit us to assure Your Majesty) that You may at all times rely on the firm, zealous^apd affectionate attachment of Your Parliament, in securing and confirming

" An Act for granting so His Majesty certain Stamp " Duties on Bills of Exchange, and "Promissory Notes for " small Sums of Money," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to . bring in a Bill for further suspending the operation of two Acts, made in the 15th and 17th years of the reign of His present Ma-those blessings which have been so eminently enjoyed by jesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes the People of this Country under Your Majesty’s just and and Bills of Exchange under a limited sum, within that auspicjous Government. part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Burdon

The said Address being read a second time; and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth fame, agree with the Committee, in the said Address-to> be pre-

fented to His Majesty. Mr- Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Spann Smith

Resolved, That the said Address be pfefehted to His whom the Petition of the several persons, whose names Majesty by the whole House. are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of execution an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping know His Majesty’s, pleasure, when He will be attended in repair, the Road from Spaint Smithy, in the County of

by this House

ts' to] Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

tethnu or. H:

Ordered, That the TC be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes for the years ending the 10th of October t8oi and 1802, relipe&ryely distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bounties paid on the Importation of Corn and Rice, in the years eniding the 10th of October 1801 and 180a, respectively; distinguishing each Quarter.

W. aa

kfwsiw

Chester, to Talk, in the County of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had. examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Richard Twemlow being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- and have borrowed a considerable sum of money upon the 'iwafag, count, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per credit thereof, which dill remains due, and cannot be pud Act 41 Geo. 111. cap. 4. intituled, "An Act to enable off, and the said Road be effectually amended and kept in the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to good repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued,

" Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or and the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls " Supplies as ha ve been or shall be granted by Parliament, increated.

" the ferric* of the year 1801," outstanding and uu- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-pwvidedfor. tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers

of an Act; passed in the 2.8th year of the reign of His Apd thi*n the House, having continued to fit till half present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widen-

• i an •V'.out after twelve of the clock on Thursday " ing, and keeping in repair, the Road from Spann Smithy,

• •-.Morning; adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of " in the County of Chester, to Talk, in the County of

th(* Clock. " Stafford:" And that Mr. Henry Laffelles and Mr.

-r. . , p-William do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

- i

W $8.

A Petition ;of the honourable Montgomerie Granville Ki. John Stewart, was delivered in at the table, and read; t letting forth, That the Petitioner and Patrick Heron, pc

Esquire, M

F

■ ----- ----- 1

20 25° Novembris. A. 1802.

Esquire, were Candidates at the last cleft ion of a commissioner to serve in Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in Scotland, and at the meeting for such election, which was held on the 23d day of July last, it was the duty of the said Patrick Heron' (who was then present) as the commissioner last elected to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry, to call over the roll of electors, in order to the election of Priefes and Clerk of the said meeting, and in calling over the said roll, and other proceedings for such election of Priefes and Clerk, the said Patrick Heron was guilty of great partiality and injustice, and did various illegal and unwarrantable acts, and permitted such illegal and unwarrantable acts to be done by the freeholders in his interest, and by his agents and counsel present at the said meeting; and the said Patrick Heron, in calling over the said roll, refused or omitted the votes of several freeholders whole names were upon the said roll, and who were entitled by law to vote in the said election of Prasfes and Clerk, and who thereupon actually tendered their votes, under protest, for John , Esquire, of

tabe Priefes, and Mr. James Niven, Writer, in Kirkcudbright, to be Clerk of the said meeting; and the said Patrick Heron also unjustly and illegally struck out or erased the names of l'ome of such freeholders from the said roll; and the said Patrick Heron, in calling over the said roll, also received the votes of several per ions who were by law incapacitated from voting, and whose votes were received by the said Patrick Heron for Richard Alexander Ofzvald, Esquire, of Auchencruive, to be Prides, and

Air. Robert Gordon, Writer, in Kirkcudbright, to be Clerk of the said meeting; and the said Patrick Heron having declared that the said Richard Alexander and

Robert Gordon were duly elected Priefes and Clerk of the said meeting, and having ligned the minutes of such election accordingly, the said Richard Alexander and Robert Gordon took upon themselves to act as Priefes and Clerk of the said meeting, although the said John Gordon and James Niven had a majority of legal votes, and were duly defied Praties and Clerk of the said meeting, and the said Patrick Heron should have declared them to be duly elected, and should have ligned the minutes of such election, and they should have been permitted to act as Priefcs and Clerk of the said meeting accordingly; and that, in proceeding to make up and adjust the roll of electors after the Cud meeting was thus constituted by the choice of Priefes and Clerk, several other freeholders in the interest of the Petitioner, who were by law entitled to remain upoti the said roll, and to give their votes in all questions in adjusting the said roll, and in the election of a member to serve in Parliament, were struck oft’ or left out of the said roll by the said Richard Alexander OJzva/d and Patrick'Heron, and the other freeholders in his interest, and other persons in the interest: of the said Patrick Heron, who ought by law to have been struck off or left out of the said roll, were by the said Richard Alexander Oswald, Patrick Heron, and other freeholders in his interest, continued upon- the said roll, and’allowed to vote in all questions, in adjusting the said roll, and in the election of a member to serve in Parliament, notwithstanding the objections made thereto by the Petitioner and the other freeholders in his interest; and other persons, who had no right by law to be inrolled, were also-Unjustly and illegally added, to, and put upon, the said roll, by the said Richard Alexander Gfivald and Patrick Heron, and the freeholders in his interest; and some freeholder^ in the interest of the Petitioner, who were by law clearly entitled to be added to, and put upon, the said roll, and who then duly claimed, the fame, were nevertheless, by the said Richard Alexander- Ofzvald and Patrick Heron, and the freeholders in his: interest, refused to be inrolled; in all wtiich proceedings great and manifest partiality and injustice were' shewn and done by the said Richard Alexander Ofzvald and Patrick Heron' and the freeholders in his interest; and’that; after luclr proceedings as aforesaid had "taken place, ftjie said Richard Alexander Ofzvald did nothin the election of the member to serve in Parliament, call for or receive the votes of the several freeholders in thfe ■interest'of the5 Petitioner, who had been struck off, or left; but* of the said roll, or refused to be added thereto in

manner aforesaid, but rejected and refused all such votes, although such several freeholders duly tendered the tame for the Petitioner; and the said Richard Alexander Ofzvald called for and received the votes of the several other persons aforesaid who ought to have been struck off, or left out of, the said roll, or refuled to be added thereto in manner aforesaid, and who then gave their votes for the said Patrick Heron, although the Petitioner, and other freeholders in his interest, duly objected to and protested against the fame; and the said Richard Alexander Ofzvald thereupon declared the said Patrick Heron to be duly elected; and that, by the means aforesaid, and other illegal practices, the said Patrick Heron hath procured himself to be returned member for the said Stewartry in prejudice of the Petitioner, who had the majority of legal votes, was duly elected, and declared, by the said John Gordon, the legal Priefes of the said meeting, so to be, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th day of December next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of 1’eVeral Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to lerVe in Parliament, the like notices as in former cases, were lent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such periods, papers, and records, as shall be drought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

t

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual enrolment of the Militia of Ireland: And that Mr. Cony, the Lord , Mr.

John Stezvart, and Lord Viltount , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Lord Charles Henry Somerset teported to the House, That His Majesty having been waived upon (pursuant to the order of yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this day, at three of the clock, at His Palace of

The House (according to order) proceeded to take into consideration His Majesty’s moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the fiune was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that motion.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ellates, or Inhabitants, respect* tively, within the North Riding of the County of the Counties of Durham and and the

Town and County of Neivcajllc-upon-Tyne, was* referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the -House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to. thelh, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after* wards delivered it in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz,. ;-

To prove the allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Clarke being examined, said. That the Road lead* ing from Thirji to Yarn, in the North Riding of the County of York, through the several parishes, chapdrics,

or

4

MfcMilit HU^tfder

The King: points to feat tended b the House.

King'sSpe<

consideretd.

Motion for Supply.

To be coni dered in a Committee

Thirfk and Yarm Koa* Petition, reported.

43 Geo. III.

25°—-26° Novembris:

2\

or districts of Thirlk aforesaid, and of South Kilvington, of Road, therein particularly described, called

Thornton-le-street, Leake, Sigstone,

HarlJ'ey, Whorlton, East Rounton, Kirk

Leavingtou, High War fall, and Tarn aforesaid, is very circuitous, hilly, and in many places narrow and incommodious, and that the said Road cannot be effectually shortened, levelled, widened, amended, and kept in good repair, by the laws now in being; but if the said.Road were properly altered, levelled, widened, and repaired, it would be of great utility, and would greatly improve the communication between Cleveland and the sea ports, and market towns of Stockton, Hartlepool, , North

and South Shields, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and other parts of the Counties of Durham and Northumberland.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk.to Tam, in the North Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

chester DtJlriEl: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and General G afcoyne do prepare, and bring in, the fame!

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Novembris

Anno 43* Georgii IIi*u Regis, 1802.

Praters.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House King's Ah.

attended His Majesty yesterday, with their Address; Ad' to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several persons, whose names are

,w‘ . 1 i* *i ii* r r ..

ifc.

Gentlemen,

I return you My warmest thanks for your loyal and dutiful Address. It is highly gratifying to Me to receive this proof of your cordial attachment to My Person and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execu- Government, and 1 rely with confidence upon your inva-tion an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His riable attention to the interests and happiness of My present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and im- People!

proving the Road from the Town of Manchester by aplace .... .

called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to . A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Vif- Widnwpool

the Town of Rochdale, and other places therein mentioned, count , on behalf of himself, and the other Owners and acting within and for a certain District of the said of estates in the Parish of in the County of

Roads, called The Manchester District, was referred; That Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting

the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- forth. That there are within the said parish several Open

ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Witte Lands,

been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- containing t ,960 acres or thereabouts, which lie inter-

mined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed mixed and dispersed in small parcels, and, if the fame were

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- several persons interested: And therefore praying. That

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing,' allot-

fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. ting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds.

To prove the allegations of the said Petition, the said Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Act was read: And, suant to the prayer of the said Petition: Arid that Mr.'

Mr. John Sharpe being examined, said, That the Trustees Pierrepont and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do pre-have erected and set up a Turnpike Gate upon the said pare, and bring in, the fame.

Road, between the public house called The Eagle and Child,

tCr;-utitfl'K I ■yitfi-l rUt.

jit ft.

in Chetham, and Smedley Lane End, as and for the principal

Gate of the fame District; and have also continued and kept up a Turnpike Gate at a place called The White Smithy, across the branches or divition of the said Roads, at each of winch Turnpike Gates, Tolls have been taken according to the full rates authorized by the said Act, for the use of the said Manchester District, but with Pass Tickets to the other of the said Gates; and that the Tolls to be taken for the use of the said District will be more equally and justly levied and collected if the provisions of the said Act in respect thereof are repealed, and other provi-

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Nottingham gaol or prison in and for the County of Nottingham: And Ca^arAen

also, _ . Debtors Pc

A Petition of several Debtors confined in Che County uuon*. Gaol of Carmarthen:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

ar

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to order; Thirfk fa, V,eu thereof, end that a confident pro- Bill for repairing improving, and mjmtjimng the Road

hathblen de in repairing and improving the Road, leading front to Jim, in the North Rrding of the prer,a,ed

lithirt the takl MaudjcrDilfrift. but a large turn of Count, of York: And the fame war received > and read

the first trme.

tuoney heretofore borrowed still remains due and owing un the credit of the Tolls anting within the said District, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually improved and kept in repair, unless the term and Rowers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, «eenlarged; and that the said Act, as the fame relates

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecorid time.

The Earl Temple presented to the House, according to. oiney order, a Bill for dividing,- allotting, and inclosing, two Inc'otuI

__________ ... __________ certain pieces or parcels of Land or Ground, called or prefcat'

to the Taid Mmcheder District, requires certain other known by the several names of The arid Daggett's

alterations and amendments. Furze, situate in the Parish of Olney, in the county of '

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- Buckingham: And the fame was received; and read tha

turning the term, and altering and enlarging the powers first time.. , . ....

0! an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time! patent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually,

" repairing, widening;, altering, and improving, the Road General Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Mancl " hom the Town of Manchester, by a place called The order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering , and ! White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 38th year of prew " Town of Rochdale •, and also the Road from the . laid the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " Pbce called The White Smithy, by a place called Btjj'es. " *nore effectually repairing, widening, altering, and im-nlft., d.... . -n > w t. proving, the' Road from she Town’ of Matichester, by

" place called The White Smithy, in the Township of " Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road " from, the said place called The White Smithy, by a place " called Bejfes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury j and also , O , tho

1—— «iivu me y, nut amuuy, uy a place caucu xsejjts " of ike Barn, to the Town of Bury, and also the Road u irom the Cud place called Be(Jes of the Bant to Radcliffe " Bridge; and also the Lane called Shcepfoot Lane, in the ‘‘ lownship of Priejhvich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster,"\o far as the fame relates to a certain District Vol. 58;

<22

26° Novem

A. 1802.

•loads Pe<

■ition,

'tportcdj

" the Road from the said, place called of the Barn to " Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called " Lane, in the Township of Priestwich, all in the County " Palatine of Lancaster f so Tar as the lame relates to a certain district of Road therein particularly described, called The Manchester Di/lri: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

iVortefterand Ordered, That General Cafcoyne do make the Report proitwich from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

I General Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Wore eft er through Droitwich to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned* was read:—And,

Mr. Thomas Gale being examined, said. That the Trustees have found, that, after having laid out several considerable sums of money in the amendment and repair of the Roads mentioned in the said Act, the same are not effectually amended, nor can the Repair thereof be ac-complished without the expenditure of a further large sum of money, which, at present, they are unable to raise and I borrow on the credit of the Tolls arising from the several

[ Turnpike Gates erected upon the said Roads:—That a considerable sum of money has been borrowed upon the credit

of the said Tolls, which cannot be paid off and discharged,

; nor the interest thereof kept down, and the Roads effec-

tually amended and kept in good repair, unless some further and other powers are given for those purposes :—And {■ 'the Witness added, that it will be necessary that the Tolls

4 ~ granted by the said Act should be increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of through

; Droitwich, to Spadejlourne , within the parish of

Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned: And that General Gascoyne and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Member Ordered, That General Gascoyne be added to the Gentle-

cUM to bring men wh0 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill tmfthy Road for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Jill. powers of an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of

1 His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

' " widening, and. keeping in repair, the Road from Spann

" Smithy, in the County of , to Talk, in the County " of Stafford."

Bin General Gascoyne presented to the House, according to preknted. order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 28th year of tire reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the " Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to * Talk, in the County of StaffordAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

• f t I

jodmanchef- Mr. Annejley presented to the House, according to order, g;jj"c olure a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com-K-eiuited. mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places* within the parish of Gwmecester, otherwise tnanchester, in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame jvas received; and read the first time, k Resolved, That the Bill ba read a second time*

5

Several Petitions, complaining of undue elections and returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the fame were delivered in at the Table.

And several of the said Petitions appearing to relate to the elections and returns of places, concerning which the House had received Petitions on a former day, the lame were read, as followeth; viz.

A Petition of certain electors of the Town and County Nottingham of the Town of Nottingham, who voted for Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, at the late election for the said Town and Petition of* County of the Town of Nottingham, and whose names Ele&w*. are thereunto subscribed, was read; setting forth. That in pursuance of a Writ directed to the Sheriff' of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for an election of two members to serve in this present Parliament for that place, the Proclamation for l'uch election was regularly made* that the day, hour, and place were thereby fixed for such election, which was appointed to commence at the Exchange Hall, on Tuesday, the 6th day of July 1S02, at nine o’clock in the morning; that the electors, pui-suant to-such notice, assembled, and the election accord^ ingly commenced at the place, and on the day and hour which had been so fixed, when Sir John Baronet, and Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, were the only Candidates nominated in the presence of the electors then and there affetnbled; and that no poll was demanded, and that no other candidate was proposed until near an hour after the different forms observed at the said election had been gone through; and the said Sir John Borlafe and Daniel Parker Coke had been nominated, and therefore the Petitioners conceive that the said Sir John Borlafe Warren and Daniel Parker Coke were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the Sheriff as members to serve in Parliament for the Town arid County of the Town of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners are strongly at-

tached to the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke, by U'hom they had been represented in four successive Parliaments; that they had observed his conduct as their repre-fentative with the mod peculiar satisfaction and approbation; and that his attention to the local interests of their populous manufacturing town had been uniformly marked by a mod anxious desire to promote, support, and conduct in Parliament whatever was for the benefit of the place; that his zeal and integrity in carrying the measures proposed into effect, were not more conspicuous than his judgment and diferimination in fclefting what was mod for their advantage; and that his conduct, in all matters of national concern, was marked by a steady and contci-entious adherence to what he considered for the public good, neither deviating into faction on the oiie hand, nor on the other into a submissive support of every measure of Administration; and that his tried integrity and found judgment, contemplated by the Petitioners with the greatest satisfaction for a period of twenty-two years, had attached them to his interest so firmly, that nothing but the risk of absolute destruction, the loss of life, or the ruin of their property, could have withheld them from exercising their franchises in his favour; and that it was the duty of John Allen, the Sheriff, as Returning Officer, to have so declared, and to have returned the said Sir John Borlafe Warren and Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, duly elected; but in violation of such duty, and for the express purpose of giving time to procure a third candidate, so that the free and unbiaffed choice of a great majority of the electors might be dilappointed and frutlrated by means of tumult, riot, intimidation, and violence, the said John Allen did, of his own authority, and by his own aft, unne-ceffarily, vexatioufiy, and illegally, open a poll, and frequently urged the electors to name another candidate, and repeatedly declared, that if they did not propose some other candidate, he should be obliged to close the poll j and that, although no other candidate appeared, or was proposed, and although the said Sheriff was repeatedly called upon by the Petitioners, and by other of the elec* tors in the interest of the said Sir John Borlafe Warren and the said Daniel Parker Coke, to declare the said Sir John Borlafe Warren and the said Daniel Parker Coke to be duly elected, the said Sheriff^ contrary to the duties of his office, neglected so to do; a'nd that, as the said Sheriff had taken upon himself, of his own authority, to open a poll, as is

herein

by

43 Geo. III.

2 6° Novembrii.

23

hereinbefore dated, the Petitioners, notwithstanding they the Civil Magistrates, that it had become their duty to call

deemed such conduct on the part of the Sheriff unlawful, and incapable of justification, conceived and hoped that they would most immediately defeat the unlawful object, and fruftrale the vexatious purposes of the said Sheriff, by polling for the said Daniel Parker Coke, which they did in the progress of- the poll, many of them with the greatest

for such aid; and that at last, when their own neghfft had so greatly contributed to the necessity of using extraordinary force to, quell riot and protect the persons of the peaceable electors, the Civil Magistrates had the opinion of a Gentleman, whose legal advice they had always been accustomed to respect and to act under, to warrant them difficulty, and with the greatest risk of danger to their per- in pursuing such measures, and in calling in ftlch a forces fons; and that,'after a considerable time had elapsed, as the exigency of the case required; that, notwithstand-during which the electors had polled for no other person ing such advice;, they continued to neglect making life of but the said Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and the said Sir any effectual assistance to repress the unexampled and out-Jo’nn Borlafe Warren, some person or persons intimated that rageous violence which was perpetrated in their presence;

Jofp/i Birch, Esquire, a merchant, of Haz/e Hall, in the and that by such conduct they have not only highly ag-

county of Lancaster, and at that time, and for some days grieved the Petitioners and disappointed their choice, but afterwards, attended as a candidate to represent Liverpool have, by their supineness, connivance, and neglect of duty; in Parliament at thp election then depending, would come permitted the freedom of election to be most grossly vio-forward as a candidate; and that three electors only of lated, and the peace of Nottingham to be subverted and t!.c said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham destroyed for several days during the continuance of the having polled for the said Joseph Birch, and forty-four for said poll; and that it was not till Saturday, the ioth day the said Daniel Parker Coke and Sir John Borlafe Warren, of July, the fifth day of the poll so unlawfully commenced the said Sheriff adjourned the poll to the subsequent day, and so tumultuously continued, that the said Joseph Birch although no agent, or other person authorized by the said made his appearance at the said poll; that the difordets Joseph Birch, or any cleftor, demanded a continuance of the and tumult continued and increased during the remaining poll; and that on the subsequent day, and during the re- days of the poll; and that no effectual means were taken, mainderof the poll, a scene of rict, disorder, tumult, and to prevent or suppress them; and that John Allen the

Sheriff, who had served that office in the year 1796, and had been one of the Returning Officers at the election in that year, was, on the approach of the late difiblution of Parliament, again placed in the situation of Sheriff; that his former conduct and public declarations pointed him out as a proper person to promote such measures as wem concerted and planned for preventing a free election for

violence, utterly incompatible with the freedom of election, was exhibited by the electors and others in the interest of the said Joseph Birch; and that the top of the booth was, during all the time of polling, regularly occupied by persons who pointed out to the surrounding mob those electors who polled for the said Daniel Parker Coke; that several of such electors were assaulted and seized by the mob, their

tlothes torn, their persons beat and bruised, and other acts the said Town of Nottingham, and as the Petitioners have

stated; and that, in violation of his duty, the said John Allen was instrumental in preventing many electors from coming to the poll who would have voted for the said Daniel Parker Coke; and that he promoted the outrages of the mob, in various ways, by encouraging those who committed them, and inviting or permitting many of the mob, who were rioting on the outside, to enter and fit in the best places of the booth; that promises of reward by treating were publicly, and at the time and place of polling, in the presence and hearing both of the Sheriff and the Mayor, made to such persons as would vote for the said Joseph Birch; and many of the electors who did so vote were publicly rewarded in such manner in the presence of the said Sheriff and Mayor, at the time and place aforesaid, without any measures being taken to prevent the fame by them, or either of them; whilst, on the other hand, they permitted the said Daniel Parker Coke, and the Petitioners,

of outrage and violence were committed on them; and that the houses of Gentlemen, who were in the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke, were attacked, and that every act of tumult and disorder likely to intimidate the electors who were in the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke,. from giving their votes in his favour was practised; that those acts were attended with the desired effect; that five or six hundred, at lead, of the electors were thereby prevented from voting for the said Daniel Parker Coke, a number much more than sufficient with the Petitioners, and the rest of those electors who actually polled for him, to have given the said Daniel Parker Coke a large majority upon the poll; and that the said Daniel Parker Coke, who had, in four successive Parliaments, represented the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was repeatedly and violently attacked by the mob, and his life thereby exposed to imminent danger; and, for fear of a

continuance of the fame or greater violence, the said Daniel and the other electors in his interest, to be grossly insultedT, forher Coke was under the necessity of withdrawing himself reviled, intimidated, and attacked with impunity, and from the place of the election on the evening of the third that many persons who had no right to vote were admitted day of the poll; and that John Davison, Esquire, the to poll for the said Joseph Birch; and that the said Joseph Mayor, as well as John Alien the Sheriff, attended on the Birch did by himself, his agents, friends, and partizans, buffings daily; and that Thomas OUlknow and Joseph Old- corrupt the electors by various modes of bribery, by treat-kmv, Aldermen of the said Town, and who, by virtue of ing and other corrupt practices; by which means, and by their dikes, were Magistrates of the lame, also frequently the measures of intimidation and terror already stated, he attended on the hustings; that they were all repeatedly obtained a majority of votes upon the poll: And there-applied to, to preserve the peace of the place and maintain fore praying that the house will take the case of the Petite freedom of election, and in particular to remove from tioners into their consideration; and grant then? such retire top of the poll-booth the persons who by the means lief, and take such other measures in the premises, as to the hefore-mentioned exposed to danger the persons and lives House shall seem meet.

of the Petitioners and the rest of the electors in the in- A Petition of certain electors of the Town and County Anoth< tcreftof the said Daniel Parker Coke, and deterred many of the Town of in the interest of

of the said ArPtnrc v,ic <VrMT» oivinor Viim tUp',r Coke, Esquire, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was

also read; setting forth, That, at the late election of members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, holden at the Exchange Hall on.

...... ....... __________ __________ Tuesday the 6th day of July 180a, Sir John BorlafeWarren,

such degree, and the mob became so completely mailers Baronet, and Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, were Candidates; ct the place, that no ordinary force, however effectual the and that the Petitioners, and many others, to the number have would have been if early and kafonably applied, was of six hundred, and upwards, were strongly attached to the tipable of restraining their violence -, and that the reality, interests of the said Daniel Parker Cofee, by whom they had * w ah appearance, of free election, was entirely at been represented in four successive Parliaments; that they ^cud.and no means or chance of restoring it remained had observedhis conduct, as their representative, with the butb\( the Civil Magistrates calling to their aid such a most peculiar satisfaction and approbation; and that his urce as would have been sufficient to have effectually pro- tried integrity and found judgment, contemplated by the 'Wed the persons of the electors in the free exercise of Petitioners with the greatest satisfaction for a period of v "Shifts 1 and that it was repeatedly suggested to twenty-two years, had attached them to his interests so

| firmly,

Di'^itr aerby 'lC

tire said electois in his interest from giving him their luShges; but that the said Magistrates took no effectual to remove such persons, or to prevent any of the irirer viftcnt or illegal acts which took place at the said t 'dv,?.; and that the tumult and violence increased to

<24

26° Novembris.

A. 1802.

firrtily, that nothing but the rilk of absolute destruction, the loss of life, or the ruin of their property, could have withheld them from exercising their franchises in his favour; and that at the said election, they had determined to poll for the said Darnel Parker Coke, but that, such was the violence of the mob, systematically regulated and conducted for the purpose, that they were completely intimidated, and thereby prevented from polling for the said Daniel Parker Coke; and that, at the said election, and during the continuance of the poll, a scene of riot, confu-fion, tumult; and violence, utterly incompatible with the freedom Of election, Was exhibited by the electors, and others; who were in the interest of Joseph Birch, Esquire; and that the top of the booth was, during all the time of polling, regularly occupied by persons, who pointed out to the surrounding mob those electors who polled for the said Daniel Parker Coke; that several of such electors were assaulted and seized by the mob, their clothes torn, their persons beat and bruised, and other acts of outrage and violence committed on them; and that the houses of Gentlemen who espoused the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke were assaulted and attacked; and that every act of tumult and disorder which could intimidate those voters who were in the interest of the said Daniel Parker,

other person was brought forward or proposed as a candidate; and that the free and independent choice of the electors, duly assembled according to previous notice given according to law, for the purpose of making the said election, was publicly declared, without op, to be in favour of Sir John Borlafe Warren and Daniel Parker , Esquire, the only candidates proposed; and that the Petitioners, conceiving that the election of both those Gentlemen was completed, and that no poll was either necessary or could lawfully be opened by the Returning Officer where none was demanded, and when there were no more candidates than members to be chosen, considered Daniel Parker Coke, the candidate for whom they gave their iut-frages, to be duly and regularly chosen, and that he ought to have been thereupon so returned by the Sheriff—they were much surprised, therefore, when they found that John Allen, who acted as one of the Sheriffs and Returning Officer, and who presided at the said election, proceeded of his own accord to commence a poll, and that the names of persons who were present were taken dow’n as polling for Sir John Borlafe Warren and the said Daniel Parker Coke —but the surprile of the Petitioners was much increal'cd when the Sheriff repeatedly called on the voters to propose a candidate, and that he continued to repeat this to the

from exercising their franchises in his favour, was practised, voters, at intervals, for along period of time; and that, and that those acts were attended with the desired effect; although he pursued that conduct for near an hour, no

that five or six hundred voters at lead were thereby prevented from voting for the said Daniel Parker Coke, a number much more than sufficient to have given to the said Daniel Parker Coke (together with those who voted for him) a large majority upon the poll; and that the Mayor, John Davison, Esquire, as well as John Allen, who was one of the Sheriffs, and who presided at the said election, attended on the hustings daily, and that Thomas Old-know and Joseph Oldknow, Aldermen of the said Town of Nottingham, and who, by virtue of their offices, were magistrates of the said Town, also frequently attended on the hustings, and that they were all repeatedly applied to, to

third candidate appeared: The Petitioners were, therefore, if possible, more l'atisfied than before that the election was concluded, and that Sir John Borlafe Warren and the said Daniel Parker Coke should have been declared duly elected; the Petitioners, therefore, felt themselves greatly aggrieved, when, after those repeated invitations from the Sheriff, the nomination of Joseph Birch, Esquire, took place, without any visible authority from him, or any person for him, and that three persons were permitted to poll for him, and the poll adjourned for that day; and that this extraordinary, unexampled, and unlawful conduct of the Sheriff, the pro-posing the said Joseph Birch, and the commencement of.

preserve the peace of the place and the freedom of election, and proceeding in the poll, when the election must be held

Another Petition of Electors,

and in particular to remove the persons from the top of the poll-booth, who, by the means beforementioned, exposed the persons and lives of the electors, who polled for the said Daniel Parker Coke to danger, and deterred the Petitioners, and many other electors of the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke, from giving their suffrages; but that the said Magistrates took no effectual steps to remove such persons, or to prevent any of the other violent or illegal acts which took place at the said election; and that by such conduct they have not only aggrieved the Petitioners, and the rest of the electors who had espoused the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke, but have, by their supineness, connivance, and neglect of duty, permitted the freedom of election to be violated in the mod scandalous and dangerous manner, and the peace of Nottingham to be utterly subverted and destroyed for several days during the continuance of the said poll; and that many persons who had no right to vote were admitted to poll for the said Joseph Birch; and that the said Joseph Birch did, by himself, his agents, and friends, corrupt the electors by various modes of bribery, treating, and other corrupt practices, by which means; and by the measures of intimidation and terror already stated, he obtained a majority of votes upon the poll, and was returned by the said Sheriff as duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the case of the Petitioners into consideration, and ,grant to them such relief, and take such other measures in the premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of certain electors of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, vthofe names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise read;' setting forth, That the Petitioners, in consequence of notice given by the Returning ’ Officer, according to law, of the time and place of election, were present at the Exchange Hall, on Tuesday, the 6th day of July 1802,.. at the commencement of the last election of two members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, when Sir John Borlafe Warren, Baronet, and Darnel Parker Coke, Esquire, were respectively proposed to represent the said Town in Parliament; and that, at the time of their nomination,

to have been concluded, was followed by the most daring acts of disorder, outrage, tumult, and violence, totally de-structive of the freedom of election, if any election could still have been legally proceeded in after such conduct and practices of the Returning Officer presidingatit; and that, at the conclusion of a poll so commenced and continued for several days, through such a course of tumult and violence, the Sheriff declared the said 1'joseph Birch, together with Sir John Borlafe Warren, duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and hath accordingly returned the said Joseph Birch as one. of the members so duly elected; and that the Petitioners having given their suffrages at the nomination, and when no third candidate appeared, did not tender their votes at the poll, considering the whole proceeding to be illegal, and that the election was completely concluded without any poll, and before it began; and that the Petitioners were strongly attached to the interest of the said Daniel Parker Coke, by whom they had been represented in four successive Parliaments; that they had observed his conduct, as their representative, with the most peculiar satisfaction and approbation; and that his attention to the local interest of their populous manufacturing Town had been uniformly marked by a most anxious desire to promote, support, and conduct in Parliament, whatever was for the benefit of the place; and that his zeal and industry in carrying the measures proposed into effect were not more conspicuous than his judgment and diferimination in selecting what was most for their advantage; and that his conduct in all matters of national concern was marked by a steady and conscientious adherence to what he considered to be for the public good, neither deviating into faction on the one hand, nor on the other into a submissive support of every measure of Administration; and that his tried integrity and found judgment, contemplated by the Petitioners with the greatest satisfaction for a period of twenty-two years, had firmly attached them to his interest; and that, by the proceeding of the Sheriff, they have been deprived of their lawful representative, the said Daniel Parker Coke, and that the said Joseph Birch his been unlawfully returned in his place:

And

43 Geo. III.

2 6° JYovem

Q£

warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as Hi all be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

And therefore praying, that the election and return of the Kingdom called Scotland, and held bn the 30th day of said Joseph Birch may be set alide, and that the said Daniel July last part, the Petitioner and Cumin*

Parker Coke, Esquire, may be declared duly elected, or Gordon, of Altyre, Esquire, were Candidates; and that that such other relief may be' given in the premises as to John Mac Esquire, being a Commissioner or Dele-

the House shall seem meet. gate, legally chosen for the said Borough of and

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be Colonel Ronald Cranford Ferguson, being a Commissioner taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th or Delegate, legally chosen for the said Borough of day of December next, at the same time that the voted for the Petitioner to be the Burgess to represent

Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, is ordered the said District of Boroughs in the present Parliament;

to be taken into consideration. ' and that the said Alexander Penrose Cuming Gordon, pre-*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or tending to be a Commissioner or Delegate for the said'

Borough of Nairn, and Sir Archibald Dunbar, of Northfield, pretending to be a Commissioner or Delegate for the said Borough of Voted for the said Alexander Penrose

Cuming Gordon to be the Burgess to represent the said A Petition of John Agnerc, Esquire, was read; setting Didrift of Boroughs in the present Parliament; and the mu.* That at the last hi eft ion of Members to serve in said Borough of Nairn, being the returning or presiding

jttpnr. Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County Borough, the said Alexander Penrose Cuming Gordon, as the of Somerset, Jejferys Allen, Esquire, George Pocock, Esquire, pretend 'd Delegate for the lame, gave a double or calling

John Hanorirt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candi- vote for himself, under the pretence of there being an dates; and that the said Jejferys Allen and George Pocock, 1 equal number of legal votes given for each candidate at by themselves and their agents, after the dissolution of lie said election; and that Alexander Hay, the Returning the last Parliament, and after the issuing of the writ for Officer at the said election, has thought proper to return the said election, and previous to, and during the poll, at the said Alexander Penrose Cuming Gordon ns duly elected to the said election, by themselves and their agents, and by be the Representative or Burgess to serve for the said other ways and means, on the behalf, and at the charge District of Boroughs in the present Parliament; and that

the Petitioner nevertheless conceives, and is advised, that he was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Commissioner or Member for the said District of Boroughs, because the elections of the said Alexander Penrose Cuming Gordon and Sir Archibald Dunbar, as Commissioners or Delegates for the respective Boroughs aforesaid, were all and each of them illegal, and contrary to the

ton— I to.Don of

of the said Jefferys Alien and George Pocock did give, present, and allow to the electors of the said Borough, and to several persons who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, reward, entertainment, and provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, in open defiance of the Law; and that the said Jeff cry s Alien and

Gwje'Porock, by themselves and their agents, as well be* Statutes made and provided for regulating the elections of

fore the time of iUliing the said writ as after, previous to, and during the poll, were guilty of bribery and corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to vote in the said election, in order to procure themflivqs to be returned as persons duly elected; and that John Svmesy Esquire, M:i yor of she laid Borough, and

Commissioners or Delegates to choole Burge lies to represent the Boroughs of Scotland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, particularly in this feipeft, that the Oaths and Statutes required determined by Law to be read and administered, were not read and administered, but that the fame were neglected to be read and admi-Returning Officer at the said election, acted partially and niftered; that the minutes of the election of delegate of unfairly -in the execution of his office as such Returning both or one of them have been erased, defaced, interlined.

Officer during the said poll, in rejeftinggood votes, which and vitiated, in order to make it appear that the Statutes were tendered for the Petitioner, and which he, as Re- were complied with when they were not complied with, turning Officer at the said election, ought to have re- and that, in other respects, the law and usage of election cciveci, and in receiving bad votes which were tendered was violated; that the proceedings were Ijkewife contrary for the fuel Jefrys Alien and George Pocock, and which he to the Statutes regulating the choice of such Burgesses,

the said John Symes, as Returning Officer, ought to have and otherwise defective, informal, and void, and likewise rejected; and that, by the said and other undue means, because the commissions pretended to have been given to the said Jejferys Allen and George Pocock obtained a majo- the said persons severally were also illegal, informal, and rityof voies on the poll, and were returned accordingly essentially defective; and that the majority of legal votes to serve in Parliament for the said Borough in prejudice of at the said election were in favour of the Petitioner: And' the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a majority of therefore praying the House to take his Petition into their legal votes, and who ought to have been returned, in consideration, and to allow him to be heard by his counsel tuanifeft violation of the rights and privileges of the legal and agents thereon, and to grant unto the Petitioner such deftors of the said Borough, and in open defiance of the relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet, kiv, and freedom of elections: And therefore praying Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consider-tnc House to take the premises into consideration, and to ation upon Thursday, the 30th day of December next, at grcnt him such relief therein as to the House, upon exami- three of the clock in the Afternoon.

token, Hull seem meet. Order, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consider- warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Kion upon Thursday, the 23d clay of December next, at thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing ')1C lame time rhat the former Petition of John Agnew, of the matter of the said Petition.

Ljmre, is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or A Petition of Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, LI (Verm! warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Esquires, was read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, tiio'jglu necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of and the Honourable John Elliot, and the Honourable Mr'shfVfdan ffie matter of the said Petition. William Elliot, Esquire, were Candidates at the late Elec- aiul

tion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough Mr‘ °6‘lvi€*

t Then Ihe names of the places to, which the residue of' of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, held on or about •‘■e laid Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the 6th day of July 1802; and that a majority of the

the last Clals mentioned in the Resolution of the House persons entitled to vote at the said election duiy tendered

(f Wednesday last) were put into the glass at the Table, to the Mayor of the said Borough (who acted as the Re-and drawn by the Clerk in the following order: turning Officer) their votes for the Petitioners at such

l C' A Petition of General Sir Hector Munro, of Novar, election, which votes the said Mayor took upon himself,

Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, was without lawful or sufficient cause, to disallow and reject;

*ca<l; setling forth, That at the late Election of a Repre- and that the Petitioners ought to have been returned duly Lntaiive, or Burgess, to serve in the present Parliament for elected to lerve in Parliament as Burgesses for the said me Class or District of Boroughs, confuting of Invernef, Borough, notwithstanding the said Mayor has returned Fortrofe, Nairn, and Forres, in that part of the United the said Honourable John Elliot and the said Honourable

Vol. 5g, 1 H -

26

26" Novemhris.

A. 1802.

William Elliot as duly elected to serve in Parliament for their franchises now of force in Ireland., no pert'on, how-the said Borough, and to the great injury of the Petitioners; loever in other respects entitled, ought to claim or to be and that the Petitioners frequently required of the Mayor admitted to* the freedom of the 1'aid City, unlei's at the of the said Borough, acting as such Returning Officer, to time of such claim or admission he is residing and inha-produce any Act of Parliament, charter, or grant of the biting within the said City or the liberties thereof; and elective franchise, if any such there was, by which it would that the election of a Member to serve in Parliament for appear an exclusive right was vested in the Corporation, the said City commenced on the 24th day of July lait, but which he declined; and that the Petitioners also de- Samuel Morgan, Esquire, being then the Mayor of the said manded of the said Mayor to produce and read the last City, and John Denis and Edward Weeks, Esquires, then determination of the House in respect to the said Borough, Sheriffs of the said City, and as such the Rsturning Officers if any such there was, but which he also refused; and that at such election; and that William Congreve A!cock, Esquire, ,the said Mayor admitted divers persons to vote for the and the Petitioner, were the only Candidates; and that, said Honourable John Elliot and William Elliot at the said by the undue means herein after mentioned, the said William

late election of Members to serve in PaWiament for the said Borough of Liskeard, who were not entitled to vote at the said election: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such relief as the justice of the case may require, and as they are entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consider-

Congreve- Alcock obtained a majority of thirty-one votes on the poll, which continued sixteen days, at the close of which poll the number of admitted votes for the said William Congreve Alcock was declared to be 471, and for the Petitioner 44O, whereupon the said William Congreve Alcock was returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said City in prejudice of the Petitioner (who was duly

ation uponTuefday, the 4th day of January next, at three elected and ought to have been returned) and of t he legal

of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, of warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of -ford. Baronet, was read; setting forth, That the said City

Waterford City

Election—

o(sir of Waterford is of great extent, population, and commerce, jo n ewpor. anj {|iat Ereemen and Freeholders thereof return one

electors of the said City, and in open defiance of the law and freedom of elections; and that the said William Congreve Alcock and the Petitioner are members of the aforesaid Council or Corporation of the said City, and that the majority of the said Council, with the Mayor who prelkles therein, have been for several months pall completely under the influence and dominion of the said Congreve , which influence, by him unduly exerted, has induced the said Council to commit many iliegai and unwarrantable acts in order to procure his return at the Member to represent that City in the Imperial Parliament; said election to the prejudice of the Petitioner; and that :and that by various Letters Patent granted by their late accordingly the said Council, for the purpose atoiesaid, in Majesties King Charles the First and King Charles the compliance with the willies of the said William Congreve Second, and others his Majesty’s predecessors Kings of Alcock, have at divers meetings held since the 20th day of ■England and Ireland, their laid Majesties did order, will, January 1802, illegally and improperly assumed and exer-grant, and appoint, that the City of Waterford should for cifed the power of admitting by favour to the freedom of ever thereafter be a free City of itself; and the said char- the said City several hundred persons not resident or inters also give, grant, and ordain, that the Citizens of the habiting therein, and therefore not entitled or admissible laid City, as also the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens of the to the fame, the persons lo admitted being, as the Pcti-county of the said City, and all and Angular the citizens, tioner begs leave to represent, the zealous friends of the inhabitants, and residents within the said City and the Li- said William Congreve Alcock, and previously pledged to berties thereof, shall be for ever one Body Corporate and vote for him on the said election, and created lor that Politick; and that the said charters, or some or one of particular purpose and occasion and that by the 29th them, also grant and give to the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citi- section of the 29th chapter of an Act of Parli unent, zens of the said City, certain great customs called Coquet, passed in Ireland in the 35th year of His present Majesty’s arising in the said City, saving and reserving to the Crown reign, it is enacted, That no person shall vote as a freeman the Little Custom (that is to say) the payment of three- at the election ot a Member to serve in Parliament, whole pence in the pound for all merchandizes imported and freedom shall not have come to him by service, birthright, exported, to be paid by alien merchants only, and not by or marriage, unless admitted or his freedom granted to the citizens of Waterford; and also laving and reserving him six calendar months at least before the telle of the the custom or subsidy of Poundage (that is to say) the writ for holding such election, by force whereof the payment of twelve pence in the pound for all merchandize friends of the said William Congreve Alcock, who had been imported and exported, to be paid as well by merchants so admitted to their freedom by special favour within fix who sure natural-born subjects as alien merchants, but the months before the telle of the writ for holding the said citizens and inhabitants of Waterford who are or shall be last election, being disqualified, and the said William -free of the said City by right of birth, marriage, or appren- greve Alcock well knowing that the Petitioner had the ticehood, and dwelling within the said City or County of support of an unquestionable majority of legal freemen, a the said City, and not otherwise, ®r in any other manner Council was held on the 23d day of July last, long after excepted; and that the right of admitting persons qualified the writ to hold the election had issued, and the very day to be admitted to the freedom of the said City is veiled before the poll commenced, wherein one hundred and six in the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens, in council assembled, persons, the friends of the said William Congreve Alcock, the said City having been incorporated by the name of were admitted to their freedom for the express purpose of the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens of the City of Waterford; serving the said William Congreve Alcock by their votes on and that the right of voting on the election of a Repre- the said election, and for that occasion merely, in proof fentative to serve in Parliament for the City of Waterford whereof the Petitioner Iheweth, that on the said 23d day is vested in the freemen and freeholders thereof; and that of July many persons who had been previously admitted the Sheriffs of the said City for the time being are the to their freedom by special favour, and between whole Returning Officers at such elections; and that the Council admission and the telle of the writ six months had not confills of forty members, viz. of nineteen Aldermen, of elapsed, were re-admitted as of right on spurious and whom the Mayor is one, and of twenty-one Common- fabricated claims, in order to bring them within the councilmen, of whom the Sheriffs are two; and that the exception of the aforesaid section of the statute; and the Mayor for the time being is an integral part of such Petitioner further Iheweth, that persons not residing in the Council; and that the resident fons and fons in law of said City, whose. petitions had been previously rejected freemen of the said City, and persons who had served a because of their non-residence, were at the said Council, regular apprenticeship within the same to freemen thereof, held on the said 23d day of July, then admitted as of such persons being resident therein, are of right entitled to right; and the said Council were so zealous to promote their freedom; but that by the letter, spirit, and object of the views of the said William Congreve Alcock as to admit the charters of the said City, by its ancient usages and those in' his interest, claiming on any pretence of right, culioms, and by the several Statutes relating to cities and however ridiculous or absurd, and several persons were

then

43 Geo. III.

26° Novembris.

27

then admitted to their freedom under derivative titles, in did at the said election tender their votes for the Petitioner right of birth, marriage, and apprenticeship, before the to the said Returning Officers, who illegally rejected their original titles under whom they respectively claimed were laid votes, and refused to receive them on the poll on be-completed; and that many persons claiming in right of half of the Petitioner, contrary to the rights, and in de-apprenticeship, served to the Most Noble the Marquis of fiance of the law and freedom of election, and to the pre-Waterford in various parts of Ireland, to learn the art of judice of the Petitioner, and the legal firanchife of the muk, were, upon the said 23d day of July last, impro- eledors of the said City; and that the said Returning perly enrolled among the freemen of the said City; that Officers also illegally rejected the votes of several other most of those occasional freemen were non-residents; that freemen and freeholders of the said City on behalf of the the claims of all of them were either unfounded or unin- Petitioner, on pretence of minority, or defect in the form veftigated; which illegal conduct of the Council, in ad- of their admissions, want of qualifications, and undue remitting non-residents, and in creating occasional voters as giftry, all which pretences were utterly false and ground-aforesaid, was highly prejudicial to the Petitioner, and the less; and the Petitioner Iheweth, that independent of legal electors of the said City, at the said last election; objections to individual votes given for the said William and that the said John Denis and Edward Weeks, Etquires, 'Congreve Alcock, the Petitioner conceives that, on every the Sheriffs of the said City, and Returning Officers as possible view of this cale, the Petitioner was legally entitled aforesaid, illegally received the bad votes of persons, ille- to the return; for if the votes of all the non-resident free-gally admitted and created as aforesaid, for the said William men, who were illegally received on the poll on behalf of the Congnve Alcock, and also illegally permitted minors and laid William Congreve Alcock, were struck off, there would freeholders, who had not duly registered, and persons who remain a majority in favour of the Petitioner; or if all the pretended to be freeholders and Roman Catholics, not persons unduly, partially, and occasionally, admitted to producing a legal and proper certificate of qualifications, their freedom upon the said 23d day of July last, and to vote at the said election, on behalf of and for the said whole votes were illegally received on the poll on behalf William Congreve Alcock; and the Petitioner Iheweth, that of the said were struck off, the

in consequence of the aforesaid partial and illegal conduct Petitioner would have a majority of forty-six; or if all the of the said Council, so injurious to the rightful electors of persons clearly entitled to their freedom, who had peti-the said City, a motion was made on their behalf in His tioned in due time to be admitted upon the corporation Majesty’s court of King’s Bench in Ireland, in the month of books, and who exerted themselves to have their claims

February' 1802, for liberty to file an information, in the nature of a writ of Quo Warranto, against the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens of the said City> to shew by what authority they Claimed to admit persons not residing or inhabiting therein, to the freedom of the said City; and that a conditional order was then obtained, when, after great delay on the part of the Corporation, cause Was shewn against making the same absolute, which cause the Court thought fit to disallow, and made the said rule ablb-lute; and though the information has been filed since the month of June last, it has not as yet been pleaded to by the council, nor has it deterred or prevented them from proceeding in the illegal manner complained of; and the Petitioner further Iheweth, that the aforesaid Council have also illegally refuted to admit many persons to their freedom who claimed to be admitted, in the several rights of birth, marriage, and servitude, and were then actually refilling within the said City, or the liberties thereof; and who, in support of such rights, had, according to the usual and known customs of the said City, previously presented their petitions, claiming to be admitted to the freedom of the said City, to Samuel, Morgan, Esquire, then Mayor, who illegally rejected, or declined to examine, such petitions and claims, although repeatedly called upon by them and by the Petitioner, and other members of the Corporation in council, to take the fame into consideration; and the Petitioner further Iheweth, that, in consequence of the conduct of the said Mayor and Council, in rejecting or declining to investigate the petitions and claims of many persons legally, and of right entitled to their freedom, and who had demanded the fame, according to the usage and custom of the said City, writs of Mandamus were obtained from His Majesty’s court of King’s Bench in Ireland, and served upon the Mayor in the months of June and July last, in order to compel the admission of the several persons, who had respectively sued out such writs, to their freedom, but without, effect, their admission being hitherto withheld by the Mayor and Council, through the aforesaid undue influence of the said William Congreve Alcock; and that the Council, on the aforesaid 23d day of July last, and on several preceding council*days, peremptorily refused to take into consideration the petitions of rightful claimants fu duly presented, or to attend to the several writs of Mandamus which, previous thereto, were in the hands of the Mayor, commanding them to admit and swear the several persons named therein; and that a great number of persons, who were of right entitled to their freedom, who had duly petitioned and claimed to be admitted to fame, and many of whom had also sued out writs of Mandamus as aforesaid, commanding their admission, and * of whom had previously offered to perform the usual vcquifites, and pay the usual fees, upon such admissions, Vot, 58.

considered by the Councils which fat previous to the election, or who had sued out writs of Mandamus to compel their admission, and who tendered their votes for the Petitioner, had been received upon the poll, the Petitioner Would have a majority of sixty-five; and the Petitioner further Iheweth, that the said William Congreve Alcock, by himself and his agents, after the dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the writ for the said election, and previous to and during the poll, yras guilty of bribery, corruption, and undue influence, and did unduly pervert the powers and patronage of the Corporation to election purposes, in order to procure himself to be returned as the person duly elected; and the Petitioner therefore fub-mits to the House, that the said election and return of the said William Congreve Alcock is an illegal election and return, and that the Petitioner was entitled to be returned as the legal representative of the said City of Waterford':

And therefore praying, that he may be heard by his counsel, touching the several allegations and matters complained of in this his Petition, and have such relief in the premisesas to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 6th day of January next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Henry Meade Ogle, of the Town of Drag- Drogheda heda, Esquire, was read; setting forth. That a writ having issued for electing a Burgess to represent the County of Mr!'ogle° the Town of Drogheda in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland for that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, Edward Hardman, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Town rand that the election commenced on the 20th day of July last, and, during the poll, several persons who had no freeholds in the County of the said Town, nor were freemen thereof, and several others whose freeholds were not of the yearly value required by Law, and several persons otherwise legally disqualified from voting at laid election, were permitted to poll for the said Edward Hardman-, by which means, and the other undue and corrupt means herein after mentioned, a fiditious majority, amounting to five, appeared on the Sheriffs books in favour of the said Edward Hardman, against the Pet it ioner, whereupon the said Sheriffs did declare the said Edward Hardman duly elected; and that the said Edward Hardman, by himself, his friends, and agents, and persons employed by them, were, after the difsolution of the last Parliament, and after the teste and ifi'uing of the said writ for holding the said election, and

26

26a JVovembris.

A. 1802.

previous to and during the poll, guilty of bribery and cor- by Law* by the bribery, corruption, and illegal practices-ruption in procuring of votes, and in prevailing on persons of the said Edward his known friends and agents,

to forbear to give their votes, and in attempting to bribe to procure a majority of votes upon the poll in his favour, and corrupt those who had a right to vote, in order to the Petitioners have been greatly aggrieved, and the procure himself to be returned as duly elected, and, by dom of election and the law and conllitution of Parlia-threats, menaces, and promises, procured the votes of many ment grol'sly violated: And therefore praying the House persons who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; to hear the Petitioners in support of their allegations, and and that the said Edward Hardman, by himself, his friends, afford them redress, by amending the Sheriffs return of and agents, and persons employed by them, and by other Edward Hardman as ltcpresentative for said Town, by ex-ways and means, did, after the dilsolution of the said laffc punging his name from laid Return, and inferring therein Parliament, and after the telle and issuing of the writ for the name of the said Henry Meade who the Petitioners holding the said election, give, present, and allow to, and aver was duly elected to represent the said Town in this provide for, divers electors of the said County of the said present Parliament, and to grant the Petitioners such fur-Town, and other persons who had or claimed a right to ther relief as to the House shall seem meet, vote on the said election for the said County of the said That the said Petition be taken into considera-

Town, meat, drink, entertainment, reward, and provision, tion at the same time that the lall preceding Petition shall in order to procure him the said Edward Hardman to be be taken into consideration.

" ..... That Mr. Speaker do iff ue his warrant, or war-

rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

elected for the said County of the said Town, in open defiance of the Law, and contrary to the import and spirit of the Statute enacted for preventing such practices: And therefore praying, that the said return of the said Edward Hardman may be deemed null and void, and that the Petitioner may be declared duly elected to represent the said Town in the said United Parliament of Britain and Ireland, and that the Petitioner may have such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of Hereford, and who voted for the Election of Members thereof, was read; setting forth, That in pursuance of a requisition to the Sheriff of the County of Hereford, signed by several

Here fort! County ElcJnon— Pitiricrn of Freeholders

•TVor^lieila.

Election—

Petition of Freemen.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into conficle-Tation upon Tuesday, the nth day of January next, at Freeholders thereof, he appointed a meering of the Iree-three of the clock in the Afternoon. holders of the la'd County, to be held in the County Ha

in the City of Hereford, on Friday, the 25th day of June, A Petition of the thereundersigned Freemen and Free- 1802, for the purpose of taking into consideration what holders of the County of the Town of Drogheda, in that persons were proper to represent them in the then next part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland eniuing Parliament, due notice of which meeting was given called Ireland, on behalf of themselves and other Electors by the said Sheriff by adverrilements inserted in the news-of the said Town, was also read; setting forth. That the papers printed and circulated in the said County; and late election for a Burgess to represent the County of the that, in consequence of such requisition, a meeting was Town of Drogheda in the present Parliament of said United called and held at the Town Hall in the said City of Kingdom, commenced before the Sheriffs of the County ford, on the said 25th day of June, which was attended by of t he said Town on the 20th day of July lait, when Henry most of the persons who had signed the said requisition, Meade Ogle and Edward Hardman, Esquires, were Candi- and numeroufiy by other persons also freeholders of the , dates to represent the fame; and that many persons claim- said County of Hereford-, and that at this meeting Sir ing to have a right to vote at the said election, who were George Baronet, was proposed by the Honour-

disqualified by Law from exercising the elective franchise, able Andrew Foley, and seconded by Richard Payne , and several persons, who were not freeholders nor freemen, Esquire; and Robert Esquire, was

and others, whose freeholds were not of the yearly value proposed by Evedale Price, Esquire, and leconded by the required by Law, were admitted to poll in favour of said Reverend Mr. Roberts; and that at this meeting it was re-Edward Hardman; and that the said Edward Hardman, solved by the freeholders of the said County present, that by himself, his friends, and agents, anti persons employed Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, and Robert Bid-

by them, were, after the diflblution of the late Parliament, dulph, Esquire, were proper persons to represent the said and after the telle and ilfuing of the writ for holding the County in the then eniuing Parliament; and that the Pc-laid election, and previous to, and during the poll, guilty titioners, relying on the relult of the said meeting, and of bribery and corruption in procuring of votes, and in particularly on the apparent acquielcence of John Geers prevailing on persons to forbear to give their votes, and in Cotterell, Esquire, expressed at a meeting on the fame day attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to numeroufiy attended, at which were present the said Sheri rote, in order to procure himself to be returned as duly and the two Candidates, the said Sir George elected, and by threats, menaces, and promises, procured Baronet, and Robert Myddleton Esquire, and the votes of many persons, who otherwise would have voted many Gentlemen, freeholders of the said for the said Henry Meade Ogle; and that the said Edward and where the said John Geers , Esquire,

Hardman, by himself, his friends, and agents, and persons tulated the two Candidates, the said Sir George Cornewall employed by them, and by other ways and means, did, and Robert Myddleton Esquire, and joined in the

after -the dillblution of the said last Parliament, and after satisfaction expressed by the persons present at the said the tcfle and issuing of the writ for holding the said dec- meeting, that no opposition was likely to ensue, did not tion, give, present, and allow to, and provide for divers takemealures to counteract alolicitation and canvals which electors of the said County of the said Town, and other (the Petitioners have since learnt) were lecrctly carried on persons, who had, or claimed, a right to vote on the said by the friends and adherents of the said John Geers Cotterell, elc&ion for the said County of the said Town, meat, drink, Esquire; and that the said John Geers Cotterell, Esquire, entertainment, reward, and provision, in order to procure not content with these advantages, did by himself and his him the said Edward Hardman to be elected for the said agents and managers, and by other ways and means, on his County of the said Town, in open defiance of the Law, behalf, and at his charge, at and during the election of and contrary to the import and spirit of the Statute members of this present Parliament for the said County of enacted for preventing such practices; and that, by the Hereford, began and held at the said City of Hereford on laid corrupt and illegal practices and means, a majority of the 14th day of July 1802, and after the telle of the voters, amounting to five, appeared on the Sheriffs book writ for the said election of Members of this present Par-jn favour of the said Edward Hardman again!! the said liament for the said County of Hereford, in violation and Henry Meade Ogle, whereupon the said Sheriffs did declare defiance of the Law and custom of Parliament, and of the the said Edward Hardman duly elected, although it will Standing Order or Orders of the House, and evidently appear that the said Henry Meade Ogle was duly fiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this king-elcded; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, dom made for preventing charge and expence on Elciftions that, by the admission of persons to vote at said election in . of Members to lerve in Parliament, and also in defiance uvour of the said Edward Hardman, who were disqualified and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom.

ft;

\ Ay l

made

"h

"A

■*.,*

‘9

43 Geo. Ill*

26°—29° Novembris.

29

..t-i

made for the more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament, give, present, and allow to clivers persons having votes in such‘ election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainment, and make promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainment, to and for such per-

41 ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to order, ions, and to and for the ule, advantage, benefit, emolu- a Bill for further suspending the operation of two Acts, preienud* ment, profit, and preferment of such person and persons, made in the 15th and x 7th years of the reign of His prein order to be elected, and that the said John Geers Cotterell lent Majesty, for restraiiiing the Negociation of Promissory might be elected a Member to serve in the said present Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited sum, within Parliament for the said County of Hereford; and also did that part of Great Britain called England: And the fame give money, and other rewards byway of gift, and did agree was received; and read the first ti, me.

~ " c. * t* * ReJ'olvThat the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, ten of the clock.

Lunes, 29° die Novembris; Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 180*.

and contract for money, gifts* and other rewards, to divers persons having votes in such election, to give their votes to and for him the said John Geers Cotter ell at the said election, and to refuse and forbear to give their votes for the said Robert Myddleton Biddulph at the said election j and also did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and security for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons, having votes ip such election, to give their votes to the said John Geers Cotterell at the said election, and to forbear to give their votes to the said Robert Myddleton Biddulph at the said election; and that the said John Geers Cotterell thereby, and by various other ways and means, was guilty of bribery and corruption, and of treating at and during the said election, and previous to the fame, and after the telle of the writ for the fame; and the said election of the said John Geers Cotterell was therefore Prayers.

contrary to Law, and was and is, to all intents and pur- A PETITION of Henry Andrews, Esquire, Lord of KirM>y*cur

poles, entirely null and void; and that under the above jLJl the Manor of in the County of

Hated circumstances, the Petitioners complain of the said Lincoln, and a considerable Proprietor of Lands there; and Petition, election and return, and conceive themselves thereby highly of George William Thorpe, junior, and others,

aggrieved: And therefore pray that the House will take Proprietors Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the premises into consideration, and grant such relief the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings,

Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkby-cum-Ofgodby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and dispersed in small parcels* and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the cultivation thereof difficult and expensive; but, if the warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be fame were divided and allotted amongst the several persons thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of interested, and such allotments inclosed, they might be the matter of the said Petition. much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may

Memorandum: be given to bring in a Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the improve, the said Lands and Grounds, and for other be-trials of controverted elections, or returns of Mem- neficial purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Gilbert Heathcote and Mr. Chaplin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

therein as to the House shall seem meet, and as the circumstances of the case shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 13 th day of January next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

bers to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

:i -cfcfihe

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg ng .... The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- the Powers of an made in the 33d year of the i«n ^fora solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and rW' of the motion, made yesterday. That a Supply be keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, granted to His Majesty { through to within the Pa- '

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to rish in the County of Worcester, and other

both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Com- Roads therein mentioned: And the fame was received;

i'-'icf

and read the first time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a second time.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue and

Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the fame were delivered in at the Table.

And the names of the places to which the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House of Wednesday last) were put into the glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following order r A Petition of Sir William Manners, was read; flehefter

setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to I, E'.efHonT

/• « - — - Petition of

mittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they1 had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Maltsters of the Town of Waif all, and

'ts vicinity; And also, ......

A Petition of the Maltsters resident in the County of serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ilchefie?, in the wafer; County of Thomas Plummer, William Hunter, Man*

Here severally presented to the House, and read; Esquires, the Petitioner, CompJaining of certain hardships which the Peti- Inn, in the County of Esquire, were Candidates

boners alledge they labour under in the making of for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Plummer Malt, in consequence of-two Ads, passed in the and William Hunter, by ihemselves and their agents, after

Vol. 58. I the

vjiOOj^l.0

Knit Grinded Election— Petition of Mr. Frost.

30

Q9° Novembris.

A. 1802.

the difiblution of the last Parliament, and after the teste being granted, and taken before the said Bailiff, a majority of and issuing of the writ for the election of Members to of legal votes was polled for, or tendered, in favour of the serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to Petitioner, over the said Sir Henry Strue hey and Daniel and during the poll for such election, were guilty of brib- and die Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have ing, corrupting, and entertaining of the voters, and did been returned one of the Burgesses for the said Town and give, present, and allow to certain electors of the said Bo- Borough of Grinjied; but the said Bailiff admitted rough, and to several persons who had, or claimed a right several illegal, (plit, and occasional votes in favour of the to vote in the election for the fame Borough, meat, drink, said Sir Henry Baronet, and Daniel Esquire,

and reward, entertainment and provision, in order to pro- and rejected many legal votes which were tendered in cure them the said Thomas Plummer and William Hunter, favour of the Petitioner, and hath returned the said Sir to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Henry Strachey, Baronet, and Daniel Giles, Esquire, as the in open defiance of the Laws; and that some of the per- two persons duly elected to serve in Parliament as Burgesses fons who were permitted to vote and poll for the said for the said Town and Borough of East; and that

Thomas Plummer and William Hunter at the said election the said Sir Henry , Baronet, and Daniel,

were not legally qualified to vote, and ought to have been Esquire, by themselves, or their agents and friends, pre-rejected; and that many persons duly qualified to vote, who vious to and during the election, were guilty of many tendered to vote for the Petitioner and the said James undue, illegal, unwarrantable, and corrupt practices, and Graham, were rejected, though they ought to have been thereby procured themselves to be returned, in prejudice admitted to vote; and many other electors, duly qualified of the Petitioner, and in violation of the rights and pri-to vote, were prevented voting for the Petitioner and the vileges of the electors of the said Town and Borough of laid James Graham, by bribery, corruption, and threats; East Grinjied: And therefore praying, that the House will and that, previous to and during the said'election, the said take the premises into consideration, and grant him such

Thomas Plummer and William Hunter, and their agents, did relief therein as to the House shall seem just,

give and distribute several large sums of money to several Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confide-of the voters of the said Borough, who had, or claimed a ration upon Tuesday, the 8th day of February next, at

right to vote at the said election, in order to corrupt and three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his warrant, or

warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

procure them to vote for the said Thomas Plummer and William Hunter at the said election; and that the said Thomas Plummer and William Hunter, and their agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious acts of bribery and corruption; and that many of the persons who voted for the said Thomas Plummer and William Hunter were in-

A Petition of Boyd Alexander, Esquire, of Southbar, was Ghfgo#,

duced so to do by bribery and corruption, whole votes read; letting forth, that the Royal Burghs of Glasgow, ought, therefore, to be rejected and dilallowed; and that Rutherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, form one of the mVai£x° by the means aforesaid, and by other illegal and unwarrant- Districts of Royal Burghs in Scotland, which elect and lend aDdor* able practices and proceedings of the said Thomas Plummer a representative to Parliament; and that at the late election and William Hunter, and their agents, the said Thomas of a Representative in Parliament for the aforesaid Distriift Plummer and William Hunter procured a colourable majo- of Burghs, which took place at Dumbarton, the presiding rity of votes upon the poll, and were returned to serve in Burgh, on the 30th day of July last, in this present year Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Peti- 1802, the Petitioner and Alexander Esquire, were

tioner and the said Jarpes Graham, who, as the Petitioner the only Candidates; and that the delegates from the conceived, had a great majority of the legal and uncor- Burghs of Glasgow and voted for the Petitioner,

rupted votes at the said election, and were duly elected, and the delegates from the Burghs of Rutherglen and Dum-

and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying barton voted for the said Alexander Houston, and the delegate Jj

the House to take the premises into consideration, and from the Burgh of Dumbarton, which on this occasion was

grant the Petitioner such relief therein as shall, upon exa- the returning or presiding Burgh, claiming a calling or ^.:

mination, appear to be just and proper. decisive vote, gave the fame in favour of the said Alexander

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confide-- Houston-, whereupon the Returning Officer declared the

ration upon Thursday, the 3d day of February next, at said Alexander Houston duly elected, and he has been re-three of the clock in the Afternoon. turned a Burgess or Commissioner to represent the said

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war- Didrift of Burghs of G/aJgow, Rutherglen, Renfrew, and rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Dumbarton, in this present Parliament; and that the Peti- '

tioner nevertheless conceives, and is adviled, that he was f •:

duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the 14

Commissioner or Representative to serve in Parliament for f

thought neccflliry, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Frojl, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in

the aforesaid Class or District of Burghs, because the election of the delegate for the Burgh of Dumbarton was Parliament for the Town and Borough of East Grinjied, in brought about, procured, and obtained in an illegal, in the County of Sussex, in the Town Hall of the said Borough, formal, and improper manner, the warrant or precept on the 7th day of July last, the Petitioner, Sir Henry issued by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the Strachey, Baronet, and Daniel Giles, Esquire, were Candi- County of Dumbarton, for the election of such Delegate dates to represent the fame in Parliament; and that the or Commissioner, having been issued in an illegal, informal, said Borough is an ancient Borough by prescription, and and improper manner, contrary to the rules, regulations, that the Inhabitants paying scot and lot, as well as the and practice of the common Law, and to the Statutes made Freeholders of the said Town and Borough, have right to and provided for regulating the election of Commissioners vote in elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the or Delegates to choole Burgesses to represent the Burghs of said Borough; and that at such election George Bankin, Scotland in the Parliament of this United Kingdom; in-senior, Esquire, the Bailiff, acted as Returning Officer for asmuch as the said precept, though issued in the name of the Town and Borough aforesaid with gross partiality in Sir of Lufs, Baronet, Sheriff Depute of

favour of the said Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet, and Daniel the said County, was subscribed not by him, without Giles, Esquire; and that at the said election a considerable whose authority or even knowledge the fame was issued, shew of hands appeared in favour of the Petitioner, yet but by John Gray his Substitute, in whose name the pre-the said George Bankin, regardless of the fame, as such Re- cept did not proceed; and therefore the vote of the Corn-turning Officer as aforesaid, declared the said shew of hands missioner or Delegate from the Burgh of Dumbarton ought to have been in favour of the said Sir Henry Strachey, not to have been received or reckoned in the aforesaid Baroftet, and the said Daniel Giles, Esquire; and on a poll election, held at Dumbarton as aforesaid, upon the 30th being demanded for and on behalf of the Petitioner, he day of July last, in this present year 1802; and that the was informed by the said Returning Officer, " that a poll Petitioner farther begs leave to state, that by the set or " for the Borough of East Grinjied was unusual and un- constitution and practice of the Burgh of Dumbarton, the customary;" but the fame, after some confutation, Magistrates and Common-council of the fipd Burgh consist 6 of

K

st*.

v

rlj

r\,

t

b,

;3fk

Cl'OD-

:i?r. ot Must.

43 Geo. III.

29" Novembris,

31

of a Provost, two Baillies, a Dean of Guild, a Treasurer, with ten other Counsellors, making in all fifteen persons; that by the law of Scotland, applicable to all corporations whose charter, set, or bye-laws do not fix a particular quorum as necessary to be prefen t at all corporate acts, and alsoby the Constant usage of all the Burghs in Scotland, the Burgh of Dumbarton in particular, no corporate act can be legally done or performed by the said Magistrates and Common-council, unless where a majority of the aforesaid fifteen persons (/'. e. eight at least) attend and are present in the meeting when such ad is done, performed, or resolved on, eight at lealt of the said persons present being legally and duly qualified to vote in such ad; and that at iho meeting of the Magistrates and Common-council of the Burgh of Dumbarton, held on the 12th day of July Lift, for the purpose of eleding a Delegate or Commissioner for the said Burgh to meet with the other Delegates or Commissioners chosen for the other three Burghs aforesaid, for eleding a Representative to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Burghs, eight persons of the Magistrates and Council of the said Burgh of Dumbarton attended; but of these John was one; and he the said John MSas holding the office of deputy or clerk to the Postmaster of Dumbarton, was expressly disqualified from voting for a Delegate by

‘ ‘ * ' 1 <• »* n i n

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the loth day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of John Hamilton, F.squire, late Provost of Glasgovr, Glasgow, and Delegate for -that Burgh, and James Burns, Election— Esquire, Provost of Renfrew, and Delegate for that Burgh, ^entp""v°|js was also read; letting forth. That, at the late Election of of Glasgow a Representative in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Glasgow, Rut her glen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, in Scotland, which took piace at Dumbarton, the presiding Burgh, on the 30th day of July last, in this present year 1802*

Boyd Alexander, Esquire, of Southbar, and Alexander ton, Esquire, were the only Candidates; and that the Petitioners, the said John Hamilton, who was duly elected Commissioner or Delegate fur the said Burgh of G/afgow, and James Burns, who was duly elected Commissioner or Delegate for the said Burgh of Renfrew, voted for the said Boyd Alexander-, and certain persons, pretending to be Commissioners or Delegates for the said Burghs of glen and Dumbarton, voted for the said Alexander,

and such Delegate for the Burgh of Dumbarton, the then presiding Burgh, gave his calling voice in favour of the said Alexander Houfion; and the Petitioner, the said John Hamilton, as Delegate for Glasgow, the Burgh which, in the event of the election of the Delegate from

•—/ -----O' y

the said Magistrates and Common-council of Dumbarton who met and assembled, and were qualified to vote in the election of such Delegate or Commissioner, were only (even; and that not being a majority of the said Magistrates and Common-council of the said Burgh of

Dumbarton

the Act of the 22d of His present Majesty, chapter 41ft, being set aside, would, as the last returning Burgh, have and consequently from making one of the quorum necef- the calling vote, declared that, in that event, he gave his fary at such meeting, whereby the number of persons of calling vote for the said Boyd Alexander, and thereupon, ...... * ' " ■' *■ r' ' nevertheless the Returning Officer declared the said Alexander Houfion duly elected, and he has been returned as a Burgess or Commissioner to represent the said District of Burghs in this present Parliament; and that the precept issued by the Sheriff Depute, or Subftitufe, of -

ton, which confills of fifteen persons, the leven qualified shire, for the election of a Delegate for the Burgh of Dum-pciifons who attended and met for the purpose aforesaid, was issued in an illegal and informal manner, and

were incapable and incapacitated by law for eleding such the fame was null and void, in terms of the Statutes made Delegate or Commissioner to elect and choose a Represen- for regulating the issuing of such precepts; and that the tative to serve in Parliament for the above-mentioned Dif- elections of the Delegates for the said Burghs of Rulherglen trift of Burghs, notwithstanding whereof Robert Colquhoun and Dumbarton were brought about, procured, and ob-was, by the said leven persons so met and assembled, chosen tained, by bribery, treating, and other undue means, made Delegate or Commissioner for the said Burgh of Dum- by unqualified persons, or by meetings of the Councils of barton-, and ac mmission was granted to the said Robert the respective Burghs, not consisting of legal quorums, Colquhoun accordingly, and he the said Robert Colquhoun were illegal, and contrary to the Statutes made and pro-did attend at Dumbarton on the 30th day of July last, and vided for the regulating the elections of such Cominif-

j.-j ... r .. . o--—— sioners or Delegates; and the commissions pretended to

be given to the said persons severally were also illegal, informal, and ellentially defective, and on thele grounds the votes of the said Delegates for Rulherglen and Dum-* barton ought not to have been received at the said election* and that the Petitioners are therefore adviled, and conceive, that the said Alexander, for whom they voted, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Commissioner or Representative to serve in Parliament for the said Class or District of Burghs; And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into their consideration, to find that the said Boyd Alexander was duly elected, and grant them such relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into con lideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be other illegal, corrupt, and unconstitutional means and pro- thought, necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing ' ttedings, to the great hurt and prejudice of the Petitioner, of the matters of the said Petitions.

-----— — ...... J J u

(lid vote in the e'edion of the Burgess or Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Burghs of Glasgow, Rutkerg/en, Renfrew, and Dumbarton -, and that the Petitioner conceives, and is advised, that the said Robert Colquhoun was not duly and legally elected a Delegate or Commissioner from the said Burgh of Dumbarton in such manner as to enable him to vote in the election of a Burgess or Commissioner to represent and serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District ot Burghs of Glasgow, Rulherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton-, notwithstanding whereof, and an pbjedion and protest by the Petitioner °n the above grounds, the said Robert did vote,

and his vote was by the Returning Officer received and reckoned in the election of a Burgess or Commissioner to ^present and Ferve in Parliament for the aforesaid District ®f Burghs of Glasgow, Rulherglen, Renfrew, and

and that the above-mentioned election and return of the aforesaid Alexander Houfion has been brought about, procured, and obtained in manner aforesaid, and by various

who therefore prays the House to take his Petition into consideration, to allow him to be heard by his counfol thereon, and to resolve and declare that the aforesaid Alexander Houfion has been improperly, illegally, and un-

A Petition of Peter Isaac Thelluffon and George Woodford okebmptom Thellujfon, was read; letting forth, That at the last Elec- Eietfion—,

...... __ _ tion of Members to serve in this Parliament for the

tonftitufionaliy elected and returned a Burgess or Com- Borough of in the County of Devon, which tu/lbn.

missioner to serve as a Representative in Parliament for began on Thursday the 8th day of July 1802, the Peti-<he aforesaid District of Burghs of Glasgow, Rulherglen, tioners and Henry Holland the younger, and James Strange,

Dr - - - -- ... ... were Candidates; and that the Petitioners were duly

elected, and ought in justice to have been returned as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; but that John Colling, then Mayor and Repent__________Parliament for the aforesaid District of Burghs of turning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in

Cjlfgm, Rulherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, and to give favour of the said Henry Holland and James Strange, ad-& Petitioner such other farther relief as to the House mitring many persons to poll for them who had no right ffia IIappear pr0ner find necessary, * to YOte * the said election, and rejeding many persons

Vol. (8. wio t

I.0

---vivittiU -UMlUflL Vi JLMJJgU^ KJS

Rtofrnv, and Dumbarton, and to resolve and declare that Petitioner was duly, legally> and constitutionally deded, and ought to have been returned as the Burgess 01 Commissioner, and to serve as a Representative in this

n »- - . ^ n —l---C

32

29° JVovcmbris.

A: 1802.

Okehampton j Elect ion-Petition of EJe&ors.

Harwich Election-^ Petition of Mr. Adam*.

who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the tioner; and that at the said poll the said Thomas Petitioners, by means whereof, and of other undue and the said Mayor and Returning Officer, partially, illegally, illegal practices of the Returning Officer, and of the said and wrongfully, admitted and received, for the said Thomas Henry Holland and James Strange, the said Henry Holland the votes of many persons who had no right to vote

and James Strange are returned as duly elected, to the at the said election; and that, by thele and other corrupt, prejudice of the Petitioners; and that the said Henry undue, illegal, and unwarrantable means and practices, a Holland and James Strange were guilty of many acts of pretended and colourable majority of votes was obtained bribery and corruption, and other undue and illegal prac- at the said election for the said Thomas Myers over the Pe-tices, in the course of the said election of Members for titioner, and the said Thomas Myers hath been returned as the said Borough, by means whereof an illegal and colour- duly elected, although the majority of legal votes at the able majority appeared in favour of the said Henry Holland said election, including those (o tendered for the Petitioner, and James Strange, who, under pretence thereof, were by and rejected as aforesaid, was in favour of the Petitioner the said Mayor declared duly elected, and as such returned over the said Thomas , and the Petitioner was duly by him to the said Sheriff: And therefore praying, that elected, and ought to have been returned as duly elected: the premises may be taken into consideration, and that And therefore praying the House to take the premises into such relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioner such relief House shall seem meet. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera- , That the said Petition be taken into considera-

tion upon Tuesday, the 15th day of February next, at tion upon Thursday, the 17th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon. three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Thomas Hawkes, John tVard, John Fine- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war?

combe, George Brown, William Seymour, Simon Tucker, Simon rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Brock, Richard Paltridge, and Thomas Cornish, Electors of thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of

the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, was the matter of the said Petition.

also read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, which began on Thursday the 8th of July 1802, Peter Isaac George fVoodford ThelluJJon, Henry Holland the younger,

and James Strange, were Candidates; and that the said Peter Isaac Thellujfon and George fVoodford Thelluffon were duly elected, and ought in justice to have been returned as Members to reprel'ent the said Borough in this present Parliament, but that John Colling, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in ' favour of the said Henry Holland and James Strange, admitting many persons to poll for them who had no right to vote at the said election, and rejecting many persons who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the said Peter Isaac Thellujfon and George fVoodford Thellujfon, by means whereof, and of other undue and illegal practices of the Returning Officer, and of the said Henry Holland and James Strange, the said Henry Holland and James Strange are returned as duly elected, to the prejudice of the said Peter Isaac ThelluJ'on and George fVoodford Thellujfon; and that the said Henry Holland and James Strange were guilty

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controveried elections, or returns of Mem?, bers to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Mr. Alexander, according to order, reported from the Report fron Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the motion, made upon Thursday last, That foraSuppij a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at r

the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as;

followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion or this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a

of many acts of bribery and corruption, and other undue c° , . , . u

and illegal practices in the course of the said election of UW r/ . .1 -° 0 ‘S r n w n r •«. a* f .1 d 1 u , c RefolThat this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-.

Members for the said Borough, by means whereof an J ...... - - J * —■

illegal and colourable majority appeared in favour of the said Henry Holland and James Strange, who under pretence

thereof, were by the said Mayor declared duly elected,

ing next, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy Estimates,; and. as such returned by him to the said Sheriff, to the' for the year 1803, with an Estimate of the Half Pay great violation of the rights of the Petitioners and of the Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Royal' fjavy.^ ° laid Borough: And therefore praying, that the premises Marines, as were employed in the last War, belaid before may be taken into consideration, and that such relief may this House. ' '

he granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may Extra N*v*: meet. be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs*'

Qtdered, That the said Petition be taken into confident- of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra’ tion at the same time that the last preceding Petition Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon ’ shall be taken into consideration. the heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the year'

, Ordered,'That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or 1803, be laid before this House. warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge'for Guards, Guards*nc ' thought necessary, by the several parties,'on the hearing Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the year 1803, be Gan-ifons. < . of the matters of the said Petitions. laid before this House. ' r

Ott/er*/, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office Ordnance. A Petition of James Adams, Esquire, was read; setting of Ordnance for Land Service, for the year 2803, be laid - ’v forth, That at the last Election for Members to serve in before this House.

Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and Service* in,

of Essex, the Petitioner and John Robinfvn, Esquire, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Thomas Myers, Esquire, were Candidates to serve in Par- Ordered, That an Estimate of the probable Expence of for. liament for the said Borough; and that at the poll, taken the Transport Service, for the year 1803, be laid before Tnnsport . at the said election before Thomas Boston, Esquire, the this House. Service,

Mayor of the said Borough, and the Returning Officer at Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His the said election, the said Thomas Boston, the said Mayor Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc-and Returning Officer, partially, illegally, and wrongfully, tions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the rejected the votes of many persons who had a right to said Estimates and Account. G

vote at the said election, and who were ready and willing . Ordered, That the said Address be presented. to His to have voted at the said election for the Petitioner, and Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His who tendered their votes at the said election for the Peti- Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Bill

rtfofl

M^’on

sass* I

43 Geo. III.

29° Novembris.

33

yfttBiil,

fn< limited srircfiving

item

k*itk*

A Bill for further suspending the operation of two Acts, ih this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough made in the 15th and 17th years of the reign of His pre- of Berwick , contrary to, and in defiance and

lent Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom, and Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum.'within particularly the Act for the more effectually preventing that part of Great Britain called England, was, according to bribery and corruption in the Election of Members to serve Order, read a iecond time. in Parliament; and that, by the aforesaid and other undue

Refuived, That the Biii be committed. and corrupt means, the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee unlawfully obtained a majority of votes over the Petitioner of the whole House. on the said poll, and were returned accordingly to'serve in

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the B; and that the said Thomas Hall had laid Bill. ' not, at the time of the said election, such an estate in Law

or Equity, for his own use and benefit, of and in lands, te-Resolved, That this House will not receive any Petitions nements, and hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected for private Bills alter the nth day of February next. and returned to serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of A Petition of Daniel Ord, Esquire, one of the Candi- Tw, according to the Law in that behalf made and

msTtetd ^tes (0 represent the Town and Borough of

Tweed at the last Election for Members to serve for the said Town and Borough in the present Parliament, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in this present

frfliofl" baa of ItOri.

provided, and that the said Thomas Hall was not, at the time of the said election, qualified or capable of being elected and returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed j and that the said John Fordyce had not, at the time of the Parliament for the Town and Borough of Berwick-upon- said eieftion, such an estate in Law or Equity, for his own

Tweed, Thomas Hall and John , Esquires, Sir John

Callander, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and that the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, by them-feives, and their respective agents and managers, after the dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the teste and

use and benefit, of and in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, according to the Law in that behalf made and provided, and that the said Johti the issuing out of the writ for the said election, and pre- Fordyce was not, at the time of the said election, qualified -vious to, and at and during the said election, and the poll or capable of being elected and returned to serve in this taken at the said election, by themselves, and by each of present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of them, and their and each of their agents and managers, Berwick-upon-Tweed; and that the said John Fordyce, being and by other ways and means, on the behalf and at the duly called upon before the said election to declare and charge of the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, and each make oath to his qualification to be elected a Member to of them, gave, and did give, present. and allow to the serve in Parliament for the said Borough of electors of the said Town and Borough, and the several Tweed, did, at the said election, declare and make oath, persons who had, or claimed to have a right to vote in the that he truly and bond jide had such an estate in Law of said election for the said Town and Borough, money, meat, Equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or in lands, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, tenements, or hereditaments (over and above what would gifts, rewards, and promises and engagements to give or satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might affect the allow meat, drink, provisions, presents, rewards, advantages, lame) of the annual value of Three hundred pounds above and entertainments, to and for several persons having or re prizes, as did qualify him to be elected and returned as a daiming right to vote in the said election, and to and for Member for the said Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, ac-the use, advantage, benefit, and profit of such persons so cording to the tenor and true meaning of the Act of Par-having or claiming a right to vote in the said election, in Jiament in that behalf, and that his laid J and, tenements, order to procure themselves, the said Thomas Hall and or hereditaments, were lying and being in the Pari fir of J-h/tFordyce, to be elected Members to serve in this present Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, whereat Parliament for the said Town and Borough, in open de- the Petitioner alledges, that the said John Fordyce had not, fiance of the Law, and contrary to, and in defiance of, the at the time of the said election, such an estate in Law or Statutes of this kingdom, and of the Rules and Standing Equity, to or for his own use or benefit, of or in lands, te-Orders of this House in that case made and provided; and nements, or hereditaments (over and above what would td-1 that the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, previous to, satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might affect the and at and during the said election, and the poll taken fame) of the said annual value of Three hundred, pounds at the said election, by themselves, and their respective above reprizes, lying and being in the said Parish of Saint agents and managers, and others on their behalf, were, and George the Martyr, in the said County of Surrey-, all which each of them was guilty of bribery and corruption, and of premises, the Petitioner represents, are contrary to Law, attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to of evil example, highly injurious to the Petitioner, and to vote in the said election, and persons claiming to have a the franchises of the lawful Electors of the said Town and nght to vote in the said eieftion, in order to procure them- Borough; and he therefore apprehends, and submits to , . fe'Vts, the said Thomas Hall&nd John Fordyce, to be returned the House, that the said election and return of the said " persons duly elected Members to serve in the present Thomas Hall and John Fordyce are an undue election and Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick- return, and that the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce are ,lion'Tweed; and that the said Thomas Hall and John For-disabled and incapable to fit in Parliament under such tyt, previous to, and at and during the said election, by election and return, and hopes that the fame will be themselves, their agents, managers, and others on their be- deemed by the House wholly null and void: And

of and each of them the said Thomas Hall and John For- fore praying, that the House will take the Petitioner’s case "W, by himself, his agents, managers, and others on his into consideration, and will grant him such relief

Wulf.did, by gifts, rewards, promises, and agreements and premises as to the House /ha 11 seem meet, kcurities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-p-dons having or claiming to have votes in the said elec- tion upon Tuesday, the 22d day of February next, at (;on for the said Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, to give three of the clock in the Afternoon, jnrand each of their votes for the said Thomas Hall and A Petition of certain of the Freemen Electors of the Mn Fordyce, and did by gifts, rewards, promises, and Town and Borough whose names odoo-Tweed

%'cements and. securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt are thereafter subscribed, having a right to vote at the Procure' divers other persons having or claiming to election of urgefies to serve in Parliament for the said fiieftwr*..

';Ve 'rotes in the said election, to give their and each of Town and Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, votes for them the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, and read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Mem-Mg for each of them, and to forbear and refuse to give bers to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and

tlclr and each of their votes for the said Sir John Callander Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, Thomas Hall, John - J

awlfee Petitioner at the said election of Members to serve dyce, Esquires, Sir John Callander, Baronet, and Daniel "i

10

34

29° JVovembris.

A. 1802.

Or*/, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said Town and Borough in Parliament; and that the said "Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, determined by themselves, and their respective agents and managers, previous to, and after the diflblution of the last Parliament, and after the teste and the hiding out of the writ for the said election, and previous to and during the said election, and the poll taken at the said election, by themselves, and by each of them, and their and each of their agents and managers, and by other ways and means, on the behalt and at the charge of the said

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections* or returns of Members to serve in Parliament; the like notices as in former cases were lent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance^ by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do jiYue his warrant, or Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, and of each of them, gave, warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be and did give, present, and allow to the Electors of the said thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of Town and Borough, and to several persons who had or the matters of the said Petitions, claimed to have a right to vote in the said election for the said Town and Borough, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gilts, rewards, and promises, and engagements to give or allow meat, drink, provision presents, rewards, advantages, and entertainments, to and for several persons lo having or claiming right to vote in the said election, and to and for the u;e, advantage, benefit, and profit of such persons so having or claiming right to vote in the said election, in order to procure themselves the said Thomas Hall..nd John Fordyce to be elected Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough, in open dedance of the Law,

nd contrary to, and in defiance of the Statutes, and of the Standing Orders of the House in that calc made and provided; and that the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker's previous to, and during the said electUn, and the poll Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Commit* what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report f ' their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of appjiuted them are lit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alexander;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Corry, Mr. Trench*

Air. B (7?ge, Mr. Attorney General, . Air. Plumer, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir IViUiaw Elford, the Mailer of the Polls, Mr. Bardon9 Sir John NicholL, Mr. Bankes, Sir William Lemon, Mr. Nicholas Fan ft tart, Lord Vj(count Fo/keflone,

General Gascovue, Mr. Ditkinson, Mr. Ihcrj}, Sir William . Pulteuev, Mr. Bidlery Mr. Mirkham, and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe in the House: And they are to meet

taken at the said election, by themselves, and their relpjo tive agents and managers, were, and each of them was, guilty of bribery and corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt thoie w:o had a right to vole in the said election, in order to procure thcvn'cives the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce, to be returned as persons duly elected Members to serve in in s present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and that by the said and other undue and corrupt means, the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce unlawfully obtained a majority of votes on the said poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and that the said Thomas //in//had not, at the time of the said election, such an estate, in Law or Equity, for his own ule and Benefit, of and in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member in the present Parliament for the said Town ^nd Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, according to the Law in that behalf made and provided; and that the said Thomas Hall was not, at the time of the said election, qualified or capable of being elected and returned to serve

in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough

of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and that the said John Fordyce distinguishing to what parts or had not, at the time of the said election, such an estate, said Laws respectively relate; an in Law and Equity, for his own use and benefit, of and in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to* serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Merwick-upon-Tweed, according to the Law in that behalf made and provided; and that the said John Fordyce was not, at the time of the said election, qualified or capable of being elected and returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed; all which premises the Petitioners represent are contrary to Law, of evil example, highly injurious to

Ordered, That the said Committee have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the quorum of the said Committee. / Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to lit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 31ft day of Report March, in the last Session of the last Parliament, was made referred, from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an instrudion to the said Committee, that they do enquire what temporary Laws of a public and general nature, which have been made by the Parliaments of England, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in force; distinguishing the matter of each such Statute, its date, title, and period of continuance; and allb what Laws of such a description, passed by the Eny/ish,

British, Irish, or United Parliaments, have expired between the xft day of January (excJulive) and the 161I1 day of November 1802 (the first day of the present Session);

the United Kingdom the "r

also what Laws of such

a description are about to expire within twelve months from the said 16th day of November, or in the course o :-

the next Session, or at the end thereof, or before the 31ft day of July 1804, or in consequence of any contingent event, distinguishing, in like manner, to what parts of the ■:

United Kingdom the said Laws iefipedively relate: And b

that they do report the fame, together with their Obfier-vations thereupon, to the House. s.:

the franchises of the Petitioners, and of the other lawful aleftors of the said Borough; and that the Petitioners therefore apprehend and submit to the House, that the said election and return of the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce are an undue election and return; and that the said Thomas Hall and John Fordyce are disabled and incapable to fit in Parliament under/ such election and return; and the Petitioners hope that the lame will be deemed by the House wholly null and void: And therefore praying, that the House will take their case into confederation, and grant them such relief in the premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be jaken into consideration.

• 11

A‘Petition of the Maltsters ref dent in the City and Petitions County of the City of Coventry: And allb, ' ' Coventry*

A Petition of the Maltsters of the Borough of Leominfer, Leominitct , and its vicinity, whole names are thereunto subscribed:

And also, \

A Petition of the the-reunder-signed Maltsters and p

Brewers of the City of Bristol, and its vicinity;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain hard ships which the Peti- p-

tioners alledge they labour under in the making of

Malt, in consequence of two Acts, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

, And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

lie upon the Table.

A Petition

43 Geo. III.

29°—30* Novemhris.

35

>.;ors

jfiija.

A Petition of the unfortunate Prisoners confined in the Debtors prison of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their distrefi, and praying relief.

Oratred, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

pstioa of

L'VTJlti, &c.

Martis, 30° die JVovembris;

Anno 43’ Georgii Iir" Regis, i 80 2.

Praters.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Godmanch Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and * r;[i, C ° U Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecester, commuted

Vri.ant

A Petition of the Chymists and Druggists of the iC‘ Borough of Plymouth, and the Towns ot Plymouth Dock

j.vv-ttdth, uw, wl6 y. c T\ r .1 ~----- * —* - ----- —...... -

.^agthe and Stouehouse, in the County of utvon^ was presented to otherwise Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, was

.... the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act, read a second time.

palfed in the last Session of Parliament, to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annesley, Lord Viscount Hhichtngbrook, Ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber!

laid Duties, the Petitioners are become subjected to grievous burthens, inconveniences, and lotles, arising not only from the many doubts and difficulties in which the construction of several of the clauses in this Act is involved, but also from the mode by which the Duties thereby granted are directed to be collected and paid: And therefore praying the House to take this subject into its lerious consideration, that the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

JbQDtof

iiiquer

to

K^iniiiag,

pBtti.

kfnix,

>■ I.)

salt of on

.'option c icm, &c. publ

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An account, shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Ad 41 Geo. HI. cap. 4. intituled, "An Act " to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s " Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of " such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted " by Parliament, for the service of the year iSoi," Out-Handing, and unprovided for.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inferred in the Appendix to this volume.

A Bill for repairing; improving, and maintaining the Thirik and Road leading from Thb'Jk to Yarn, in the North Riding ]j, oa of the County of York, was read a second time. committed.

Refohed, That the Hill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Frankland, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol of Glou~ cejier, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining petition, of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Manchester larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and imr " proving the Road from the down of Manchester, by a " place called The White Smithy, in the Townflvp of " Crumpto the Town of Rochdale-, and also the Road " from the said place called The White , by a place " called Bejfes of the Barn to the Town of Bury and also '* the Road from the? laid place called Bejfes of the Barn to " Radclif; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot " Lane, in the Township of Priejhvich, all in the County " Palatine of Lancaster,' lb iar as the lame relates to a The House being informed that Mr. Irvittg (Inspectof certain District of Road therein particularly described.

General of Imports and Exports) attended at the door; he called The Manchester Dislrid, was read a second time, was called in; and, at the bar, presented to the House, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Gas-pursuant to their Order, _ . coyne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this After*

An Account of all Bounties paid on the Importation noon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, of Corn and Rice, in the years ending the 10th of October

1 Soiand 1802, rdpcdtively; distinguishing each quarter. . A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en* Sparfn Smith} And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 28th year of Eoad.Bl, J>

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

tySu,

A’o. 2.)

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

I Artaud; war of

The House being informed, that Mr. Robinson (from the London Dock Company) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to die directions of an Act of P-.rliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Court of rec-" tors of the London Dock Company, relative to the " progress of the WorksAnd allo,

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road " from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to Talk, " in the County of Staffordwas read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to General GaJ* coyne, Mr. Monckton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Glenbervie reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would be gra- Addreli* ciously pleased to give directions, that the Estimafes and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this

House) had

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that London Dock Company, from ill June 1801 to the31ft He will give directions accordingly. 1

May 1 802. ' ,

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and i

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the 1

the Table. fame were delivered in at the Table.

The said Paper and Account are preserved amongst And one of the said Petitions appearing to relate to

an Election and Return, concerning which the House had received a Petition on a former day, the Janie was read, as followeth; viz.

A Petition of Samuel Mitchell, Josiah Abraham, William Liskeard Wallish, William Rawle, John Peake, Francis Hicks, Samuel Hicks, Stephen Wills, Philip James, Thomas Langdon, John of

Randle, John Blunt, John 'Samuel James, William

Strike, John Mutton, William Cook, Edward Beeji, William Brookes, John Mallett , William Sargent, Nicholas

Thomas, William Moon, Richard Peter Roberts,

John Lean, Thomas Lord, John Grills, Robert Hill, John Davis, John Welsh, RichabctHole, Charles Roberts, William

the other papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, ten of the clock.

tors.

Vot; j8.

30° Novemhris. A. 1802.

Rogers, William Quitter, Th Lampen, Jonathan Baron,

Richard Prior, John Sargent,/SamuRcivter, Robert Godfrey, and James Roberts, was reaa; letting forth. That the Petitioners are Inhabitants Householders of the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, paying, or liable to pay, scot and lot, and as such have a right to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.; and that the Honourable John Elliot, the Honourable William Elliot, Thomas Sheridan, and William Ogilvie, Esquires, were Candidates at the last election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, held on or about the 6th day of July 1802; and that the Petitioners and others duly tendered their votes to the Mayor of the said Borough (who acted as the Returning Officer) for the said Thomas and William

at such election, which the said Mayor took upon himself, without lawful or sufficient cause, to disallow and reject; and that the said Mayor ought to have returned the said Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie duty elected to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough, they having a majority of legal votes, notwithstanding which the said Mayor thought proper to return the said Honourable John and William Elliot; and that the said Mayor admitted divers persons to vote for the said Honourable John Elliot and William Elliot, at the said late election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, who were not entitled to vote at the said election: And therefore praying, that the election of the said Honourable John Elliot and the said Honourable William Elliot may be declared null and void, and the return amended, by the striking out the names of the said Honourable John Elliot and William Elliot, and the insertion of the names of Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, Esquires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confident ion upon Tuesday, the 4th day of January next, at the same time that the Petition of Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, Esquires, is ordered tot be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

j Then the names of the places to which the residue of

t the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of

! the last Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House of Wednesday last) were put into the glass at the Table,

j and drawn by the Clerk in the following order:

taunt (hi A Petition of Robert Robinson, late a Candidate for one etinon^ Burgesses 1° serve in Parliament in and for the

.irJtobmibn. Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset,

| was read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Mem-

| berS' to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John

■ Hammet, William Morland, and the Petitioner, were the

I only Candidates; and that the Town of Taunton has sent

I Members to Parliament from the earliest period, viz.

; from the 26th year of the reign of King Edward the First;

.! that it isr a Borough by prescription, and that the ancient

Returning Officer was the Bailiff of the said Town, ap-j pointed by grant or patent from the Bishop of Winchester,

1 who has been from time immemorial, and still continues to

I be, the Lord of the Manor of Taunton and Taunton Dean-, and

* that, in the 2d year of the reign of his Majesty King Charles the First, a Charter of Incorporation was granted to the said

: Town; that a second Charter of Incorporation was granted

by his late Majesty King Charles the Second; that neither of the said Charters interfered with the right of election or appointment of the Returning Officer, but, on the con-■ trary, confirmed to the Bishop of Winchester and his fuc-

• cclfors, who had the right to appoint to the office of Bailiff,

: all the privileges, pre-eminences, and emoluments enjoyed

; by any of his predecessors; and that the Town continued

: so incorporated until the year 1792, when, out of twenty-

- four, the whole body of Corporators, eleven only remaining,

the Corporation ceased to exist; and that the precept of the Sheriff ort the late election was directed to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, the Bailiffs, Portreeves, and Constables of the said Borough and Town of Taunton; and that one Thomas Woodforde, and one Charles Cox, summoning Bailiffs for the said Borough, and one John Coles, and

one John Hitt, Constables for the said Town and Borough, were present, and did give the said Sheriff a receipt for the said precept; and that they the said Thomas Woodforde and Charles Cox, John Coles, and John Hitt, together with one William Saunders of Bristol, did, upon the occasion of the said election, assume to themselves the office of Returning Officer, and did cause proclamation to be made that the election for two Burgesses to serve the said Town and Borough of Taunton in Parliament would come on the 6th day of July then next; and that the poll for taking the votes lor the Electors of the fame Town and Borough would be opened at ten of the clock in the morning of that day, at a temporary hullings erected under the arcade of the Market House of the said Town and Borough, when and where all the Inhabitants, qualified to vote for Members to represent the said Town and Borough in Parliament, were required to attend; and that the persons so assuming the office of Returning Officer were sworn according to Law, and appointed Poll Clerks, and proceeded to hold the election for the said Borough; and that certain of the Electors of the said Borough, conceiving with the Petitioner that the Bailiff appointed by the Bishop of Winchester was the only legal and competent Returning Officer, and John Hammet being such Bailiff, tendered their . votes to him upon that occasion; but that he would not receive their votes; and that, after fume delay, the said Electors being fearful of loling their privilege of voting at the said election, and being called upon by the said five persons who had lb taken upon themselves to act as Returning Officer to vote, did then and there vote; and nine votes out of ten of those who so tendered their votes to the said John Hammet did give their votes as follows (to wit); nine for the Petitioner, fix for John Hammet, and one for William Morland; and the Petitioner further represents, that John Hammet being Bailiff, so appointed by patent by the said Bilfiop of Winchester as aforesaid, was and is the only legal Returning Officer; and that, holding the office of Bailiff as aforesaid, he is incapacitated from being elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said five persons, assuming the office of Returning Officer as aforesaid, could not legally receive the votes of the Electors; and that the said John Hammet, being the legal Returning Officer, was bound to have received them; that the votes received, and the poll taken by the said five persons, are void, as being taken by persons not cloathed with the office of’Returning Officer, and ought to be considered as if never tendered or taken; and that the election of the said John Hammet ought to be fct aside, he being the Bailiff of the said Town and Borough, and as such the legal Returning Officer, and therefore ineligible to represent the said Town and Borough; and that the said John Hammet ought to have taken on himself the office of Returning Officer, and to have returned William 'Morland and the Petitioner, they being the only eligible Candidates who offered themselves at the said election to represent the said Town and Borough; and that the election of the said John Hammet and William Morland must be declared to be void; and the Petitioner further reprdents and alledges, that the freedom of the election was most grolsly and scan-dalously violated in the persons of one Richard Hughes and one William Hughes, legal Voters foe the said Borough, who, having been put into the '1 ally, competing what was called Mr. Hammet's Talley, but thinking proper to vote for the

Petitioner, were insulted, and the said William Hughes was knocked down in the Tally Box, and severely wounded on the head, and, in consequence thereof, a great tumult and riot ensued, and the Petitioner was adviled to retire from the huttings, and did retire accordingly: And therefore

praying, That the House will grant him such relief in the

premises as to the House shall leem meet, and that a day -

may be appointed for taking this Petition into -

ration.

Ordered, That the said Petition Be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 24th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon. , J‘

A Petition of certain Persons, Eledors of Members to Taunron^ S serve in Parliament for the Borough and Town of Taunton, p«jtion in the County of Somerset, whole names are thereunto sub- Ele&on. ft feribed, on behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, was a Iforead; letting forth. That at the last

Elea ion ‘

46 Geo. III.

election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Hamrnet, William , and Robert Ro-

biitfon, were the only Candidates; and that the Town of Taunton has sent Members to Parliament from the earliest period, viz. from the 26th year of the reign of King Edward the First; that it is a Borough by prescription, and that the ancient Returning Officer was the Bailiff of the said Town, appointed by grant or patent from the Bishop of Winchester, who has-from time immemorial been, and

still continues to be, Lord of the Manor of 'Taunton and Taunton Dean;and that, in the ad year of the reign of his Majesty King Charles the First, a Charter of Incorporation was granted to the said Town; that a second Charter of Incorporation was granted by his Majesty King Charles the Second; that neither of the said Charters interfered with the right of election or appointment of the Returning Officer, but, on the contrary, confirmed to the Bishop of Winchester and his successors, who had the right to appoint to the office of Bailiff, all the privileges, pre-eminences, and emoluments, enjoyed by any of his predecessors; and that the Town continued so incorporated until the year 1792, when, out of twenty-four, the whole body of Corporators, eleven only remaining, the Corporation ceased to exist; and that the precept of the Sheriff was directed to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, the Bailiffs, Portreeves, and Constables of the said Borough and Town; and that one Thomas Woodforde and one Charles Cox, summoning Bailiffs for the said Borough, and one John Coles and one John Hill, Constables for the fame Town and Borough, were present, and did give the said High Sheriff a receipt for the said precept; and that they the said Thomas -forde, and Charles Cox, John Coles, and John Hill, as aforesaid, together with one William Saunders, of Bristol, did, upon the occasion of the said election, assume to themselves the office of Returning Officer, and did cause proclamation to be made that the election for two Burgesses to serve the said Town and Borough of Taunton in Parliament, would come on on the 6th day of July then next; and that the poll for taking the votes of the Electors of the fame Town and Borough would be opened, at eleven o’clock in the morning of that day, at a temporary hustings erected under the weft arcade of the Market House of the said Town and Borough, when and where all the Inhabitants qualified to vote for Members to represent the said Town and Borough in Parliament, were required to attend; and that the persons so assuming the office of Returning Officer Were sworn according to Law, and they appointed a Poll Clerk, and proceeded to hold the election for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners, conceiving the Bailiff appointed by the Bishop of Winchester to be the only legal and competent Returning Officer, and John Hamrnet being such Bailiff, certain of the Electors tendered their votes to him upon that occasion, but he did not receive the votes so tendered to him as Bailiff, so that, after fotne delay, the said Electors being fearful of losing their privilege of voting at the said election, and being called upon by the said five persons, who had so taken upon themselves to act as Returning Officer, to vote, did then and there vote, and nine voters out of the ten of those who so tendered their votes to the said John Hamrnet did poll for Robert Robinson, hx for John Hamrnet, and one for William Morland; and the Petitioners further represent, on the part and behalf of themselves and the other Electors for the said Borough, that John Hamrnet, being Bailiff so appointed by patent by the said Bishop of Winchester as aforesaid, was and is the only legal Returning Officer, and that, holding the office of Bailiff as aforesaid, is incapacitated from being elected so represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said five persons, assuming the office of Returning Officer as aforesaid, could not legally receive the votes of the Electors, and that the said John ,being the legal

Returning Officer, was bound to have received them; that the votes received, and the poll taken by the said five persons are void, as being taken by persons not clothed with the office of Returning Officer, and ought to be considered as if never tendered or taken, but that the election 1 the said John Hamrnet and William Morland must be declared to be void; and the Petitioners further represent to the House, that, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, puffed VOL, 58.

37

in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending the provisions of an Act, " made in the 34th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Appointment of

" Commissioners to administer ceriain Oaths and Declarations

" required by Law to be made and taken by persons offering to " vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament to " all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Vioters at " Elections for Members lb serve in three per-

fons were appointed by the persons assuming the office of Returning Officer to administer the oaths to the Electors^ aforesaid, but they did not, nor did either of them, though notice in writing to' administer all the oaths required by them to be administered, was given by the said Robert Robinson, or his agents, tender the Bribery Oath to any one Elector of the said Borough, as by the said Act of the 42d of His present Majesty is required; but the said oath was administered by the said persons exercising the office of Returning Officer as aforesaid, or by their Poll Clerk, contrary to the meaning of the said Act of the 34th of His present Majesty, which expressly directs, that, if a Voter tenders himself to poll who has not taken the oaths before the Commissioners, such oath shall not be administered by ,the Returning Officers, or other persons taking the poll, but the Elector shall immediately withdraw and take the said oaths before one of the persons appointed for the purpose; and the Petitioners further represent and alledge, that on the morning of the 8th day ot' July, the third day after the poll had commenced, fifty-one Electors of the said Borough had polled for Robert Robinson; and that in the afternoon of the fame day, between the hours of two and fix o’clock, several of the Petitioners and others, Electors of the said Borough, who intended to give their votes for the said Robert.Robinson, attended before the said Commissioners to be sworn as aforesaid, but the said Commissioners refused then to administer any of the oaths required by Law to the said Electors, saying, " that their " books were closed for that night, and that the said " Electors might come to be sworn the next morning," or words to that effect; and the said Commissioners did shut their books accordingly; yet the said Commissioners (they having been directed so to do by the said persons exercising the office of Returning Officer) afterwards, on that fame evening, and after the said Electors had gone home, opened their books again, and did swear, or were actually swearing an Elector, at the very moment the poll was closed; and, the poll never having been opened again, the said Elector, and other Electors, who had been refused to be sworn, and who had been told by the said Commissioners to come in the morning, were deprived of the privilege of voting at that Election; and the Petitioners further represent, that, contrary to Law, and to the Statutes in such case made and provided, on the evening of the said third day’s poll, about the hour of five of the clock, the said persons assuming the office of Returning Officer for the said Borough did make proclamation, allowing only five minutes for Electors to come in and vote, when, one William McGeorge, about three minutes after the said proclamation was made, voted for the said Robert;

and that, in about two minutes after the said William McGeorge had so voted, the Poll Clerk shut up his poll book, and absolutely refused to open the fame, nor did the Poll Clerk enter any more votes afterwards, though by the Electors then present he was particularly requested so to do; and he and the said persons assuming the office of Returning Officer were distinctly told, that there were between thirty and forty Voters who had not polled; and the Petitioners farther represent and alledge, that the freedom of the election was most grossly and lcandalously violated in the persons of one John Hughes the elder, and one John Hughes the younger, legal Voters for the said Borough, who having been put in the Tally, composing what was called Mr. Hamrnet's Tally, but thinking proper to vote for Robert Robinson, were insulted, and the said John Hughes the younger was knocked down in the Tally Box, and fe-verely wounded in the head, and in consequence thereof a great tumult and riot ensued, and the said Robert Robinson was advised to retire from the hustings, and did retire accordingly: And therefore praying, That the House will

L grant

30° Novembris.

38

30" Novembris.

A. 1802.

grant them such relief in the premises as to them shall or claimed to have, voice or vote in the said election, and seem meet; and that a day may be appointed for taking were guilty of divers other undue, corrupt, and illegal this Petition into consideration. practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confident- BurgetTes to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

tion at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall and that the said Claude Stott and Samuel Scott did procure be taken into consideration. themselves, by the undue, corrupt, and illegal practices

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or aforesaid, and by threats, and divers other corrupt and warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be unwarrantable influence and proceedings, to be unduly

thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing defied and returned as Burgesses to serve in Parliament

on

ft ion— tion of :r*.

of the matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of William Squire, Cornelius William

Fotharby, Henry Stanwell, 'Jeremiah Stairwell, William Ni-cholls, 'John Herring, and William Wood, having a right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was

for the said Borough; whereas the said Claude Scott and Samuel Scott were, by the undue, corrupt, and illegal practices aforesaidi disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and the said election and return of them the said Claude Scott and Samuel Scott is Void; and that the said election and return of them the said Clauae Scott and Samuel Scott was and is contrary to

read; setting forth, That at the last election of Burgesses Law, and highly injurious to the Petitioner: And thereto serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the fore praying, that the House will take the premises into County of Lincoln,’Thomas Fydell, El'quire, William Alex- consideration, and declare the election and return of them

ander Maddocks, Esquire, and John Ogle, Esquire, were the said Claude Scott and Samuel Scott to be null and void. Candidates to represent the said Borough, and that the and grant such further relief to the Petitioner in the said Thomas Fydell, by himself, and by his agents, friends, premises as to the House shall seem meet, and managers, and by other ways and means, on the be- Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-half and at the charge of him the said Thomas Fydell, tion upon Tfiuri'day, the 3d day of March next, at three

after the telle and the ifl'uing out of the writ ol election for the said Borough, did give, present, and allow, to divers persons who had, or claimed to have, voice or vote in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, provision, presents, and rewards, and did make certain promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for the use, advantage, benefit, employment, profit, and preferment, of such persons who so as aforesaid had or claimed to have voice or vote in the said election, and was guilty of divers other cor upt and illegal practices, in order to procure himself to be elected one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Fydell, by the corrupt and illegal practices aforesaid, did procure himself to be elected and returned as one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; whereas the said Thomas Fydell was, by the corrupt and illegal practices aforesaid, disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and the said election and return of him the said Thomas Fydell is void; and that

of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought neccfl'ary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of General Sir Robert Abercromby, of,

Knight of the Order of the Bath, was read; setting forth. That at the Election of a Ilepresentative for the County of Stirling, 'held at Stirling upon the 19th day of July last, the Petitioner and the Honourable Charles Fleeming, Captain in the Royal Navy, were Candidates; and that at the said meeting, the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming claimed to be inrolled in the roll of Freeholders of the said County of Stirling, as apparent Heir of the deceased Lady Clementina Fleeming, his Grandmother, in certain lands lying within the County Stirling, and also as being heritably infeft and seal'ed in the lands of Easter Glenboig, alias Endboig, with the mill, mill lands, aft rifted multures, and office of Coroner of the County of;

and for proving the facts Hated in his claim, he produced

Stirling

C011 my Election— Petition of Sir Robert Abercromby.

the said election and return of him the said Thomas Fydell sundry deeds and writings to the said meeting of Free was and is contrary to Law, and highly injurious to the holders; and his claim prayed, that in respect of his being.

D i.. X ^ y A M — -_- a I. 1. i. 1 r T . /V n n m 4* T- I m f 1 r* a /a f K /m^ f l-% C /a i .1 T 1

Petitioners r And therefore praying, that the House will take the premises into consideration, and declare the election of him, the said Thomas Fydell, to be null and void, and grant such further relief in the premises as to the House shall seem moil meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the ill day of March next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

apparent Heir to his Grandmother the aforesaid Lady Clementina Fleeming, and that the lands of Easter alias Endboig, and other subjectts, were retoured prior to the 16th September 1681, at five merks Scots of old extent, the said Charles Elphinstone Fleeming was fully qualified to be inrolled in the roll of Freeholders of the said Shire of Stirling, and ought to be inrolled accordingly; that to this claim and the inrolling of the fin'd Charles

jilmrfbury Election— etition of obert Hill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or Elphinstone Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Stirling, it was objected byfomeof the Freeholders present, thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing and the Petitioner now objects, imo, that the Claimant

‘ was not the apparent Heir of Lady Clementina Fleeming his

Grandmother, and particularly could not be so in the lands of Gairth and others on which he claimed to be inrolled as a Freeholder in the said County, for that these lands did not belong, or were not proved to have be-

of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Robert Hill, one of the capital Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, was read; setting forth, That at the late Election for

Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of longed, to the said Lady Clementina Fleeming at the time Malmtfovry, Claude Scott, El'quire, and Samuel Scott, Esquire, of her death; and that though they had then belonged to and Colonel George AugujlusPollen, were Candidates to her, the character of apparent Heir to her in the said lands represent the said Borough; and that the said Claude Scott could only attach upon and belong to the Right and Samuel Scott, by themselves, and by their agents, able John Lord the claimant’s eldest brother»

friends, and managers, and by other ways and means, on 2d0, That the retour referred to in the said claim, and the behalf and at the charge of them the said Claude Scott produced to the meeting of Freeholder did not afford and Samuel Scott, after the telle and the issuing out of the sufficient legal evidence of the fe pa rate old extent of the writ of election for the said Borough, did give, present, lands of Easter Glenboig, mill, mill lands, and and allow, and promise to divers persons who had, or multures, exclufi vely of the office of Coroner or Crownarie claimed to have, voice or vote in the said election, money, of the said fshire of; and that,

meat, drink, entertainment, provision, presents, and re- these objections, a majority of the Freeholders present at wards, and did make certain promises, agreements, obli- the said meeting determined that the said Charles Elphin-gations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, stone Fleeming ought to be inrolled as a Freeholder of the drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to laid County of Stirling, and his name was accordingly and for the use, advantage, benefit, employment, profit, added to the roll of Freeholders of the said Shire; and and preferment, of such persons who so as aforesaid had, that in the subsequent proceedings of the said meeting,

11 held

c.

I,

43 Geo. III.

30° Novembris.

39

held on the aforesaid 19th July last, the Petitioner, and the said Charles Elphinflone Fleming, were the only Candidates for representing the said County of Stirling in Parliament; and that previous to the roll being called, or the vote put for the election of the Member or Commissioner for the said Shire, one of the Freeholders present entered a caveat or protest, Hating and repeating the objections to the said Captain Charles Fleeming

Handing on the roll, or being admitted to vote as a Freeholder in the election of the Member or llepresentative for the said County; and further Hating and objecting that the said Captain Charles Elphinjione Fleeming was, by Law, incapable to be elected to represent the said Shire in Parliament;, and that all the votes which should be given in his favour should be held to be null and void, and considered as thrown away, as having been given in favour' of a person who was by Law ineligible, lor the reasons before assigned; and that notwithstanding the above objections against the said Captain Charles Elphinflone Fleeming Handing on the roll, or being admitted to vote as a Freeholder, and against his being capable to be elected the Representative to serve the said County in Parliament, a number of the Freeholders present did vote for the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming, and the other Freeholders present having voted for the Petitioner,' the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming was declared to be elected, and has been returned as the Representative for the County of Stirling to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioner is adviled and conceives that the proceedings of the aforesaid meeting of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling, held upon the 19th July last in this present year 1802, were illegal and unconstitutional, first by in-iolling the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of Stirling, and afterwards in electing him to be the llepresentative in Parliament for the said Shire; and that the Returning Officer did wrong, and acted unwarrantably and unconftitutionally, by returning him the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming as the person duly and legally elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Stirling; and the Petitioner con-* eeives and contends that he was the only person who, at the meeting aforesaid, was duly and lawfully elected the Representative of the said County of Stirling to serve in this present Parliament; and that he ought to have been returned accordingly, agreeably to a protest or requisition made and entered in the minutes of the meeting by several of the Freeholders who voted for him; and that the election and return of the said Charles Elphinjione Fleming was procured and obtained by the means above ftsted, and by other illegal, unwarrantable, and unconstitutional means and proceedings, to the great prejudice and injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the premises under their consideration, and to resolve and declare that the majority of the Freeholders of the said County of Stirling, at the aforesaid meeting held the 19th July last, did wrong, first, by inrolling the kid Charles Elphinjione Fleeming as a Freeholder of the said County of Stirling, and afterwards, in elect ing him to It the Representative in this present Parliament for the said County of Stirling; and that the said Returning Officer did wrong, and acted illegally and unconftitutionally, in Rtuming him the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming as the Representative duly elected for the said County of Stirling this present Parliament; and to resolve and declare ttat, at the aforesaid meeting, the Petitioner was the only Person who was duly and legally elected the Member or Rep refen tat i ve to serve in this present Parliament for the &d County of Stirling, and ought to have been returned accordingly, and to give the Petitioner such other and further relief or redreis as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-tlon upon Tuesday, the 8th day of March next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of James Bruce, of Kinnaird, Esquire, and of asrry Davidson, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, both Free-holders in the County of Stirling, was also read; letting 5tn' f®rtb» That at the late Election of a Representative for the County of Stirling in the present Parliament, held at Stirling on the 19th day of July last. Sir Robert of dinkey, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the

Vol. S8.

K

I-,

Bath, and the Honourable Charles Fleming,

Captain in the Royal Navy, were the only Candidates; and that the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming, who, previous to the day of election, was not a Freeholder entitled to vote for, or to be elected, Representative in Parliament for the said County of Stirling, produced certain titles, by virtue of which he claimed to be inrolled a Freeholder, as apparent Heir of his Grandmother, Lady Clementina Fleeming, deceased, in certain lands lying within the said County of Stirling, and also as being heritably infeft and feased in the lands of Easter Glenboig, alias with the mill, mill lands, and aftrided multures, and office of Coroner of the County of Stirling; that although the said titles, produced by the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming in support of his claim of inrolment were, and were then stated to be, by Law, insufficient to intitle him to be placed on the roll of Freeholders of the said County, yet the majority of the meeting then present illegally, unwarrantably, and unjustly placed him upon the roll, and as such pretended to entitle him to vote for, or be elected, Representative of the said County in Parliament; that in the subsequent proceedings at the said meeting of election, the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming was, by the said majority of Freeholders, elected Representative or Commissioner to represent the said County in Parliament, although he was thus illegally, unwarrantably, and unjustly placed upon the roll, and was incapable of voting for* or being elected, Representative for the said County in Parliament, and although the said Sir Robert Abercromby was the only Candidate at the said election legally entitled to be elected such Representative; that the Returning Officer has also returned the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming to be the Commissioner or Representative of the said County in Parliament, although the said Sir Robert Abercromby was duly el eft a, and ought to have been returned as the Representative or Commissioner for the said County; that such return of the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming was procured and obtained by the means above stated, and by other corrupt, illegal, unwarrantable, and unconstitutional means and proceedings, to the great prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to resolve and declare that the said Charles Elphinjione Fleeming was illegally, unwarrantably, and unjustly inrolled a Freeholder of the said County, in manner aforesaid j that he was unduly and illegally elected Member or Representative for the said Shire in this present Parliament; and that the said Sir Robert Abercromby was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Representative or Commissioner in Parliament of the said County of Stirling-, or to grant to the Petitioners such other relief in the premises as to. the House may seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices as in former cases were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee appointed Report to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to Expiring report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which L*ws* of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and who were instructed to enquire what temporary Laws of a public and general nature, which have been made by the Parliaments of England, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in force; distinguishing the matter of each such Statute, its date; title, and period or continuance; and also what Laws of such a description, pa fled

40

30° Novembris—-1 ° Decembris.

A. 1802,

by the English Irtjh, or United Parliaments, have

expired between the ift day of January (exclusive) and the 16th day of November 1802 (the first day of the present Session); distinguishing to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and also what laws of such a description are about to expire within twelve months from the said 16th day of November, or in the course of the next Session, or at the end thereof, or before the 31ft day of July 1804, or in consequence of any contingent event, distinguishing, in like manner, to what parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and to report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed copy is with the original.

Account of Certain Exchequer Bills outstanding, ordered.

Militia Law! of Ireland, to be considered*

Committee on

[ English I Small Note* BAL

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hoyfe, an Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 4ad Geo. III. cap. 3. intituled, "An Act for raising " the Sum of One million Five hundred thou land " Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service " of Great Britain, for the year One thousand eight hun-* dred and three," outstanding, and unprovided for.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Militia Laws of Ireland.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further suspending the operation of two Acts, made in the 15th and 17th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

>Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

other improvements, it will bfe necessary to raise a further sum of Money, and to lay a small additional Toll upon certain parts of the Canal where improvements are now making, and proposed to be made :—And,

Mr. Homer added. That it will be necessary to amend and alter some of the provisions of the said Acts; and that further powers should be granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, to raise a further sum of Money, to enable them to complete the works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th,

35th, 36th, 3Sth, and 41ft years of the reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts: And that Mr.

Praed and the Earl Temple do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, two certain oiney Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, called or known by Inclosure] the several names of The Pafiure, and Furze, eonuIutu<J

situate in the Parish of Oiney, in the County of Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , the Earl Temple, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Petri ion to i'amend Grand Junction Canal Acts, j reported*

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand

Mcrcurii, 1° die Decembris;

Anno 43° Georgii III'1* Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Right Reverend Father in God St. ®l»’* John Lord Bishop of Chichester, Reftorof the Parish oround of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and Petition,

the Churchwardens and other Vestrymen of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the population of the said Parish has lately much increased, and is still further increasing, the Churchyard whereof is too small, and is now lo full, that there is not sufficient room therein for the Interment of the Parishioners; and that, from the smallnels of the said Churchyard, and the great number of persons buried therein, the fame is rendered offensive and unwholesome to the Inhabitants of the neighbourhood; and that there is not any proper place within the said Parish that can be appropriated as a Cemetery or Burial Ground, and it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish if a proper piece of Ground was provided, in a convenient foliation, within

Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had any adjoining Parish, to be made use of as a Cemetery or examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint Giles, and a House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied Chapel erected for performing the Burial Service therein: with; and that the Committee had examined the matter And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to carry the above fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read purposes into effect, to the fame, and for afeer-

the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at taining and settling the Fees to be paid for Interment the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as therein.

followeth; viz. _ Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several sideration of a Committee: And that they examine Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and them, to the House:

maintaining the said Canal, were read :—And, And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Combe,

Mr. James Barnes, an Engineer, being examined, laid, torney General, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow That great part of the works, authorized by the several Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Acts to be executed, have been nearly finished; and that and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records, the Company art proceeding to complete other parts

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the fame were delivered in at the Table.

And one of the said Petitions appearing to relate to an

thereof, and in providing more ample and necessary accommodations for the Public:—Then,

Mr. Thomas Homer and Mr. George being examined, said, That the whole of the money authorized to

be raised, has been expended in the several works already Election and Return, concerning which the House had executed; and in order to complete the same, and to received a Petition on a former day, the fame was read, make the proposed accommodations for the Public, and as follovyeth;

A Petition

USli

si:al

,:-a

uiuli

43 (jrEO. III.

1° Decembr*

41

fc-'TSI

crintel A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are ■*«- thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town and Borough of Grinjled, in the County of Sussex, was read; setting forth. That the said Borough is an ancient Borough by prescription, and that the Inhabitants paying scot and lot, as well as the Freeholders of the said Town, and Borough, have right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that at the last election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough of East Grinjled, held in the Town Hall thereof,' on the 7th day of July last past. Sir Henry Strackey, Baronet, Daniel Giles, Esquire, and John Frojl, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the fame in Parliament} and that George Bankin, senior, Esquire, acted as Returning Officer . at inch election, and was guilty of great partiality and improper conduct in the execution of his office, to which he had been re-elected contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided; and that he permitted many persons to vote who had no right, and rejected the votes of the Petitioners and others, who were duly qualified to vote; and that the ancient Franchises of the Electors of the said Town and Borough have been altogether invaded, by permitting persons to vote who were occasional Voters, and had no legal vote, or any legal estate in the hoyfes, tenements, or lands, for which they so respectively polled } and that the said Returning Officer, well knowing the premises, did not demand, require, or enter on the said poll, so taken by him as aforesaid, the tenant or occupier’s name of such tenement, house, and land, for which he permitted such occasional Voter to poll for: And therefore praying, That they may have such relief in the premises as the House Hull think fit to grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration uponTuefday, the 8th day of February next, at the lame time that the Petition of John Frojl, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiye his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necesiary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Then the names of the places to which the residue of the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned in the llesolution of the House of Wednesday last) were put" into the glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk, in the following order:

A Petition of Robert Satidford, Esquire, Forder,

junior, George Poult on, Joseph Ur fell, Joseph Gegg, Nathan,

junior, Robert Dore, William HRichard Joseph

IVwftone, John Winfone, Edward Humphreys, Daniel Young, William Mills, William Scott, and George Dike, Inhabitant

Househoklers legally settled in the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, having a right to vote at the ejection of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on behalf of themselves and others, was read; setting forth, That at the last election for the Borough of Orencefier, Sir Robert Prejlott, Baronet, Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, and Thomas Bayly Howell, Esquire, were Candidates torepresent the said Borough in Parliament, and that the said Sir Robert Rreflon and Michael Hicks Beach, by themselves, and their agents, friends, and managers, and by other ways and means, in the behalf, or at the charge d them the said Sir Robert Prejlott and Hicks

Beach, did, after the teste of the writ of election, and the lfiuing out thereof, and before and upon the day of their ejection, give to several persons having voice or vote in inch election, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, 4n« did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, an promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements to Slve or allow meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, a|ia entertainments, to and for- several persons so having or chiming right to vote in the said election, and to and for he use, advantage, benefit, and profit of such persons so having cr claiming right to vote in the said election, in Q!j.r to procure themselves the said Sir Robert Preston and hnchad hicks Beach to be elected to serve in Parliament hr (he said Borough of Cirencester, contrary to, and in defiance of, the Standing Order of the House, and in con-tci?Pt Dt' the provisions of an Act, passed in the 7th year 'ot. j8.

fofffter

r?icR—

ittorj,

of the reign of King William the Third, whereby the said Sir Robert Preston, Baronet, and Michael Hicks Beach, are disabled and incapacitated upon such election to serve in,

Parliament for the said Borough of Cirencester, and are to be deemed and taken to be no Members in Parliarfientj and ought not to act, fit, or have any vote or place in Parliament, but are, to all intents and purposes, as if they had never been returned or elected Members for the Parliament: The Petitioners therefore think themselves aggrieved, and apprehend that the election and return of the said Sir Robert Preston and Michael Hicks Beach is aii undue Election and Return, and will be deemed by the House null and void: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their counsel, and have such other relief in the premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 10th day of March next, at three of the clock in the Afternbon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition*

A Petition of John Charlton Kinch of Park Hall, in Bishop’* the County of Salop, Esquire, was read; setting forth, g^on_i That at the last Election for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, petition of in the County of Salop, William Clive, Esquire, John Ro- Mr. Kmchan bittfon, Esquire, Rickard Bateman Robson, Esquire, and the _ Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and the said William Clive and

binfon were declared by John Wollaf Gentleman, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, to be duly elected, and have been returned Members to serve in this present Parliament for the fame Borough; and that the said William Clive and John Robinjott, and each of them, by themselves and by their and each of their agents, friends, and managers, were guilty of treating, and did each of them, after the teste and ilfuing out of the writ or summons of election, and during the election, and before the day or election, give to persons, having voice at the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and did also make presents, gifts, and rewards, to such persons having voice at the said election, contrary to the Standing Order of the House, and in defiance of the Statute, passed in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Charge and Expence in Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament j" and that, previous to, and during the said Election, the said William Clive and John Robinson, and each of them, by themselves, their and each of their agents, friends, and managers, and by the agents, stewards, solicitors, and tenants or the Right honourable Edward Lord Clive, with the privity, knowledge, and confept, and on behalf of the said William Clive and John Robinson, and of each of them, were guilty of many gross and notorious acts of bribery and corruption} and that.a great number of persons, mod of whom were the servants of the tenants of the said Edward Lord Clive, and all of them in the pay, or under the orders and controul of the said William Clive and John Robinson, or one of them, were armed with bludgeons, and with other offensive and dangerous weapons, and which had been made by the express desire or directions of the said William Clive and John Robinson, or one of them, or of their or one of their agents or managers, and with their or one of their knowledge and privity, attended at the place of the said election, to me- j

nace and awe the Voters in the interest of the Petitioner and of the said Richard Bateman Robson j and the said John Wollaston, who was also the Chief Magistrate of the said '

Borough, was requested to adjourn the poll, in order that the objects and intentions of the said persons might ba enquired into, but which he refused to do, although several of the said persons with the bludgeons were brought' before him, and declared that they were employed by, or by the order of, the said William (five; and that the said John Wollaston was guilty of gross partiality at the said

election in favour of the said William Clive and binfon, and each of them, and application was made on behalf of the Petitioner and of the said Richard Bateman Robson to the said John Wollaston, several days previous to '

M the

1° Decembris.

A. 1802.

the said election, to appoint, as his Counsel and Assessor and interested purposes, and against whom respective in-' at the said election, some person indifferent between all formations, in the nature of warranto, had long before the said Candidates, who should be paid ■at the joint ex- the said Election been exhibited for such usurpation, upon pence of all the said Candidates, but the said John Wol- each of which judgments of Ouster have since been given, laflon did not accept the said offer, bilt, with a view of ap- did, on the morning of the said election, together with pointing an Assessor agreeable to the said William Clive and certain Aldermen of the said Borough, hold a Court of John Robinson, accepted as his Counsel and Assessor a per- Bailiffs and Aldermen of the said Borough for the admifson who had been chosen and retained by the said William fion of Burgesses of the said Borough, at which the majo-Clive and John Robinson, or by one of them, or by the agent rity of the said Bailiffs and Aldermen present at the said or solicitor of the said Eclzvard Lord Clive, on their behalf; Court mod illegally, and against the will, and in defiance and that the said John Wollaston at the said election il- of the remonstrances of others of the said Aldermen and legally rejected the votes of several persons who tendered of the Petitioners, did admit divers persons to the freedom themselves to vote for the Petitioner and for the said of the said Borough, who were not entitled thereto by the

vefham Election— stition of ir- Howorth.

constitution and usage thereof, in order to give them a colourable title to vote at the said election, and did refuse to admit several persons to the freedom of the said Borough who were entitled thereto, and who claimed the fame according to the usage of the said Borough; and which last mentioned persons were afterwards illegally rejected by the said John Thornton and George Barker, and not admitted to be put upon the poll, although they tendered their votes for the Petitioners; and that the said John Thornton and George Barker did also at the said Court corruptly, and for the like interested and improper purposes, of their own authority, and without the concurrence of the major part of the Aldermen then present, admit divers persons who were not entitled to the freedom of the said Borough, and refuse to admit several persons to the freedom of the said Borough who were entitled thereto, according to the usage and constitution of the said Borough, and who claimed the fame; and that the said John Thornton the A Petition of Humphrey Howorth, Esquire, was read; elder and George Barker were, at and before, and during letting forth, That the Petitioner and Charles Thelluffon, the said election, guilty of the grossest and most corrupt Esquire, and Patrick Craufurd Bruce, Esquire, were Can- partiality in favour of the said Robert Cravfurd and John dictates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parlia- by personally canvassing for them, and soliciting

ment for the Borough ®f Evcsham; and that the said Charles votes in their behalf, by admitting many persons to vote

Richard Bateman Robson, although they had a legal right to vote, and admitted on the poll for the said William Clive and John Robinson several persons who had no legal right to vote at the said election; and that the said William Clive and John Robinson, by reason of the premises, are disabled and incapacitated from serving in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bishop's Castle: And ' therefore praying, That the House will declare the said Election to be void, and gfant such other relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration uponTuefday, the 15th day of March next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Thelluffon and Patrick Craufurd Bruce, by themselves and their agents, previously to and during the said election, gave money, and made promises of gifts and rewards, to several of the Electors, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for them the said Charles Thelluffon and Pa~

for them who had no right to vote at the said election, and by rejecting the votes of many persons who had a right to vote at the said election, and who claimed ta vote, and tendered their votes in favour of the Petitioners; and that, in order to secure the return of the said

trkk Craufurd Bruce, and to forbear to vote for the Peti- Craufurd and John Jaffray as Members to serve in Parlia-

tioner; and that the said Charles Thelluffon and Patrick Craufurd Bruce were, by these and other ways and means, guilty of bribery at the said election •, and that the said Charles Thelluffon and Patrick Craufurd Bruce, by means of a number of men hired for the purpose, by force and arms,

ment for the said Borough, the said John Thornton the elder, and George Barker did, with the privity and concurrence of the said Robert Craufurd and John Jaffray, illegally continue themselves in the said respective offices of senior and junior Bailiffs of the said Borough until after the said elec-

ill Retford

F,le£Hon— ctition of Ir. Bowles and

Ir, Bonham.

obstructed and prevented many of the Electors in the Pe- tion, and did aft as Returning Officers of the said Borough titiemer’s interest, from voting for the Petitioner at the said at the said election; and having procured a colourable election; and that the said Charles Thelluffon and Patrick majority of votes in favour of the said Robert Craufurd and Craufurd Bruce, by the means aforesaid, and by other undue, John Jaffray, the said John Thornton the elder and George illegal, and corrupt practices, obtained a colourable majo- Barker did falsely, and in violation of the rights of elec-rity upon the poll, and procured themselves to be returned tion, and to the manifest prejudice of the Petitioners, re-Members for the said Borough of Evesham; and that the turn the said Robert Craufurd and John Jaffray as Members said Charles Thelluffon and Patrick Craufurd Bruce, by such duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, their corrupt and illegal conduct as aforesaid, arc disabled although the Petitioners had the majority of legal votes, and incapacitated to serve in Parliament, and ought not to and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament aft, fit, or have any vote or place in Parliament: And for the said Borough; and that before, and at and during therefore praying the House will take the premises into the said election, the said Robert Craufurd and John •, Confederation, and give the Petitioners such redress therein by themselves and their agents, managers, or by others as shall be just. employed by them, and on their behalf, were guilty of

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera- bribery and corruption, and did, by gifts and rewards, and fion upon Thursday, the 17th day of March next, at three by promises, and by other corrupt and illegal means, ob-of the clock in the Afternoon. tain a great number of persons to vote for them the said

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war- Robert Craufurd and John Jaffray; and the said Robert rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Craufurd and John Jaffray, by themselves, their agents or thought necessary,-by the several parties, on the hearing of managers, or by others on their behalf, after the teste of the matter of the said Petition. the writ for the said election, and at and during the said

election, and before the election of the said Robert Craufurd A Petition of William Bowles the younger, Esquire, and and John Jaffray to serve in this present Parliament for Hettry Bonham, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the said Borough of Retford, did give, present, and the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for allow to divers persons having votes in such election, mo-the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, hey, meat, drink, entertainment, and provisions, and did Robert Craufurd, Esquire, and John Jaffray, Esquire, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and pro-the Petitioners William Bowles the younger, Esquire, and mises, agreements, obligations, and engagements to give Henry Bonham, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the and allow money, meat, drink, provisions, presents, rewards. Bailiffs of the said Borough for the time being are the and entertainments to and for such persons having votes Returning Officers of the said Borough; and that John in the said election, and to and for the use, advantage, be-Thornton the elder, and George Barker, who some time nefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of such persons,-before the said election had respectively usurped the office in order to be elected, and for being elected at the said of senior and junior Bailiffs Of the said Borough for corrupt election to serve in this present Parliament for the said

■5 ^l^orou^'

43 Geo. Ill*

1° Decemhris.

43

D°.

D°.

Widows.

Pensions.

K'-rctss

.-teds

fri.ad

Borough of Eafi Retford; and that by the aforesaid cor- an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers

rupt, undue, and illegal practices, and by. various other and private Men of His Majesty’s Forces while on a march corrupt and undue means, a colourable majority of votes in that part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, on the poll at the said election was obtained by the said from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both

Robert Craufurd and John Jaffray over the Petitioner's; and Inclusive, being 365 days: And also, , 1 -

the said John 'Thornton the elder, and George Barker, isle- Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to Half Pay. gaily and partially declared such majority to have been for the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and the said Robert Craufurd and John J affray, and have ille- Marines, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December gaily returned the said Robert Craufurd and John Jaffray 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also, as the persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the _ Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to laid Borough, whereas the Petitioners had an undoubted the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, majority of legal and uncorrupted votes at the said election; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both and ought to have been returned as Members to serve in inclusive, being 365 days: And also.

Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying, Estimate of the Charge of Haif Pay to the Reduced That they may be heard by themselves or their counsel Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the service of the

upon the matters of this their Petition, and against the States General, from 25th December 1802 to 24th De-'

laid return; and that the House will take the premises into cember 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 day’s: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the Volunteer warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the CorPs* thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both the matter of the said Petition. inclusive, being 365 days: And also, -

Memorandum: Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in Barrack

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from DePartment the trials of controverted elections, or returns the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, of Members to serve in Parliament, the like both inclusive, being 365 days: And also, notices, as in former cases, were sent to the several Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in His Ma- foreign parties; accompanied with orders for their at- jesty’s service, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th orps‘ tendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also, at the times on which the said several Petitions Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Rofpltal Coi were ordered to be taken into consideration. Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty’s Forces, in that ires-md!*1

part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and of the Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick to their Address to His Majesty, and Wounded Soldiers, from the 23th December 1802 to

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other the 24th December 1803, both inclusive. .

... 1 .) i?--- *>-- v:—1— -r Together with an Abstract and Schedule of the said

Estimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix Appendix, to this volume. (A8 3 )

their consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 22d day of March next, at three of the dock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

lu"i’ -rd

|r-: t£urs,

I. A

His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Sec.; including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, at Ceylon, and in South Wales, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 363 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Holj-itals, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain ami Ireland, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being365days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by r His Majesty’s command,

c Estimate of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for service in East India, from the 2.5th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of FiveTroops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in India, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whefe names are there- Petitions of unto subscribed, being Maltsters residing in and near the whifchurck town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And.also, and Warwick A Petition of the Maltsters resident in the County of

Wanvick;

Were severally presented to the House, and. read;

Complaining of certain hardships which the Petie j

tioners alledge they labour under in the making of

Malt, in consequence of two Acts, passed in the

41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and

in the last Session of Parliament: And praying the

House to take the premises into consideration, and

to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

- And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

lie upon the Table.

:js

v ui-

nr

,____oj-j—j--__________ A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies That there be laid before this House, an Account of the adps 'entered for His Majesty’s Land Forces, from the 23th December number of Ships, together with the Tonnage thereof, and and cleared in 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being the number of Men employed therein, which have en- Loft^n,^c’ 1 3^5 days: And also, tered inwards, or been cleared outwards, in the ports of

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the prin- London, Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, and Glasgow, from the 10th cipal Officers of the several Departments therein men- day of October 1806 to the 10th day, of October 1801, toned in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and from the 10th day of October 1801 to the 10th day toir Deputies, Clerks, and.contingent Expences, and of of October 1802 distinguishing foreign from British fee Amount cf Exchequer Fees, to be paid by the Pay- ships, as far as the fame can be made up;

~ ~ " It passed in the negative.

IV

it*.

toifter General, from 25th December 1802 to 24th De-ta tcm'ocr 1 S°3,both inclusive, being 363 days: And also, bilin-.ate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Sub-jfesnee to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering boidiets; of the Charge of an Allowance 40 be made to v .^Onycommissioned Officers and private Men of His "-jesty’s land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Account of

to their Order; T^uer'Bills

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills ouXnding,* issued per Ad 42d Geo. III. cap. 3. intituled, "An Act presented,

" for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred

i;‘!«and 'hdmid, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of " thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for You 58. ^-----

oogl"u

44

1°—~2° Dec

A. 1802.

" the Service of Great Br, for the year one thousand " eight hundred and three," outstanding, and unprovided for.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

(N° 4.) this volume.

xglish Small Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ported,1* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further suspending the operation of two Acts, made in the 15th and 17th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that part of Great Britain called England, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Committee of The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-uPP'y- f0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

\ecount of Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of

jnis'out" Exchequer Bills issued per Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 4. in-

tanding/re- tituled, " An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of erred. " His Majesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the *c Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall " be granted by Parliament, for the service of the year " 1801," outstanding, and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on

Militia Laws -of Ireland,

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Militia Laws of Ireland;

Air. Cony acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the making provision for filling up Vacancies in the Militia of Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 43* Georgii 3*" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Pienepont presented to the House, according to widmerpoo-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inciofureBij the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and pre tnted’ Waste Lands, in the Parish of IVidmerpool, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of Isaac Hofch, was presented to the House, HofcVs Nat and read; praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Petition. Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the prayer of the said Petition 2 And that Mr.

Bur don and Air. Dickinsdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names, are worthing thereunto subscribed, being Owners of houses, or Inha- Paying, &c,-bitants within the Hamlet of Worthing, part of the Parish Petition* of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the several streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, already made and built, and which are now making and building within the said Hamlet, are in many parts incommodious, and unsafe for passengers, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, are very narrow and inconvenient, and are subject to various annoyances, incroachments, and ob» structions; and that other streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, are intended to be built or made within the said Hamlet, which may be subject or liable to similar inconveniences; and it would tend greatly to the benefit and convenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of houses already built and building, or hereafter to be built in the said Hamlet, and to the lafety and convenience of all persons resorting thereto, if adequate Tolls and powers were granted for paving, lighting, cleansing, widening, watching,;

and regulating the streets and places aforesaid, and for removing and preventing annoyances, incroachments, and obstructions therein, and if an effective Police were established in the said Hamlet, and a Market were established, held, and regulated within the same: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lloyd, Mr. ,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Maltsters resident in the Borough of j^jenrs0£ Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; com- Letter, plaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Alalt, in consequence:

of two Acts, paflTed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament 2 And praying the House to take the premises into confederation, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The ingossed Bill for further suspending the opera- Engiifo Sr tion of two Acts, made in the 15th and 17th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the p e ‘ Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that part of Great Britain called England, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the title be,.

An Act for further suspending, uiitil the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and

Bills*

43 Geo. III.

2* Decembrk.

45

*3*

fcV< X. nun.

-'f’.ifc

aLia.

Bills of Exchange under A limited Sum, within that part ot Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Besolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iame were read; and are as followeth; viz. tan. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Fifty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the year 1803, including Twelve thousand Marines. r^itbrD*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred and two thousand five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages of the said Fifty thousand Men, for Thirteen lunar months; at the rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per month.

Trail for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One millionTwo hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said Fifty thousand Men, for Thirteen lunar months, at the rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man month.

'rai Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

aaShipi. a n0(; exceeding One million Nine hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said Fifty thousand Men are to serve, for Thirteen lunar months, at the rate of Three Pounds per Man per month, ei-aicester Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred sixty-two thousand and five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said Fifty thousand Men are to serve, for Thirteen lunar months, at the rate of Five Shillings per Man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingTwo millions Seven hundred eighty-one thousand five hundred thirty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off, and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in, the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to1 " enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea-" lurv to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids " or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the year one thousand eight " hundred and one," outstanding, and unprovided for.

The said Resolutions being leveratly read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

u

7-"^. Resolved, That this House will, To-fnorrow, resolve

wap. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4 \

h A Petition of Joseph Heath, Gentleman, one of the

' Electors of the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County Afford, and of several other Electors of the said

Borough, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth, that Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, Sir Robert , Baronet, and Oliver Beckett and Joseph James, Esquires, were

Candidates at the iaft Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which election commenced on Tuesday, the 6th day of July Ialt, and continued until Friday, the 9th day of the fame month, in-chiliye; and that the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, after the dilfolu-tion of the last Parliament and the issuing of the writ for the said F.lcdion, and previously to and during the poll, did, by themselves and by their agents, and by other ways and means, on the behalf and at the charge of the said Bdward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, and others interesting themselves in the lame af-hir, give, pretent, and allow to sundry of the Electors of yot.-58.

the said Bofough, and to several persons fcUo bad, or claimed a right to vote at the election for the said Borough, money, meat; drink, reward; entertainment, and-provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, in open defiance and in violation of the Law; and that the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire* and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet; previously to and during the poll, were, by themselves, and by their agents, guilty of bribery and corruption* and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to vote at the said election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as persons duly elected; and that the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said Borough, as Returning Officers, during the said poll, re-: jeded good votes for the said Oliver Beckett and Joseph James, and admitted bad votes for the said Wil-

braham Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley, to the great injury of the Petitioners; and that the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, in defiance of the Laws of the land, and of the Resolutions of the House, stood at the said election notoriously, avowedly; and, as the Petitioners will prove, upon that which has long been moll unconftitutionally called the interest of an English Baron and a Peer of this Realm; and that the Marquis of the County of Stafford, a Peer of Parliament, and a Baron of this Realm, did, in open defiance of the Laws of the land, and in contempt of the Resolutions of the House, infringe the liberties of the Commons of the said United Kingdom, by concerning himself and interfering in the said election; and that, in the course of this his unlawful interference, and with a view to render it effectual, the said Marquis did, before and after the diffolu-tion of the last Parliament and the issuing of the writ for the new election for the said Borough, by himself, and by his agents, and by other ways and means, on the behalf, and at the charge of the said Marquis, give, present, and allow to sundry Eledors of the said Borough, and to several persons who had, or claimed a right to vote at the said election for the said Borough, money, meat, drink, reward, entertainment, and provision, in order to procure the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, to be elected for the said Borough, in open defiance of the Law; and that the said Marquis, previously to and during the poll, was, by himself and by his agents, guilty of bribery and corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right to vote at the said election, in order to procure the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert,

Baronet, to be returned as persons duly elected; and that the said Marquis did, in presence of good and sufficient witnesses, so express himself before the poll as to announce a pre-determined resolution existing in his mind to render his illegal interference effectual, by means of bribery and corruption; and that the said interference of the said Marquis, to the great injury of the Petitioners, did essen-tially and materially contribute to produce that temporary success, and that return of the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, against which the Petitioners now pray; and that, in consequence of the said illegal interference of the said Marquis, a Baron and a Peer of Parliament and of the Realm, of his own unlawful and corrupt practices, and co-operating therewith, the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, obtained a colourable majority of votes on the poll, and were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice to the Petitioners, who are not duly represented; and that public and sufficient notice of the bribery and treating committed and done, and of the ineligibility of the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, to receive votes at the said election, and that votes given to them the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, would be thrown away, was given to the Eledors of the said Borough, but that, notwithstanding such notice, sundry of the Eledors of the said Borough did afterwards deliberately, and with foreknowledge of the bribery and treating committed by the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert L, Baronet, and others, persist in tendering and in giving their votes to the said Edward Wilbraharn Bootle, Esquire, and Sir Robert,

Baronet; though fully and publicly apprized that such

N ’ * votes

46

Q?—3° Decemhris. A, 1802, ..

votes would be thrown away as aforesaid; and that sundry of the said Electors were guilty of bribery and bribing, and of wilful and corrupt perjury, having taken the Bribery Oath, though they had previously been bribed: And therefore praying, That- the House will take the premises into their serious consideration, and will grant to the Petitioners such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into conlkleration upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Atts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their af-, tendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

epert on Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the r'lrebndT* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Militia Laws of Ireland, the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in . Ireland, be authorized to advance any Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, for defraying the expence of filling up vacancies in the Militia t)f Ireland; and that such Sums be repaid out of such Monies as shall be raised by the several Counties, and Counties of Cities and Towns respectively, for that purpose.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon ‘ the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, that they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 3° die Decemhris;

Anno 43*Georgii IIltli Regis, 1802.

Pit AY IK S.

I. Giles's Wial Ground petition, re-lorted.

1

■i

MR. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Rest or of the

Parish of Saint Giles-in-tke-Fields, in the County of ■dlesex, and the Churchwardens, and other Vestrymen of t he laid Parish, on'behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was referred; That the 'Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, -and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Page being examined, said, That the Population of the said Parish has lately much increased, and is (till further increasing, the Church-yard whereof is too small, and is now so full, Chat there is not sufficient room therein for the interment of -the Parishioners: that from the finallness of the said Churchyard, and the great number of Bodies buried therein, the lame is rendered oifenfrve and unwholesome to the Inhabitants of the neighbourhood.—And the Witness added.

.7

That there is not any proper place within the said Paril1t that can be appropriated as a Cemetery or Burial Ground; and it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a proper piece of Ground was provided in a convenient situation, within any adjoining Parish, to be made use of as a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and a Chapel erected for performing the Burial Service therein.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles-in-t he-Fields, in the county of ; and

that Mr. Alderman Combe and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Worcesterar. larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the 33d year of R^d^Biu the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually committed, amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadejbourne Bridge,

within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester,

and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Burden presented to the House, according to Order, Hofdi’s a Bill for naturalizing Isaac Hofch: And the fame was received; and read the full: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the lame were delivered in at the Table.

And the names of the places to which the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the lad class mentioned in the Resolution of the House of the 24th day of November lait) were put into the glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk, in the following order:

A Petition of John Maaiamara, of Langoed Cajile, in the -R^nor County of Brecon, Esquire, was read •, letting forth. That, F>diou— by a Standing Order of the House, it is resolved as fol- Petition of lows; that is to say, " That if any Person hereafter to be J^’t,ciia" " elected into a place for to fit and serve in the House of " Commons for any county, city, town, port, or borough,

" after the telle or the ilfuing out of the writ of election,

" upon the calling or summoning any Parliament here-" after, or after any such place becomes vacant hereafter " in the time of Parliament, shall, by himself, or by " any other on his behalf, or at his charge, at any time be-" fore the day of his election, give any person having voice " in any such elections any meat or drink, exceeding in the true value Ten Pounds in the whole, in any place or " places but in his own dwelling-house or habitation,

" being the usual place of his abode for six months lall " pall, or shall, before such election be made and declared,

" make any other present, gift, or reward, or any promise,

" obligation, or engagement to do the lame, either to any " such person or persons in particular, or so any such " county, city, town, port, or borough, in general, or to or for the use and benefit of them or any of them, every such entertainment, present, gift, reward., promise, obli-" gation, or engagement, is by this House declared to be " Bribery; and such entertainment, present, gift, reward,

" promise, obligation, or engagement, being duly proved,

" is and shall be sufficient ground, cause, and matter to " make every such election void, as to the person so offend-" ing, and to render the person so elected incapable to

* fit in Parliament by such election;" and that by an Act, passed in the 7th year of the reign of King IVUii.im the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing charge and ■*c expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," it was enacted and declared, " That no person or persons <c thereafter to be elected to serve in Parliament for any " county, city, town, borough, port, or place, within the " kingdom of England, dominion of I Vales, or Town of " Berwick-upon-Tweed, after the telle of the writ of summons to Parliament, or after the telle or issuing out or " ordering of the writ or writs of election upon the calling " or summoning of any Parliament thereafter, or after any such place should become vacant thereafter in the time

" of

43 Geo. , III*

3° Decern b

47

« of the then present or of* any other Parliament, should " thereafter, by himself or themselves, or by any other ways or means, on his or their behalf, or at his or their charge, before his or Parliament for any county.

Parliament for the reasons aforesaid,' and of which due notice was given to the said High Sheriff as before dated, and against which Return of the said Walter Wilkins the their election to serve in Petitioner publicly protested to the Returning Officer; city, town, borough, port, and that, by reason of such acts of bribery and treating

« or place, directly or indirectly give, present, or allow to as aforesaid, in violation of the Laws of this Realm, and in " any person or persons, having voice or vote at such elec- contempt of the Standing Order of the House, the said " tion, any money,’meat, drink, entertainment, or provi- Walter Wilkins is disabled and incapacitated to serve in " lion, or nuke any present, gift, reward, or entertainment. Parliament for such County, and is to be deemed and " or should at any time thereafter make any promise, agree- taken no Member of Parliament, and ought not to ad, fit,

" ment, obligation, or engagement 'to give or allow any or have any vote or place in Parliament, but is to all in-money, meat, drink, provision, present, reward, or enter- tents, constructions, and purposes, as if he had never been " tainment to or for any such person or persons in parti- returned or elected Member for the Parliament; and that " cular, or to any such county, city, town, borough, port, the said Walter , being for the reasons aforesaid, in*

,! or place, in general, or to or for the use, advantage, be- capable of being -returned and elected as Member of the " nefit, employment, profit, or preferment, of any such said County, and the Petitioner having given public notice " person or persons, place or places, in order to be elected, to the Returning Officer, as well as to the Freeholders af-" or for being elected, to serve in Parliament for such sembled at the said election, of such the incapacity of the " county, city, tawn, borough, port,- or placeand it said Walter Wilkins, the Petitioner submits that such votes was thereby further enacted and declared, " That every as were given in favour of the said Walter Wilkins afe and " person or persons so giving, presenting, or allowing, must be considered as utterly null and void, and that the " making, promising, or engaging, doing, acting, or pro- Petitioner ought therefore to have been returned Member " ceerling, should be, and were thereby declared and for the said County: And therefore praying, That the " enacted disabled and incapacitated upon such election election of the said Walter Wilkins may be declared null and " to serve in Parliament for such county, city, town, bo- void, and the return of the said writ altered and amended,

" rough, port, or place, and that such person should be by striking out the name of the said Walter Wilkins, and by "deemed and- taken, and were thereby declared and inserting the name of the Petitioner in his room and stead;

" enacted, to be deemed and taken, no Member in Par- and that an early day may be appointed for taking the " liament, and should not ad, fit, or have any vote or aforesaid premises into consideration.

" place in Parliament, but should be, and were thereby Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-and enacted to be, to all intents, constructions, tion upon Tuesday, the 29th day of March next, at Three

of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be IXkins, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of County in Parliament; and that he the said Walter Wilkins the matter of the said Petition, did, by himself or by his agents, friends, and managers,

with his privity and consent, and on his behalf, before and A Petition of the there undersigned Freemen of the Town Kingsfon* -between the teste or issuing out of the writ of election and or Borough of in the County of the fame upon-Huit

theday of such election, give to persons having votes at such Town, on behalf of themselves and others, the Freemen of petftforTof* election, meat, drink, entertainment, or provision; and'did the Town aforesaid, was read; setting forth. That by a Freeeien. also by himself, his agents, or friends, with his privity and Standing Order of the House of Commons, it is resolved as

__________ !.»• 1 1 1 i.i_i. a. _ r_ tc. T1! _ !f_ __/*_ 1 r.

exu

r.'es, as if they had been never returned or elected " Members for the Parliament;" and that at the last elec-tio;. for the County of Radnor, the Petitioner and Walter

concurrence, and at his charge, and on his behalf, make and give to such persons so having votes, money, presents, gifts, and rewards: and did also, during the said election as well is previous thereto, make divers promises and agreements, and enter into obligations and engagements, to give and allow such persons meat, drink, provisions, presents,. rewards, and entertainments, in order and with a view to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said County, contrary to and in defiance of the Standing Order of the House hereinbefore recited, and in contempt of the provisions of the Act passed in the 7th year of the reign of King Gillian-the Third hereinbefore recited; and that at the said election, the Petitioner previous to the commencement of the poll, as well as during the taking of the fame, dtd publicly give notice to John Sherburne, Esquire, High Sheriff for the said County of Radnor, and to the Freeholders assembled at the said place of polling, as clearly and distinctly as the interruptions of the said Walter Wilkins, and his friends and agents and partizans would allow him,

‘‘ Thar the said Walter Wilkins had been guilty of notorious and public Acts of bribery and treating, and of other corrupt and illegal practices, with a view to his said elec-hon; and that he had thereby become disabled and incapacitated from serving in Parliament for such County; and •nat the votes of such persons as were or should be given on the behalf of the said Walter Wilkins, must, for the reasons aforesaid, be utterly void and of :.one effect;" and that the Petit- - - - ......

follows; that is to say, " That if any person hereafter to " be elected into a place for to fit and serve in the House " of Commons for any county, city, town, port, or bo-<f rough, after the teste or the issuing out of the writ of " election, upon the calling or summoning any Parliament " hereafter, or after any such place becomes vacant bere-" after in the time of Parliament, shall, by himself, or by " any other on his behalf, or at his charge* at any time " before the day of his election, give any person or persons, " having voice in any such elections, any meat or drink, " exceeding in the true value Ten Pounds in the •whole, u in any place or places but in his own dwelling-house or " habitation, being the usual place of his abode for fix !c months last past, or shall, before, such election be made " and declared, make any other present, gift, or reward, of any promise, obligation, or engagement to do the fame,

‘ either to any such person or persons in particular, or to ‘ any such county, city, town, port, or borough in general,

‘ or to or for the use or benefit of them, or any of them,

' every such entertainment, present, gift, reward, promise, obligation, or engagement, is by this House declared to be Bribery; and such entertainment, present, gift, reward, promise, obligation, or engagement being duly proved, is, and shall be sufficient ground, cause, and matter, to make every such election void as to the person so offending, and to render the person so elected incapable to fit in Parliament by such election;" and that by

loner ought to be returned as Member for the said an Act, passed in the 7th year of the reign of King William

County; and that by reason of certain unconstitutional interference, and other the aforesaid corrupt and illegal piadices and premises, many votes were-procured in favour °‘ the said Walter Wilkins, and many Eledors in the in-kreft of the Petitioner induced to withhold their votes;

that, by these and other illegal means, the said Walter "kim did procure a colourable majority of votes on the PpU over the Petitioner, and was returned by the High pCri $ John Sherburne, Esquire, as Member for the said County> notwithstanding such his incapacity to serve in Voi. 58.

the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing charge and " expences in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,* reciting, that " Whereas grievous complaints are made, and " manifestly appear to be true, in the kingdom, of undue * elections of Members to Parliament, by excessive and " exorbitant expences, contrary to the Laws, and in viola-" tion of the freedom due to the election of Representa-" tives for the Commons of England in Parliament, to the great feandal of the kingdom, dishonourable, and may be destrudive to the constitution of Parliaments, where-

" fore.

48

3° Decemb

A. 1802.

:1>:

" fort, for remedy therein, and that all elections of Mem- not to act, fit, or have any vote or place in Parliament, but * bers to serve in Parliament may be hereafter freely and is to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if he had * indifferently made, without charge or expenceit was never been returned or elected Member for the Parliament; enacted and declared, That no person or persons there- and that the said Samuel Thornton was also, by himself, his after to be elected to l'crve in Parliament for any county, agents, and friends, guilty of bribery at the said election, city, town, borough, port, or place within the kingdom and that thereby, and by divers other illegal and corrupt of England, after the teste of the writ of summons to Par- practices, the said Samuel Thornton obtained a colourable liament, or after the teste, or the issuing out, or ordering majority on the poll, and procured himself to be returned, of the writ or writs of election upon the calling or summon- though the majority of legal uncorrupted votes was in fa-ing of any Parliament thereafter, or after any such place your of the said Deunifon, or William t,

should become vacant thereafter, in the time of the then one of whom ought to have been returned, but for the present or of any other Parliament, should thereafter, by corrupt practices aforesaid, of the said Samuel Thornton: himself, or themselves, or by any other ways or means, on And therefore praying, That the House will appoint an his or their behalf, or at his or their charge, before his or early day for taking the premises into consideration, and their election to serve in Parliament for any county, city, grant them such redress as the House shall deem meet, town, borough, port, or place, directly or indirectly, give. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-present, or allow to any person or persons having voice or tion upon Thursday, the 31ft day of March next, at Three vote in such election, any money, meat, drink, entertain- of the clock in the Afternoon.

ment, or provision, or make any present, gift, reward, or Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or war-entertainment, or should at any time thereafter make any rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be promise, agreement, obligation, or engagement to give or thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of allow any money, meat, drink, provision, present, reward, the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

or entertainment, to or for any such person or persons in particular, or to any such county, city, town, borough, port, or place in general, or to or for the use, advantage, benefit, employment, profit, or preferment of any such person or persons, place or places, in order to be elected, or for being elected to serve in Parliament for such county, city, borough, town, port, or place; and it was thereby further enacted and declared, That every person and persons so giving, presenting, or allowing, making, promising, or engaging, doing, acting, or proceeding, should be, and were thereby declared and enacted, disabled and incapacitated Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to order iriHi Militi upon such election to serve in Parliament for such county, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the primed, city, town, borough, port, or place, and that such person Militia of Ireland, and for filling up vacancies therein: or persons should be deemed and taken, and were thereby And the fame was received; and read the first time, declared and enacted to be deemed and taken no Mem- Resolved, That the Bill be read a lccond time, bers in Parliament, and should not ad, fit, or have any OThat the said Bill be read a second time upon vote or place in Parliament, but should be, and were thereby Monday next, enacted and declared to be, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if they had been never returned or elected Members for the Parliament; and that at the last election

for the 1'own and Borough of Kingston-upon-Hullaforesaid,

Samuel Thornton, John Staniforth, William Joseph Dennison,

and William Bell, Esquires, were Candidates to represent the said Town in Parliament; and that the said Samuel Thornton, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, did, after the teste and the issuing out of the writ of election, give to persons having vote in such election, meat and drink, and also made other presents, gifts, and rewards, to such persons contrary to, and in defiance of, the Standing Order of the House hereinbefore recited; and that the Petitioners pray, that they may be allowed, without loss of time, duly to prove the lame, as a sufficient ground, cause, and matter, to make the said election void as to the said Samuel Thornton, and to render the said Samuel Thornton incapable to fit

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. WellejjeyPole presented to the House, pursuant to Oj^nance

their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called Britain, for the year 1803; also of the said Charge in Ireland, for the the said year—Land Service.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.'

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and

presented.

Attmi (No.:

Indcmnit -Bill, orde

in Parliament by such election; and that the said Samuel

Thornton, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and r - . ...... , -

by other ways and means, on the behalf, or at the charge the time limited for those purposes; to m-

of him the (kid Samuel Thornton, did, after the teste or or- °smmfV Members and Officers in cities, corporations, and dering the writs of election upon the summoning this borough towns;, whole admissions have been omitted to be present Parliament, and before his election, give, present, , amPe^ according to Law, or, haying been stamped, have

1 11 i* . .1 r 1 1 been O r nr miflain JinH fnr n ruuinfr timp fn nrnvir

and allow to persons having voice or vote in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give or allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, advantages, and entertainments, to and for several persons so having, or claiming right to vote in the said

been loft or millaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures ot Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the Clerks of

election, and to or for the use, advantage, benefit, and ^ie ^eace within the time directed by Law, and for exprofit, of such persons (b having, or claiming aright to tiding the time limited for that purpose: And that Mr. vote in the said election, in order to procure him the said Nicholas Vinfiitart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor Samuel Thornton to be elected to serve in Parliament for the General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, laid Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, contrary to,

and in contempt of, the provisions of the Ad, passed in the , That the Order of die day, for the House to

7th year of the reign of King William the Third, herein- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to before recited, whereby the said Samuel Thornton is disabled consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted and incapacitated, upon such election, to serve in Parlia- to His Majesty, be now read, ment for the said down of Kingston-upon-Hull, and is to be . And the said Order being read accordingly; deemed and taken no Member in Parliament, and ought . The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Commit W;iys in Means.

4

; :o|

"'M

•j

a

Mr.

43 Geo. III.

3° Decembr

49

’• V'!3

n

to

(■G

■if

iff'-'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. acts committed and done by the said Edward

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee; Bootle, and Sir Robert Lavoies, the Petitioner apprehends

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. that the said and Sir

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they ley were ineligible to Parliament, and incapable of being

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed elected and returned as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for him to report, when the House will please to receive the the said Borough; and that public and sufficient notice lime. of the briber)1'and treating committed and done by the said

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Edward Wilbraham Bootle and Sir Robert Lazvley, and of next. their ineligibility in consequence thereof, and that votes

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was given to them would be thrown away, was given to the directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Electors of the said Borough, but that, notwithstanding leave to fit again. such notice, sundry of the Electors of the said Borough did

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, deliberately, and with foreknowledge (as well from the said refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to notice as from the notoriety of the fads) of the briber)' and consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply treating committed and done by the said Edward -

granted to His Majesty. ham Bootle and Sir Robert Law ley, and by their agents,

persist in tendering and in giving their votes to the said fciBtf A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto Edward Wilbraham and Sir Robert Lawley, though.

bOmw subscribed, being Owners, or part Owners, of BrilijhShips, fully and publicly apprized that they were ineligible, and JniiTm- within the limits of the Port of Liverpool, was presented to that votes so given rvould be thrown away; and that several ■ftHoki. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Act, passed of the Electors of the said Borough were at the said elec-during the last Session of Parliament, imposing certain tion, and previously thereto, guilty of bribery, and of bribing Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering out- and corrupting, and of attempting to bribe and (jprrupt wards or inwards (except in ballast) in any Port of Great other Electors of the said Borough, and that Votes so given Britain, to or from Foreign parts, is likely to be productive by persons guilty as aforesaid are by Law declared to be of great injury to the Petitioners, and to the interests of null and void; and that several of the Electors of the said BrilijhShip Owners in general; and that a variety of causes Borough were at the said election guilty of wilful and have for some time operated to the discourageinent of corrupt perjury; and that several Electors of the said British Shipping, and to the depreciation of its value, threat- Borough, and divers other persons interesting themselves ening in their consequences to transfer the carrying Trade and interfering in the said Election, were at the said elec-to Foreigners; and, if the additional burthen now imposed tion, and previously thereto, guilty of subornation of per-beperlilted in, this branch of commerce, so beneficial to jury, to the injury of the Petitioner; and that in confe-the Petitioners, and so important, in every point of view, quence of the said bribery and treating, and of the said to the Nation at large, will probably be, in a great measure, attempts to bribe and corrupt, and by other unlawful and loft to the Country: The Petitioners, for these reasons, corrupt practices co-operating therewith, the said Edward beg leave to express a confident hope, that the principle, Wilbraham Bootle and Sir Robert Lazvley, notwithstanding Which has lb invariably been acted upon by the British fuc’n public notice of their ineligibility given as aforesaid, Legislature, to protect and encourage the Shipping of the and that votes given to them would be thrown away, ob-Merchants, as a main source ot National Wealth and Naval tained a colourable majority of votes on the poll, and were Power, will not, in the present instance, be departed from: returned to serve in Parliament ior the said Borough, in

And therefore praying. That so much of the said Act, as prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a majority of legal imposestbe several Duties therein mentioned on the Ton- votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: nageof Ships and Vessels entering outwards or inwards And therefore praying, That the House will take the pre-(exceptin ballast) in any Port of Great Britain to or from mises into their consideration, and will grant to him such, Foreign parts, may be repealed, or that the House will relief as to the House shall seem meet, grant the Petitioners such other relief as shall seem meet. That the said Petition be taken into confide-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ration upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, at the same time that the Petition of Joseph , Gentleman,

A Petition of Oliver Beckett, Esquire, was delivered in one of the Electors of the Borough ot at the Table, and read; setting forth, That Edward Wil- in the County of Stafford, and of several other Electors of t hraham Bootle, Esquire, Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, the the said Borough, whole names are thereunto subscribed, is ‘ Petitioner, and Joseph Janies, Esquire, were Candidates at ordered to be taken into consideration.

l^-Lyme

the election for the Borough of NezvcaJlle-under-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, which election commenced on Tuesday the 6th day of July last, and continued until Friday, the 9th day of the lame month inclusive; and that the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and Sir Robert -

ty. after the dilsolution of the last Parliament and the suing of the writ for the new election, and previously to 2nd during the poll, did, by themselves, and by their agents, 2nd by other ways and means, on the behalf, and at the charge of the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle arid Sir wen Lawley, give, present, and allow to sundry of the

Memorandum.

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war-

0.r._....., __________ rants, for such persons, papers, and ,records, as shall be

Electors of the said Borough, and to several who had, or thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of who claimed a right to vote at the said election for the said the matter of the said Petition.

Borough, money, meat, drink, reward, entertainment, and

provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s i^ncaftec the said Borough, in open defiance and in violation of the Gaol the Castle of was presented to the House,

Law. -,r, A.1,-. r..:j j?j..j ur:n...-c;, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief. * ion*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lid upon the Table.

2W; and that the said Edward Wilbraham and Sir Robert Lawley, previously to and during the poll, were, by themselves, and by their agents, guilty of bribery and cor-uption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt several persons who had, or claimed to have, a right to vote at the raid election, in order to procure themselves to be returned

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Supply refoive itfelF into a Committee of the whole House, to detem<1-

2s duly elected; and that the Mayor and Bailiffs of the consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.d Borough, as Returning Officers, during the said poll, pitted many good votes, who tendered to vote for the And then the House adjourned till Monday

Petitioner, and admitted many bad votes for the said Ed- . Morning next. Ten of the clocks

ward Wilbraham Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley; and that in consequence of the bribery and treating, and of other illegal

50

6° Decembris.

Lunce, 6° die Decembns

Anno 43* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

:fn?erpu°ii A ®H->L for dividing,' allotting, and inclosing, the immitted.* 1 Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Widmerpool, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Cavendijk Bentinck, Mr. Pie &c. :-And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

orthaw, 4c. A Petition of William , Esquire, Lord of the ethion? Manor of Norlhaw, Nyn, and , in the County of HertfoYd, and of the several Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed. Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Norlhaw, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is, within the Manor and Parish of Norlhaw, a Trad'of waste or commonable Land, capable of great improvement, if the fame was incloted, and divided among the Proprietors: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, the said waste or commonable Land.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mr. Plumer, and Mr. Penifton , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

worthing . Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the letit^on re- Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto Sorted. ’ subscribed, being Owners of Houses, or Inhabitants, within

I the Hamlet of Worthing, part of the Parish of Broadwater,

I in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee

I had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

| House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with;

|j and that the Committee had examined the matter of the

fj said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as

;j it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

ij port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

• i Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol-

j loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

; George Mant being examined, said, That the streets, lanes,

ways, passages, and places, now made and built, and which

■ are at present making and building within the said Hamlet

- of Worthing, are in many parts incommodious and unsafe

for Passengers; are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched; are very narrow and inconvenient, and subject 5 to various annoyances, incroachments, and obstructions:

’ That other streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, are

intended to be built or made within the said Hamlet,

<1 which may be subject or liable to similar inconveniences;

and that it would tend greatly to the benefit and convenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses within the Cud Hamlet, and to the safety and convenience of all j persons resorting thereto, if adequate powers were granted

for paving, lighting, cleansing, widening, watching, and regulating the said streets and places, and for removing and preventing annoyances, incroachments, and obstructions therein; and if an effective Police were established in the said Hamlet, and a Market were established, held, and regulated within the same.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving,

lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and* Places, within the Hamlet of

J Worthing, in the County of Sussex, for removing and preventing annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein; for establishing an effective Police in the said Hamlet; and all’o for establishing and regulating a Market there: And that Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Porter do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account*, Ire. The House being informed that Mr. BradJhaW, from the predated. Commissioners of the Customs iq Scotland^ attended at

1802.

the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of,

Parliament,

Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners for Northern Northern Lighthouses: And also, Lighthouse*.'.

An Account of what number of Ships from Scotland Whale ship,' . have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's from Scotlant-Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1801 to the loth of October 1802.

Mr. Bradshaw also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Bounties on Corn and Rice imported Bounties <m . J info Scotland, from ill January 1801 to 5th July 1802, j^po’rt^'int being the latest period to which the fame can be made up. Scotland.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The first of the said Accounts is preserved amongst: J

the other Papers of this Session; and the said Ab- Appendix, J stract, and the other of the said Accounts, are in- (No. 6.) -ferted in the Appendix to this volume. •

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of:

the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; Taxes^pre-and, at the Bar, pretented to the House, pursuant to their feuted.

Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent: v

Taxes, in the years ending the loth October 1801 and 1802 respeChvcly; dillinguishing each Quarter. ■:;

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.: \

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. -

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the i

Members of the House.;

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to .,

this volume. (No. 7.;-...

* w.* j

A Petition of the Common Brewers, Innkeepers, and Petition of Victuallers, of the County of Gloucej, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners

conceive the Duties or Taxes laid upon Beer and Ale, to :■—;

be partial and oppressive, inasmuch as the fame only afiedt those persons who brew such Beer and Ale for sale, and not the Public in general; and that, if the said Duties 3

were repealed, and a Duty in lieu thereof charged upon Malt, it would be more impartial, as it would afledt the Public in general, and add a considerable increase to the

Revenue, and also lave a very great expence, by a reduction of the Revenue Officers, who are now necessarily em- ‘ '

ployed in gauging and excifing such Beer and Ale: And ....

therefore praying the House to take the premises into confederation, and furnish such relief as tliall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return, for the Burghs of Dunfermline, Stirling, .;

Inverkeithing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, were delivered in at the Table, and read, as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cock- Dunferml rane, of the Royal Navy, was read; setting forth, That at _fpctitk>r' the last Election held at the Borough of on Captain A -

the 30th day of July 1802, of a llcpresentative or Burgess '-K ■

to serve in this present Parliament for the CJafs or Diitricl * ;C of Boroughs, confiding of Dunfeimline, Stirling, -

ing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, in Scotland, Sir John Henderson, .: j

ot Fordel, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates;

and that James Moodie, Esquire, Commissioner or Dele-gate for the said Borough of Dunfermline (being the presiding Burgh) John Glass, senior, Eiqui e, as Commissioner or "I;

Delegate for the said Borough of Stirling, and Mr. Alexander Maconochie, Advocate, as Comm.ffioiier or Delegate for the Borough of Queensferry, ail voted for the Petitioner;:

and Robert Bruce Henderson, Esquire, as Commissioner or Delegate for the said' Borough of Inn.rkeithing, the said f,

Sir John Henderson himself, as Commissioner or Delegate for the said Borough oi Culrofs, and John Syme, of,

Esquire, pretending to be also a Commissioner or Delegate

{j

43 Geo. III.

66 Decenibris.

51

u^OUltt,

aHriw

lr.nes n

T., if,

i>U

So. 6.)

cc;:rof

(M,

id

hi

cria of

r^Ct

JiJSft

•#r;

said Sir Jc/wi Henderson, and his agents and managers, and others on his part and behalf, but also because the said pretended election of the said John as l'uch Commissioner or Delegate for the said Borough of

for the said Borough of Queensferry, voted for the said Sir Member in this present Parliament For the laid District John Henderson-, and the aforesaid James Moodie, Esquire^ of Boroughs; and also, that the said election and return as Commissioner or Delegate for the said Borough of Dun- of the said Sir John Henderson, by mearis of the unlawful fermline, thus observing an apparent equality of votes, de- and corrupt practices, aforesaid, were and are entirely null dared the decisive or carting vote, competent to him as and void j and that the said Sir John Henderson was and is, Commissioner of the prcliding Borough, in favour of the therefore, incapable of fitting as a Member of this present Petitioner; and that the commission produced at the said Parliament for the said District of Boroughs: And there-election by the said John Syme, as Commissioner or Dele- fore praying the House to take this Petition into confide-gatefor the said Borough of Queensferry, was in itself null ration, and to declare the Petitioner duly elected; and and void, not only because the pretended election of the that the Petitioner ought aidrie to have been returned to fed John Syme, as l'uch Commissioner or Delegate for the serve in this present Parliamefit for the said District of said Borough of Queensferry, was brought about, procured. Boroughs; and to order the name of the said Sir John and effected by bribery and corruption, and by other Henderson to be erased from the said return, and to grant undue, unlawful, and unconstitutional means, and by open the Petitioner such other and further relief in the premises force and violence committed, practised, and used by the as to the House shall seem meet. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the sift day of this instant: December; at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon..

A Petition of Sir John Baronet, was also read;

took place, and was.had and made after the said Alexander setting forth, That at the last election of a Representative or. Maconochii had been duly chosen Commissioner or Dele- Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Class or District of gate for the said Borough by the majority of the Electors Boroughs, consisting of the five several Boroughs of thereof, so that no other Commissioner or Delegate could ling, Inverkeithing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, in

afterwards be legally chosen for the said Borough to vote that part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, held at at the said election of Members to serve in this present Dunfermling aforesaid, on the 30th day of July last, the Parliament for the said District of Boroughs; and also be- - Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, and the Peti-cause the said pretended election of the said John Syme was tioner, were Candidates; and that, at the said election, made by persons not duly qualified or entitled t6 vote at Robert Bruce Henderson, of Earl's Hall, El'quire, being the such election of Commissioner or Delegate for the said Commissioner or Delegate legally chosen for the said Bo-Borough of Queensferry-, and the said commission of the rough of Inverkeithing, and producing a Commission duly laid John Syme was illegal, informal, null and void; and executed and authenticated as the Law requires, voted for the said election of the said John Syme was made contrary the Petitioner; that John Syme, of Carlmore, Esquire, being to, and in defiance and violation of, the Statutes made and the Commissioner or Delegate legally chosen for the said, provided for regulating the Elections of Commissioners or Borough of Queensferry, and producing a commission duly Delegates of Boroughs to choose Members torepresent the executed and authenticated as the Law requires, voted for Boroughs of Scotland in Parliament; and that the election the Petitioner; that the Petitioner, being himself the of the aforesaid Robert Brute Henderson, as Commissioner or Commissioner or Delegate legally chosen for the said Bo-* Delegate for the Borough of Inner keif king, to vote at the rough of Culrofs, and producing a commission duly exe-iaid election of Members to serve in this present Parlia- cuted and authenticated as the Law requires, voted for tnent for the said District of Boroughs, was brought about, the Petitioner; and, moreover, that John Thomson, Esquire, procured, and effected by undue, unlawful, and unconfti- being the Commissioner or Delegate legally chosen for the tutional means, practised and used by the said Sir John said Borough of Stirling, appeared at the said election, and Henderson and his agents and managers, and others bn his voted, under protest, for the Petitioner; and that John part and behalf, and was made by persons not duly qua- Glass, Esquire, pretending to be the legal Commissioner or lified or entitled to vote at such election of Commissioner Delegate for the said Borough of Stirling, and producing-or Delegate; and the said commission of the said Robert a commission authenticated as the Law requires, voted for Bruce Henderson was illegal, informal, null and void, and the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane-, and that that such election of the said Robert Bruce Henderson was Mr. James Moodie, pretending to be the legal Commis-contrary to the Statutes made and provided for regulating fioner or Delegate for the said Borough of,

the elections of Commissioners or Delegates of Boroughs and producing a commission purporting to be authenti-to choose Members to represent the Boroughs of Scotland cated by the lubfciiption of Robert Hutton (therein styling in Parliament; and that the election of the said Sir John himself " Clerk") and by the Common Seal of the Bo-Hendafon, as Commissioner or Delegate for the Borough rough, also voted for the said Honourable Captain Alexei Culrofs, to vote at the said election of Members to serve ander Cochrane-, and that, at the said election, the Peti-in this present Parliament for the said District of Boroughs, tioner, thus having the legal votes of the rightful Dele-was brought about, procured, and effected by undue, un- gates of the four several Boroughs of Inverkeithing, lawful, and unconstitutional means, practised and used by ferry, Culrofs, and Stirling, was duly elected the Burgess to the said Sit John Henderson, and his agents and managers, serve io Parliament; and, farther, that the Petitioner also and others bn his part and behalf, and was made by persons having (as above set forth) the votes of the major part of not duly qualified or entitled to vote at such election of the Delegates assembled, who produced commissions duly Commissioner or Delegate; and that the said commit executed and authenticated by the subscription of the fi°o of the said Sir John Henderson was illegal, informal, Common Clerk and Common Seal of their respective Bo-null and void; and that such election of the said Sir John roughs, as the Law requires, ought forthwith to have been Henderson, as Commissioner or Delegate for the said Bo- returned singly, as the only person duly elected; but that rough of Culrofs, was contrary to the Statutes made and Robert Hutton, as Common Clerk of the said Borough of provided for regulating the elections of Commissioners or Dunfermling, the presiding Borough of the District for the Delegatesof Boroughs to choose Members to represent the time, did nevertheless, from motives of gross and shameful Boroughs of Scotland in Parliament; and that Robert partiality, take upon him, in direct violation of his duty Hutton, Common Clerk of the Borough of Dunfermline, and oath of office, under sundry frivolous pretences, partied who, as such, was Returning Officer at the said elec- cularly under the colour or pretext of a certain fraudulent tioooof a Member to serve in this present Parliament for and fallely-fabricated paper, purporting to be a commis-the said District of Boroughs, has, notwithstanding, thought fion of Delegate from the said Borough of Queensferry, in Proper to return the Petitioner, and the said Sir John Hen- favour of Alexander Maconochie, Esquire, Advocate, wil-» wJoh, " or one or other of them, as their respective rights fully to make a false, undue, and vexatious return, tb the * ftould afterwards be determined in due course of Law, great injury and manifest detriment of the Petitioner, by as the Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for the returning the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane along ! kid Class or District of Boroughs;" whereas the Peti- or conjundly with the Petitioner, involving thereby the

boner contends, and submits to the House, that he had roe majority of legal votes at the said election, and was duty elected, and ought to have been alone returned as Voi.58. ' '

Petitioner in much unnecessary trouble, litigation, and expence; and that, moreover, the several elections, or pretended elections, of the said several pretended Commit

sioners

Dunfermline

See.

Eie&ion—» Petition of Sir John Henderson#

1

52

t>° hecemhrls.

A. 1802;

lioners or Delates, in the interest of the said Honourable Charity called Sir ’Thomas White’s Charity, and gifts of Captain Alexander Cochrane, were all and each of them money from both the said Charities; and that by these made by unqualified persons, were illegal arid contrary to means the said Francis William Barlow and Nathaniel the Statutes in that case made and provided, and, in parti- did procure themselves to be returned as Citizens to fcular, were procured or brought about by Bribery and serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said other undue and corrupt practices, and that the commis- William Wilber force Bird and Peter Moore were duly cleft ed* lions pretended to be given to the said persons severally and ought to have been returned; And therefore praying were also illegal, informal, and essentially defective; and the House to take the premises into their confederation, finally, that at the said election, not only the majority of and to grant such relief as to the Horise shall seem meet, legal votes, or of the votes of the duly chosen Delegates, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera* but also the majority of the votes of the duly commissioned tion upon Tuesday; the 21 ft day of this instant December* Delegates, were incontrovertibly in favour of the Peti- at the lame time that the Petition of William WilberforcC' tioner: And therefore praying the House to take this Bird, Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire, is ordered to bfi Petition into consideration, and grant the Petitioner such taken into consideration.

relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iil'ue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

tion at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of

the matter of the said Petition.

Then the names of the places to which the residue of the* laid Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of the last Class mentioned in the liesolution of the House of the 24th day of November last) were put into the glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk, in the following order:

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- leominster unto subscribed, being Electors of Members to serve in of^UonoT Parliament for the Borough of L in the County Elector», of Hereford, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, was read; letting forth. That at the last Election of two Members to serve in this present PifUia-nient for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Her ford, the Honourable Charles Kinnaird, John Lubbock,

oventry £lection— nition of ret men.

be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

And several other Petitions, complaining of undue elections and returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the fame were delivered in at the Table.

Then Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had deceived a letter from Thomas Bourchier, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, dated " Crown and Hanaper Office, Dublin, 2d Dece nber 1802," inclosing a Petition of Ezekiel Daws Wilson, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of the Town of Carrickfergits, which Petition had been on that day lodged and William Taylor, Esquires, vrer.e Candidates; and that at in his office: And the said Petition was laid upon the the said election a poll was demanded and taken for the Table. said Candidates, before John Tudor, Esquire, who was Bailiff,

And one of the said Petitions appearing to relate to an and Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that, be-Election and Return, concerning which the House had re- fore and after the teste of the writ for the said election, and ceived a Petition on a former day, the fame was read, as at and during the said election, the said Charles Kinnaird. followeth; viz. and John Lubbock, by themselves, their agents, and ma-

A Petition of Thomas Mills, Thomas Morris, George Grif- nagers, and others employed by them, and on their behalf, fin, and James Hoggins, on behalf of themselves and other were, and each of them, the said Charles Kinnaird and John the Freemen of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the Lubbock, by himself, his agents, and managers, and others election of Representatives in Parliament for the said City, employed by him, and on his behalf, was, guilty of bribery was read; letting forth, That at the last election of Citizens and corruption, and did, by gifts and rewards, and by proto serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, Francis Wil- mises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, cor-liam Barlow, Nathaniel Jefferys, William Wilberforce Bird, rupt and procure divers Electors of the said Borough to

and Peter Moore, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Francis William Barlow, and Nathaniel Jeffcrys were, by themselves and agents, guilty of notorious bribery and treating, and of other undue, illegal, corrupt, and unwar-

give their votes at the said election for the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock, and for each of them, and to refuse, and forbear to give their votes at the said election for the said William Taylor; and that the said Charles -

rantable practices, in violation of the freedom of election, and by themselves, their agents, and

and in prejudice of the rights of the Petitioners and others, managers, and others on their behalf, and each of them Freemen of the said City; and that the Sheriffs of the said the laid Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock, by himfclt, his

agents, and managers, and others on his behalf, alter the teste of the writ for the said election, and at and during the said election, and before the election of the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of did give, present.

City admitted several persons to vote for the said Francis William Barlow, and Nathaniel Jefferys, who were not entitled to vote, and rejected the votes of several persons who were entitled to vote, and who tendered their votes for the said William Wilberforce Bird and Peter Moore; and that the said Nathaniel Jefferys was not, at the time of the said and allow, to divers persons having votes in such election, election, nor is, at this time, pofl'effect of such an estate in money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and Law or Equity, in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and pro-issufficientto qualify him to serve in Parliament as a Citi- mises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give zen for the said City, and that the Mayor, Bailiffs, and and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards. Commonalty of the said City, acting as the avowed agents and entertainments, to and for such persons having votes and supporters of the said Francis William Barlow and Na- in the said election, and to and for the uie, advantage, thaniel Jefferys, did, for the purpose of unduly and corruptly benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment, of such persons, influencing the election for the said City, and of procuring in order to be elected, and for being elected at the said persons to vote for the said Francis William Barlow and Na- election, to serve in this present Parliament for the said thaniel Jefferys, and of deterring persons from voting for the Borough of Leominster; and that the said Charles Kinnaird said William Wilberforce Bird and Peter Moore, neglect and and John Lubbock, by themselves, their agents and ma-

refuse to distribute the charity monies or gifts commonly called Sir Thomas White's. Gifts, and Thomas Wheatley's, Gifts, amongst the Freemen of the said City at the usual annual period of distributing the said Gifts, and did wholly withhold the fame until after the said election, and

nagers, and others, at their charge, and each of them the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock, by himself, his agents and managers, and others, at his charge, after the teste of the writ for the said election, and at and during the said election, and before the election of the said Charles

did, after the said election, distribute the fame exclusively Kinnaird and John Lubbock to serve in this present Parlia-amongst the Freemen who had voted for the said Francis ment for the said Borough of Leominster, did give, present, William Barlow and Nathaniel Jefferysand that divers and allow, to divers persons having votes in such election, individuals of the said Corporation did also for the like money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and purposes, promise to divers persons loans of monies from the make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and pro-

mises.

b;

T

43 Geo. III.

6° Decembris.

53

mises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for such persons having votes in the said election, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment, of such persons, in order to be elected.and for being elected, at the said election

Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Robert Bent, previous to, and at and during the said election, by himself, and by his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption; and that at and during the said

to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of election, and previous thereto, he did, by gifts and rewards.

HKiil 4

don.

Lecnmi/ier; and that by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal practices, the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock procured themselves to be returned as Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leominster, at the said election for the said Borough of Leominster;

and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, procure and. at tempt to procure divers persons, being qualified to vote in the said election, to give their votes for him the said Robert Bent at the said election, and did also by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements,

and the said John Tudor, the said Returning Officer of the and securities for gifts and rewards, procure and attempt

said Borough, hath returned the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock as the persons duly elected to lerve in this prdent Parliament for the said Borough of,

whereas, by the corrupt and illegal practices aforesaid, the said election and return of the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock were and are entirely null and void, to all in-

tents and purposes, and they the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock are, and each of them is, disabled and incapacitated, upon the said election and return, to serve in

to procure divers other persons, being also qualified to vote in the said election, to refuse and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, contrary to the Law and Custom oi Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and that the said Robert Bent, in order to be elected a Member to lerve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, after the date of the writ issued for the election of Members, and at and during the continuance of the said ele<ftion,

Parliament for the said Borough of Leominster, and the said by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in

Mieftory

Election—

fabonof

M-Fre-

tdiiC.

election and return of the said Charles Kinnaird and John

Lubbock were and are contrary to Law, and highly injurious to the Petitioners, and other legal Eledors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the.premises into their consideration, and declare the election and return of the said Charles Kinnaird and John Lubbock void, and to grant unto the Petitioners such other relief in the premises as to the House shall teem moll meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-tionuponTuelday, the 5th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire, was read j letting forth, That at the late election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Aylesbury, in the County of , James,

Esquire, Robert Bent, Esquire, Scrope Bernard, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, at and during the continuance of the said election, divers persons, who were not duly qualified to vote at the same, were permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes for the said James Dupre and Robert Bent, and divers other persons, who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their votes at the said election for and in favour of the Petitioner, were not permitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes, hut were by them, without any legal or just cause, difel-lowed and rejected; and that the said James , previous to, and at and during the said election, by himself.

his behalf, did corruptly allow to divers persons, who had or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said,

Borough, iponey, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, in violation of the Standing Orders and Regulations of the House, and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that by these and other means of undue influence and corruption, the said James Dupre and the said Robert Bent obtained a colourable majority of votes over the Petitioner, and procured themselves to be returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of in manifest

violation of the rights and privileges of the Electors of the said Borough, and in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, being duly elected by the majority of legal votes, ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into their consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such relief, and to take such other measures, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confident- j

tion upon Thurselay, the 7th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Reverend W Lloyd, Doctor in Ayiefbury Divinity, Robert Browne, Acton Chap, John , Ed- PetiUon'oT ward A [ft on, Robert Smith, Francis John Rawbone, Electors, j

William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf of themselves and others, the legal Electors of the Borough of Aylesbury, was also read; setting forth. That at the fete election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, James

Dupre, Esquire, Robert Bent, Esquire, Scrope Bernard,

>ert

Esquire, and Thomas Francis Esquire, were Can-

dictates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and and by his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his that, at and during the continuance of the said election, behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and cor- divers persons, who were not duly qualified to vote at the ruption; and that at and during, the said election, and fame, were permitted by the Returning Officers to give previous thereto, he did, by gifts and rewards, and by pro- their votes for the said James Dupre and Robert and mises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, pro- divers other persons, who were, duly qualified to vote, and Cure> and attempt to procure, divers persons, being quali- who tendered their votes at the said election, for and in bed to vote in the said election, to give their votes for him favour of the said Thomas Francis ,were not per-

fee said James Dupre at the said election, and did also* by niitted by the Returning Officers to give their votes, but gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securi- were by them, without any legal or jult cause, and merely ties for gifts and rewards, procure and attempt to procure through corrupt and gross partiality, disallowed and re-.

jededj and that the said James Dupre and Robert Bent, by themselves and by their agents, friends, managers, and others in their behalf, were, and each of them by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in his behalf, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption; and that at and during the said election, and

d'vers other persons, being also qualified to vote in the said Section, to refuse and forbear to give their votes at the said dedion for the Petitioner, contrary to the Law and Custom of Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and mat the said James Dupre, in order to be elected a Mem-

UtA i* r . 1 r ' 1 n___1

b?r to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough* previous thereto, they, by themselves, their agents, friends, dterthe date of the writ issued for the election of Members, wdat and during the continuance of the said election, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in ms behalf, did corruptly allow to divers persons, who had or claimed a right to vote in the election for the said Bo-

and managers, and by others in their behalf, and each of them by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and by others, in his'behalf, did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gift9 and rewards, procure, and attempt to procure, divers per-f0llgh, money,"meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, Tons, being qualified to vote in the said election, to give m violation of the Standing Orders and Regulations of the their votes for the said James Dupre and the said Robert

House,

v_.

and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the

Bent respectivelyj and did also, by

oy

54

6° Decembr

A. 1802.

promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, and apparent majority of votes over the Petitioner upon the procure, and attempt to procure, divers other persons, be- said poll taken at the said late election for the said County ing also qualified to vote in the said election, torefufe and of and that the said Sir Francis before

forbear to give their votes at the fame for the said Thomas the said election, and at and during the fame, by himself.

Francis Fremantle, contrary to the Law and Custom of

Parliament, and the Laws and Statutes of the Realm enabled for the prevention of bribery and corruption; and that the said James Dupre and Robert in order to be elected Members to serve in this present Parliament for the

his agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, was guilty of bribery and corruption, and corrupt practices, in order to his being elected a Member at the said election to serve in this present Parliament for the said County; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, before the said Borough, after the date of the writ issued for the elec- said election, and at and during the fame, by himself, his tion of Members, and at and during the continuance of agents, friends, and managers, and others employed by him, the said election, by themselves, their agents and friends, did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and managers, and others, in their behalf, and at their and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure charge, and each of them by himself, his agents, friends, divers persons to give their votes in the said election for and managers, and others in his behalf, and at his charge, the said Sir Francis Burdett, and to forbear to give their did corruptly allow to divers persons, who had or claimed votes in the said election for the Petitioner; all which un-a right to vote in the election for the said Borough, money, lawful and corrupt practices of the said Sir Francis Burdett meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, in violation of were contrary to the freedom of election, to the Standing

the Standing Orders and Regulations of the House, and in defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that by these and other means of corruption and undue influence, the said 'James Dupre and

Orders of the House, and to the Laws and Statutes in force for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by the aforesaid unlawful and corrupt means, did obtain an-apparent and co-

t he said Robert Bent obtained a colourable majority of votes lourable majority of votes over the Petitioner on the poll

taken at the said election for the said County of Middh and by the partiality and undue conduct oi the said Sheriff', acting as such Sheriff and Returning Officers as aforesaid at the said election for the said County of did

procure himself to be, and was returned to this present Parliament as a Member to serve therein for the said County of Middlesex; whereas the Petitioner alledges, and

over the said Thomas Francis Fremantle, and procured themselves to be returned to serve in this present Parliament, in prejudice of the light of the said Thomas Francis Fremantle (who, being duly clebted by the majority of legal votes, ought to have been returned accordingly) and in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the Petitioners, and of all other the Electors of the said Bo-

vfiddlesex Election— ’erition of vlr. Main war-

And therefore praying the House to take the pre- humbly infills, that he had a majority of legal votes at the said election, and ought to have been duly returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex; and that it ought now to be declared, that he was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex: And therefore praying the House to take his case into consideration, and to grant to him such relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

OrThat the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

rough

miles into their consideration, and to grant the Petitioners Inch relief, and to take such other measures as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of William Main-waring, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, the Petitioner, and also George Byng, Esquire, and Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, were Candidates to represent the said County; and that, at the said election, Sir William Rawlins, Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, were

Sheriff- of the said County of and as such pre-

lided at the said election, and acted thereat as the Returning Officers; and that the said Sir William Razvlins and Robert Albion Cox, during the said election, manifested great partiality in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett; and in the course and progress of the poll taken at the said election, did admit a great number of persons to vote at the said election for the said Sir Francis Burdett, who had no right whatever to vote at the said election, and among

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough ot Maldon, in the County of was read; setting forth,

That at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough oi Maldon, in the County of Essex, on Monday, the 5th day of July 1802, Peter William Baker and John Blair, Esquires, and Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Esquires, were Candidates; and

that. Peter William Baker and John Blair, Esquires, were them many persons who neither had nor could shew any duly elected, and ought in justice to have been returned colour or pretence of right to vote at the said election, and as Members to represent the said Borough in this present did even refuse to permit such persons to be duly exa- Parliament; but that Robert Raikes, Esquire, Sheriff of mined, respecting their right which they claimed to vote the County of Essex, who acted as Returning Officer of the at the said election; and did also admit divers persons to said Borough, was very partial in favour of the said Joseph vote more than once at the said election; and notwith- Holden Strutt and Charles Callis Western, admitting many standing the Petitioner, and divers Freeholders of the said persons to poll for them who had no right to vote at the County, did strenuouily object to the votes of all or many said election, and rejecting many of the Petitioners and of such persons as were so unlawfully tendered for the said other persons who were entitled to vote and offered to poll Sir Francis Burdett, and did request the said Sheriff to for the said Peter William Baker and John Blair, and who examine into the rights of such persons to vote at the said had, as the Petitioners humbly infill, good right (if any election, and not to permit such persons to vote at the persons have good right) to be admitted to poll at that said election, without first shewing a right so to do; and election; by means whereof, and of other undue and il-that the said Sheriff did also refuse to admit the votes of legal practices of the said Sheriff so acting as such Return-divers persons having a right to vote, and who tendered ing Officer, and of the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles their votes at the said election for the Petitioner; and that Western, the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles

the undue conduct of the said Sheriff, during the said Callis Western are returned as duly elected, to the prejudice election. Was highly injurious to the Petitioner, and to the of the Petitioners, and in violation of their rights; and rights of the real Electors of the said County; and that, that the said Joseph Holden Strutt and Charles Callis Western, by the aforesaid and other unlawful means herein after men- by themselves, or their agents, were guilty of many acts of tioned, the said Sir Francis Burdett obtained a colourable bribery and corruption, before and in the course of the said 2 election

__________

Maldon

Election— , Petition of Electors.

43 Geo. III.

hr'

5o

election of Members for the said Borough; and that the jjij JofiphHo!Jen Struttand Western did, after the teste of the writ of luminous to Parliament, by themselves or their agents, give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provisions, to divers persons who had votes in the said election, all which proceedings are in derogation of the rights of the Petitioners, and contrary to the freedom and purity of election: And therefore praying. That the premises may be taken into consideration, that Holden Strutt and Charles may be de-

clared not duly elected, and that Peter William Baker and j:!in Blair may be declared duly elected for the said Borough, and the returns thereof accordingly amended; and that l'uch relief may be granted to the Petitioners as may be suited to the nature of the case, and to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 14th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the said Borough, was read; setting forth. That at the last General Election ot Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir George Tonge, Baronet, Sir 'John Hollywood, Baronet, and George Shum, Esquire, were Candidates; and that previous to the said election various of the Electors were tempted, determined by the friends and agents of the said Sir John Honyzwodand George Shum, to oiler their

votes to sale; and that the said S:r John and

Garre Shum, did, by themselves, and by their reipe(Stive friends and agents, bribe and corrupt a great number of the Electors by large sums of money, and by promises and offers ol large sums of money, and of places, employments, and other rewards, to promise them their votes at the said election; and that such bribery and corruption was continued home to the election in the moll open and profligate manner; and that by means thereof, and by the unconllitutional interference and improper and undue influence which took place, and also by treating the Electors with meat, drink, and other entertainment, after the teste of the writ, and also by other illegal acts which were committed, the said Sir Jo Honywood and George Sim were returned Representatives in Parliament for the said Borough, in violation of the Laws and freedom of election, and to the injury of the rights and privileges of the Petitioners and others. Electors of the said Borough, who had a right to vote at the said election: And therefore praying the House to take the prerniies into their mod fe-nous consideration, and that the election and return of the said Sir John Honywood and George Shum may be declared to be void; and that the House will take such measures as shall prevent in future such seenes of bribery and corruption, and as shall insure to the Petitioners and others, the kid Electors, the pure and undisturbed enjoyment of their rights and franchises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

said Borough, to the manifest injury of the Petitioner, and in violation of the rights and privileges of the find Borough: And therefore praying. That the House will take the premises into consideration, and grant the Petitioner such relief as to the House shall l'ecm meet..

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into con fid era-tioa upon Tiiurfday, the 21 ft day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Ezekiel Davys Wilson, Esquire, was read; Carrickfergus setting forth. That the Petitioner and the Honourable petfdoii of* Lord Spencer Chichester were Candidates at the last Election Mr. Wiiion. of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of the Town of Carrichfergus, which election was had on Saturday, the 24th day of July 1802; and that at the said election Thomas Kirk and Barry Martin, Esquires, Sheriffs of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus aforesaid, acted corruptly', partially', and unfairly in execution of their office as Returning Officers; and that, during the poll, many persons who were not Freeholders of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, or Freemen thereof, or otherwise legally qualified to vote at said election, were permitted by the Sheriffs to poll for the said Lord Spencer and

that many other persons were permitted to poll for the said Lord Spencer Chichester, of whose freedom or right to vote not any legal evidence whatever was given; and that many persons who had been legally admitted Freemen of the County of the Town of Carrickfergus aforesaid, and whose votes ought to have been received, tendered the fame for the Petitioner, but were rejected by the Sheriffs; by whose partial and illegal conduct, and by other undue and corrupt means herein after mentioned, a fictitious majority appeared on the Sheriffs books in favour of Lord Spencer Chichester against the Petitioner, whereupon the said Lord Spencer Chichester was declared duly elected; whereas if those votes so tendered for the Petitioner had not been arbitrarily, partially, and illegally rejected, there would have been a great majority in favour of the Petitioner; and that the said Lord Spencer Chichester, by himself, his friends, and agents, and persons employed by them, were, after the diflblution of the last Parliament, and after the teste of the writ for holding the said election, and previous to and during the poll, guilty of bribery and corruption in procuring votes, and in prevailing on persons to forbear to give their votes, and in attempting to bribe and, corrupt those who had a right to vote, in order to procure himself to be returned'as duly elected, and, by threats, menaces, and promises, procured the votes of many persons who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner: The Petitioner therefore prays. That the said return of the said Lord Spencer Chichester may be deemed mill and void, and that the Petitioner may be declared duly elected to represent the said County of the Town of Carrickfergus in the said United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, and that the Petitioner may have such relief

as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Mark Wood, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafion, otherwise Shaftes-■' in the County of Dorset, Edward and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had the majority of legal votes, was duly elected, and ®oght to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the raid Borough, but that the said Edward Loveden Loveden, Previous to and during the poll, by himself and his agents, was guilty of many corrupt practices and illegal acts and Proceedings, and thereby illegally procured himself to be unduly returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Voi. 58.

A Petition of Richard Ram/bottom, of Clewer Cottage, in windsor the County of Berks, Esquire, was read; setting forth, Election— That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parlia- n°i

ment for the Borough of Hew Windsor, in the said County tom. am ° * of Berks, John Williams, of Horton H, in the County of

Bucks, Esquire; the Honourable Robert of

Richmond Park, in the County of Surrey, and '•the Petitioner, were Candidates for the said Borough; and that the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Grevi/le, after the dif-solution of the last Parliament, and after the teste and issuing of the writ for the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to and during the

56

6° Decembris.

A. 1802.

,ili!

the poll for such election, were guilty of bribing, corrupt- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the ing, and entertaining of the Voters, and did give, present, 24th day of November last, for taking into consideration, Grimsby and allow, to such Electors of the said Borough, and to ie-veral persons who had, or claimed to have, a right to vote in the election for the fame Borough, meat, drink, and reward, entertainment, and provision, in order to procure

them the said John Williams and Robert Fu/k Grevil/e to

be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in open defiance of the Laws; and many other Electors, duly qualified to vote, were prevented voting for the Petitioner, by bribery, corruption, and threats; and that, previous to and during the said election, the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Grevil/e, and their agents, did give and distribute several large sums of money to several of the Voters of the said Borough, who had or claimed a right to vote at the said election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Grevillt, at the said election; and that the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Gre-

upon ThurlUay next, the Petition of William Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for ferrej. ’ . the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 14th day of this infant December, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with orders for their attendance accordingly.

A Petition of Robert Sezvell, Esquire, was read; setting Great Grif forth, That at the last general Election for Burgesses to pe^tlon" ville, and their agents, were guilty of many gross and no- serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Mr. Sewe torious aAs of bribery and corruption; and that many of 'Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, John Henry Loft, Esquire, the persons w'ho voted for the said John Williams and Robert ' Ayjcoug Boucherett, Esquire, William Mellish, Esquire, and Fulk Greville were induced so to do by bribery and corrup- the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, on the day pre-tion, whose votes ought therefore to be rejected and difal- vious to the day of the said election, a full Court was holden

of

lowed; and that, by other illegal and unwarrantable practices and proceedings of the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Grevil/e, and their agents, the said John Williams and Robert Fulk Grevil/e procured a colourable majority of votes upon the poll, and were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, as the Petitioner conceived, had a great majority of the legal and t; p.coirupted votes at the said election, and was duly elected, and outfit to have been returned: And therefore

Burgesses

the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and of the said Borough; and that divers persons were at the said full Court admitted to the freedom of the said Borough, who were not entitled to be admitted thereto; and that divers other persons, who had good right and title, and at the said full Court claimed to be admitted to the freedom of the said Borough, were not admitted thereto, but were refused so to be; and that, on the day of the said election, John Simpson, Esquire, the Mayor and

Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Election— Petition of Mr. Arbuth-uot.

praying the 1 louse to take the premises into consideration, Keturning Officer of the said Borough, did, at the said and grant the Petitioner such relief therein as shall, upon election, receive the votes of divers paupers, non-resident examination, appear to be just and proper. or foreign Freemen, and others, not legally entitled, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera- having no right to vote at the said election; and that the tion upon Thursday, the 28 th day of April next, at Three votes of the said persons which ought to have been rejected, of the clock in the Afternoon. were received by the said Mayor for the said Ayjcough

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war- Boucherett; and that the votes of divers other persons, who rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be had good right to vote at the said election, and who there thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of tendered their votes for the Petitioner, and which votes the matter of the said Petition. ought to have been received and admitted on the poll

taken at the said election, were nevertheless there rejected A Petition of John Arbuthnot, Esquire, was read; setting by the said Mayor, and by him refused to he admitted on forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Par- the said poll; and that the said by

liament for the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Mel- himself and his agents, managers, and others, on his behalf, combe Regis, in the County of Dorset, Sir James Pulteney, before and during the said election, and before and during Baronet, Gabriel Tucker Steward, Esquire, Charles Adams, the poll taken at the said election, was guilty of bribery Esquire, William Garllijhore, Esquire, and the Petitioner, and corruption of the Electors of the said Borough to were Candidates; and that at the said election a majority give their votes for him the said Ayjcough Boucherett, and to of legal votes were offered in favour of the Petitioner; but refuse and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, and Thomas Morris, Esquire, the Mavorof the said Borough and of attempting and endeavouring to bribe and corrupt the Town, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Elcdors of the said Borough to give their votes for the election, received the votes of many peilons on the poll, in said Ayjcough Boucherett, and to refuse and forbear to give favour of the said Charles Adams, who had no right to vote their votes for the Petitioner, in order that the said Ayjcough at the said election, and rejected many legal votes which Boucherett might be returned a Member to serve in this were tendered in favour of tire Petitioner; by w'hich means present Parliament for the hid Borough; and that the said a majority appeared on the poll in favour of the said Charles Ayjcough Boucherett, by himself, his agents and managers.

Adams; and the said Thomas Morris hath unjustly returned the said Charles Adams duly elected, whereas the Petitioner had a majority of legal votes, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House wall take the premises into their consideration, and grant him such relief as they shall think proper. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-

and by other persons in his behalf, both before and at and during the said election, did, by gifts, and rewards, and by threats, promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure, and attempt and endeavour to corrupt and procure, divers persons, being Eledors of the said Borough, to give their votes at the said election for the said Ayjcough Boucherett, that the

tion upon Tuesday, the 3d day of May next, at Three of said Boucherett might be elected and returned

the clock in the Afternoon

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing oi the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices,

a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Ayjcough Boucherett also, by himself, his agents and managers, and by other persons on his behalf, both before and at and during the said election, did, by gifts and rewards, and by threats, promises, agreements,- and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and

procure, and attempt and endeavour to corrupt and pro cure divers persons, being Eledors of the said Borough, to refuse and forbear to give their votes at the said election as in former cases, were sent to the several parties; for the Petitioner, that the said Axfcough Boucherett, might accompanied with orders for their attendance, be elected and returned a Bufgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that by the aforesaid means, and by divers other illegal and corrupt practices, and by undue influence, the said Ayjcough Boucherett

obtained

by thcnfselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

■'■n'lCTt t vi:-i

43 Geo. III.

6° Decern bris.

57

r.-Rf,

obtained a colourable majority over the Petitioner of one March, 1803, upon Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates vote on the poll taken at the said election, and was illegally in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Town of

the said Borough, to the great prejudice of the Petitioner, Refo That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, Tax on Su, who was duly elected by a majority of legal votes given or towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Tobacco,a tendered for the Petitioner, and ought to have been returned several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts, made in Snuff, with the said John Henry Loft to lerve in this present Par- the 27th, 34th, and 37th years of the reign of His present liament for the said Borough, and in manifest violation of Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the 27th year of the the rights and privileges of the legal Electors of the said reign of His present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on Borough, and in open defiance of the Laws and freedom Tobacco and Snuft', by an Act made in the 29th year of of election, and particularly of the Act for more effectually the reign of His present Majesty, which, by an Act made preventing bribery and corruption at the election of Mem- in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, have bers to ferye in Parliament: And therefore praying the continuance until the 25th day of March 1803, be further House to take the premises into consideration, and that the continued until the 25th day of March 1804.

Petitioner may obtain such relief in the premises as to the Resolved, That it'is the Opinion of this Committee, That, j^lie4u«r

House shall seem meet. towards railing ihe Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum 1 s‘

And a motion being made, and the question being pro- of Five Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, posed, That the said Petition be taken into consideration The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 14th day of this instant were, upon the question severally put thereupon, agreed to December, at the lame time that the Petition of William by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr. Hiley Adding-

ton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

" election?, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament," Nicholas Funfit tart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Mdlish, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into consideration;

Notice was taken, That, by an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the furl her regulation of the trials of controverted

it is directed, that the person subscribing any such Petition shall enter into such Recognizance as is therein mentioned within fourteen days after the said Petition shall have been presented to the House.

Tie said Act was read.

And the House being informed. That the said Petitioner and bring in, the lame

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second and third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George 'Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Nicholas do prepare.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and;

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of irith Militia, the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up vacancies therein, Biu» ^om* was, according to Order, read a second time. "utte

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve. itself into a Committee^ the whole House, upon the said Bill.

fefcr

•'xaPfti.

•'otWjn

fcHaaj,

would undertake to enter info the Recognizance required by the said Act, before the said 14th day of this instant December;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tommorrow Sevennight, the 14th day of this instant December, at the same time that the Petition of William Mdlish, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were lent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war- Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Report Ex-rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to Pir‘Bs L*wl thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which the matter of the said Petition. of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpe-

tual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry,

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in Ilchester and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed Gaol, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his House, and read; complaining of their distress, and pray- place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: ing relief. Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Payment, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply " until Two months after the commencement of the next granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Com- " Session of Parliament after the end of the present War, niittee had directed him to report to the House; which " of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the " and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as * thereon," is near expiring, and fit tobe continued.

h

followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, (wards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 42d year of His present Majesty’s

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart presented to the House, pursuant Account of to the directions of an Act of Parliament, Bounties on

An Account of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, j^ted. |,eign, have continuance to the 24th day of June, 1803/be and sums of Money expended under the authority of the F* farther continued and charged upon all Malt which shall Act 41 Geo. HI. cap. 99,jfor granting Bounties for taking " matk> and upon all Mum which shall be 1 ’ ’ ‘ r '

made or im- and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, P°rted, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for and other places in the United Kingdom, in the last Season.

Sic

fele within Great Britain, from the 23d day of June 1803, •j. *° the 24th day of June 1804.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, That, (Wards raising the Supply grafted to His Majesty, the bum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be within the space of One year, from the 25th day of V9L 58. ‘

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Q The

58 6°— 7° DeceA. 1802.

*o»mend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 37th Nary" year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Lt,or<k«d, " Act: to provide for the more speedy Payment of all * Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be * issued in future," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the day being read;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to dv

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow . Morning, Ten of the clock.

der forln-mnity Bill,

(cl’.zrged, d another Acred,

iircd.

j

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, " That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify them-" selves fer offices and employments, and to indemnify " Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to " register or deliver in their qualifications within the time * directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for " those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in " Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose admis-" fions have been omitted to be stamped according to * Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

" and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly " stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures " of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file " the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and " Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit * descriptions of their qualifications to the Clerks of the •* Peace within the time directed by Law, and for extend-" ing the time limited for that purpose," might be read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such persons as have omitted toiqualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rcfidved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Men tis, 7° die

Anno430 Georgii IIP11 llegis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom sPmn Smitt i the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Rotidnili, enlarging the Powers nf an Act, palRd in the 28th year rcportc‘1, -of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road " from Spann Smithy, in the County of to Talk, in

" the County of Stafford," was committed; That the Committee had examined the a'legations of the Bill, and:

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there- Blewberry unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands JjJ^lureP and Estates in Blezvbeny, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Blezuberry aforesaid, and the Petitioners

and others are interested therein; and that the said Open Fields lie intermixed, and chiefly dispersed in small parcels, so as to render the cultivation thereof laborious and incon- v

venient; and the said Common Pastures and Dowms are very extensive, and many parts thereof might be advantage-ously converted into tillage; and if such Lands and Ground were divided, allotted, and laid in severalty, unto and amongst the several persons interested, and certain parrs :■

thereof inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr Charles Dundas, and Mr. George Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fT'vtCTnnity Mi.. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

fj ing to Order, a: Bill to indemnify such persons as have

I omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments;

[ and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

!j omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time: limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and

)• Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose

admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to I Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to 1 make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures

of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rcfio/ved, That ,the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

bxpence of count of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will be-

Pnloners ot.

war. ordered, come payable in the vear 1803.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Southward..' unto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to put in execution the Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 20th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the

Streets, Lanes, and other public Paffiiges and Places, in the Manor of Southwark, otlrerwife called The Clink, or Billiop ot lViHchester'%Liberty, in the Pari Hi of Saint Sa-

viour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for other purposes, whereby the Commissioners for executing the said Act were vested with power to lay out, make, and complete certain new Streets or Ways therein described, /:

and to widen a certain Lane called Maid Lane, and they Were empowered to borrow and take up at interest, on the - a

credit of the Rates or Aflefihunts thereby granted, such sum or sums of money as (liquid be thought sufficient for effecting the several purposes thereby intended; and that the money which the said Commissioners are by the said Act empowered and authorized to borrow has been found insufficient to enable them to execute the Improvements

directed

l0

43 Geo. IIL

7d Deccmb.

59

directed by the said Act, and the time allowed for making the Purchases therein mentioned is elapsed; and that it will be of great public convenience not only to have one ' of the new Streets in the said Act mentioned made, and the said Lane, called Maid Lane, widened and improved, but all'o to make, improve, and open several other Streets, Ways, and Passages, to communicate with the other parts

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

• Ifido-Roads

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgefl’es, of the Borough of , in the West Riding

of the County of in Common Council assembled,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That j of the said Liberty, and with the Borough of Soulhwark, an Act was passed in the 4th year of the reign of His pre- j and for those purposes it will be necessary to purchase fe- font Majesty, for the more easy and speedy recovery of veral of the houses, buildings, lanes, and parcels of ground Small Debts within the Borough and Soke of \

mentioned in the said Act, and also several other houses, in the County of York, and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, buildings, lands, and parcels of ground, which will require and other open Passages and Places, within the said Bo-a considerable funi of money; but such Improvements rough; and that the powers and provisions of the said Act, cannot be made without powers to make such purchases, so far as the same relate to lighting the said Borough, have and to enable the said Commissioners to borrow such fur- been carried into execution; and the Petitioners have ther sums of money as may be requisite for those purposes, done other acts for the Improvement of the said Borough, in a mode different from that prescribed by the said Act, out of the funds of the said Corporation; and that it would for effecting which it is necessary that the said Rates or tend greatly to the convenience, benefit, and safety to the Assessments should be increased; and that the powers and Public, as well as of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, provisions of the said Act have been found in other re- and to all persons resorting to, or passing through the fame, spefts defective and insufficient, and it is therefore necef- if the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, fary the lame should be altered, amended, and enlarged: within the said Borough, were more effectually lighted;

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring and if the fame were watched and regulated, and all nui-in a Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid. fances, annoyances, encroachments, and obftfuftions therein

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- removed anci prevented in future, and stalls and Hand-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the ings for the f'ale of goods on market and fair days, held matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to within the said Borough, better regulated and governed; them, to the House: and ailo if the Pipes laid and to be laid in the Streets,

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Sir John Lancs, Ways, Passages, and public Places, of the said Bo-Frederick, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn- rough, for the supplying the Inhabitants thereof with ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Water; and also the Footway in the said Borough, called have power to feud lor persons, papers, and records. Hohrofs Hill, the Stone Cross, Lamps, Polls, and Rails,

built and fixed thereon, were properly secured from da-A Petition of the Moll noble John Duke of Bedford, mage or injury being done thereto; and that it would and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose also tend to the convenience and benefit of the Inhabi-names arc thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands tants of the said Borough, and to the Public, if a suffi-and Grounds in the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County c'en,t number of Sedan Chairs and Chairmen wereTi-of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting cenled, and put under proper regulations* and that it is forth, That an Act was passed in the 36th year of the reign expedient the powers and provisions of the said Act, so of His present Majesty, for dividing and allotting the Com- ^ar as respects the lighting the said Borough, should be mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and repealed, and further and other provisions made for that Waite lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the purpose; and that the fame, and the powers requisite for County of Bedford; and the Commissioners thereby ap- ^e execution of the several purposes above-mentioned, pointed were required to set out and appoint such public should be contained in one Act: And therefore praying, heads, in and over the new Divisions and Allotments to That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating be made in pursuance thereof, as they should fee fit; and feve purposes . that the said Commissioners did let out and appoint divers Ordered, 7hat the said Petition be referred to the con-public roads in and over the new Divisions and Allot- federation of Committee; And that they do examine the ments made by virtue of the said Act, and made certain matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Assessments for the purpose of forming and repairing the them, to the House

fame; but the monies raised by such Afle/finents have And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. See.:

proved inefficient for the purpose of making and com- And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of

pleting the said roads; and that from the great difficulty *hc Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to

tn obtaining materials, and the great expence which will FJnd for persons, papers, and records.

attend the making and completing all the public roads

set out by the said Commissioners, it is expedient to reduce Mr. Alderm presented to the House, - StGiles'sBu the number of such roads as low as the public convenience ing to Order, a Bill for providing an additional Barial r"^Grou,lJ will permit; and it will be sufficient for all the purposes Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the prefaited.

of communication, if only some of the said roads be com- County of Middlesex: And the fame was received; and pleted; and, that the power of the said Commissioners to read the H ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

mile any more money under the said Act is at an end; and the said roads cannot be completed, or the certificate required by the said Act obtained, so as to render the said roads parish roads; and that it is expedient that new

Mr. Byngreported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of several of the rfru flees for putting in execution

Commissioners should be appointed, and provision made three A made in the yth, jiff, and jjth years of the *or railing monies for tire purpose of completing such reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways r°2ih, and for appointing a Surveyor thereof, in order that from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish the lame may be completed, so that the lame roads may of Ke;fug/on, in

become parish roads, as was meant and intended by the the Towns of Brentford and to the Powder Mills W Ad; and that some of the powers and provisions of in the Road to Staines, and other roads mentioned in the

the said Act should be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a or effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-"deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the said Acts, so far as the fame respects the therein

diffinguished by the appellation of The Old , whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

__________^ Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

tetter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to complied with; and that the Committee had examined to the House: the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

And it is referred’ to Mr. S'. Andrew S<. John, Mr. report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

&c.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Mqrning, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de-

V°i- id.

" By

60

7° Decembr

A. 1802.

;:C

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was of certain hardfkips which the Petitioners alledge they read; and is as followeth; viz. labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament: And praying

Acts were read :—And,

James Clitkerow, Esquire (late Treasurer to the Truf-

tees) being examined, said, That the said Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money upon the credit of the

the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt in

: i

S'

, :f

respective Tolls by the said first and last mentioned Acts His Majesty’s Gaol or Prison for the County of authorized to be collected upon so much of the said road was presented to the House, and read; complaining of

VVorcefrer Debtors Pc-titioiu

their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others,

as is therein denominated ‘the Old DiJtriB-,but find,

from the carriages employed in conveying the Mails being exempted from the payment of Toll, and the great' decrease of Post-chaises, and other Carriages, arising from the ease and convenience of passengers travelling as expeditiously in the said Mail Coaches; and also from a great _ Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of increase of Stages of a new construction, carrying more , in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the

than double the number of inside Passengers than the old House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Stages uled to do, as well as enormous weights of luggage, said Parish several Open Arable Fields, Common Mea-and outside Passengers, thereby causing greater wear and dows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and detriment to the roads, although they pay no additional Waste Lands, containing in the whole about i,ioo Acres,

Horncastleln-closure Petition.

Toll; from the very great increased price of materials for amending the said road, owing to the gravel-pits near the fame being exhausted, and thereby the carriage of materials greatly lengthened, and the necessity of laying on a greater quantity of gravel than formerly, the gravel now

which lie very much intermixed and dispersed in linall parcels; and if the fame were divided, and allotted in te-veralty, unto and amongst the several persons having estates therein, the whole exonerated from Tythes, and the Allotments inclosed, they might be much improved: And

got being of a much worse quality; the increased price of therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a

labour and hire of teams, and every other necessary article; the interest paid for the money borrowed, the increase of debt, and many other contingent cause% so much of the said road as is comprized in the said Old District cannot be effectually amended and kept in repair, and the money due and owing be repaid, nor even the interest of it kept duly and punctually paid, unless the powers granted

Bill for effecting the purposes afoivsaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. 'on, and Mr. Sibthorp, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Shaftclbury Election— " Petition of,

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and by the said Acts (so far as the same relate to the said Old Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the District) be amended and enlarged, and some additional fame were delivered in at the Table.

Tolls be granted for the said Old District; that is to And one of the said Petitions, complaining of an undue say, from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, other-Parish of Kensington, leading through the Towns of Brent- wife Shaftesbury, in the County of being in the ford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the road to third Class mentioned in the Resolution of the House of Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the road to Colnbrook: the 24th day of November last ( Esquire, the

—Then, fitting Member, complained of in the said Petition, being

Mr. Rickard Hill (the present Treasurer to the said returned to serve for two places) the said Petitioa was Trustees) being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the read, as followeth; viz.

above-mentioned Witness. A Petition of James Dashwood, Esquire, was read; let*

Ordered, That leave be given to bring a Bill to alter and ting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve

! enlarge the powers of three Acts, made in the yth, 31ft, in Parliament for the Borough of otherwise Shaftef- ^Dato-

j and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for bury, in the County of Dorset, Robert Hurst, Esquire, and wood,

f . repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner

’ which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of had the majority of legal votes, was duly elected, and

Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the road to Staines, and said Borough, but that the said Robert Hurst, previous to to Cranford Bridge, in the road to Colnbrook, and several and during the poll, by himself and his agents, was guilty other roads in the said County, so far as relates to the Old of many corrupt practices, and illegal acts and proceed-I District of road described in the first of the said Acts: ings, and thereby illegally procured himself to be unduly

1 And that Mr. Byng and Sir Francis Burden do prepare, returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said

| and bring in, the fame. Borough, to the manifest injury of the Petitioner, and in

violation of the rights and privileges of the said Borough: erition of A Petition of certain Persons exercising the Arts, Myf- And therefore praying the lloule will take tire premises ipotecanes, teries, or Trades, of Apothecaries, Chymists, and Drug- into confederation, and grant the Petitioner such relief as irtock, re- gifts, in the Borough of tavijlock, in the County of Devon, to the House shall seem meet.

aing the was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-by an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s tion upon Tuesday, the 21 ft day of this instant December, reign, to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th year of the at a quarter of an hour before Three of the clock in the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said Duties, the Petitioners are liable to be harassed and perlecuted with vexatious informations by the common Informer, upon articles not named in the Schedule of the said Act, which may tend to the utter ruin of themselves and their families: And there-

icdicmeAdfc.

Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

' TAV.Otk Of I alxcn of \ >rsmntfer.

And several others of the said Petitions, so delivered in as aforesaid appearing to relate to the cleftions and returns fore praying the House to take this subject into serious of places, concerning which the House had received Peti-consideration, that the said Act may be repealed. tions on former days, the fame were read, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of certain Electors for the Town or Borough Kingston

of Kingston-upon-Hull,m\\o voted for Samuel Thornton, Esquire, uj^iol, A Petition of the thereunder-signed Maltsters of the and William Joseph Esquire, at the late Election for Petition

Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and its vici- that place, and whose names are thereunto subscribed; also Ekftor*. nity, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of other Electors who voted for one of the said Candi-2 dates,

43 Geo. IIL

7° Deccmbris*

6i

dates, whole names are also tfieteUnto subscribed, was read; out or ordering of the writ or writs of election upon the setting forth. That at the last election of Burge lies to l'erve calling or summoning rtf any Parliament thereafter, or after

in Parliament for the Town or Borough of Kingston-npou-Hullt Samel Thornton, Esquire, John Stanifort/i, Esquire, H'iHi/un Joseph Deitifon, Esquire, and William Auctioneer, were the Candidates; and that previous to, and during the said election, the said John Stani/orth, by him-

Mon-

L'jijn— aoa of I iT.IO.

teSbrr

rftioft—

cf

U-

L

any Inch place (houkl becotnfe Vacant thereafter in the time of the theri present or of any other Parliament, should thereafter by hlmself or themselves, or by any other ways or means on his or their behalf, or at his or their charge, before his or their election to serve in Parliament for any county, self or his agents, was guilty of bribery and corruption, by city, town, borough, port, or place, directly or indirectly give, giving and promising to give money and securities for present, of allow to any perl'on or persons having voice or money, and by loans and promises of loans, and other re- vote in fitch election, any money, meat, drink, entertain-rvards, to thfe Voters of the said Town or Borough of ment, or provision, or make any present, gift, reward, or en-Kin°itc n-upon - Hull, in order to be elected; whereby, and tertainment, or should at any time thereafter make any pro-determined by other illegal and corrupt means, many of the said Voters mile, agreement, obligation, or engagement to give or allow were prevailed upon and induced to give their votes for the any money, meat, drink, provision; present, reward, or en-said John Stani/orth', and that the said John. Staniforth, tertainment, to or for any such perl'on or persons in parti-during the lard election, by himself, his agents and friends, cular, or to any such county, city, town* borough, port, or did (in order to be elected) corruptly allow to many of the place, in general, or to or for the use, advantage, benefit. Electors at the said election, money, meat, drink, enter- employment, profit, or preferment of any such person or tainment, and provision, contrary to the Standing Order of persons, place or places, in order to be elected, or for being the House, and in defiance of an Act, intituled, "An Act elected, to serve in Parliament for such county, city, bo-« for preventing charge and expence in Elections of Mem- rough, town, port, orplace; anditwas thereby further enacted " bers to serve in Parliament 5" and that by these and and declared, That every person and perfofis so giving, other means of corruption and undue influence, the said pretenting, or allowing, making, promising, or engaging. Joint Staniforth procured himself to be returned Member doing, acting, or proceeding, should be, and were thereby for the said Town or Borough of Kings ton-up on-HutI, in declared and enabled disabled and incapacitated upon such violation of die rights of election, and to the injury of the election to serve in Parliament for such county, city, town. Petitioners: And therefore praying the House will take the borough, port, orplace; and that such person or persons . premises into consideration, and grant unto the Petitioners should be deemed and taken, and were thereby declared and l’uch relief as to the House lhaiJ leem meet. enacted to be deemed and taken no Members in Parliament,

A Petition of the there-un.iersigned Freemen of the and should not ad, fit, or have any vote or place in Parlia-Town or Borough of Kingston-upcn-Hull, in the East Biding ment, but should be, and were thereby declared and enacted of Torkfiire, having had a right to vote at the last election to be, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as they for the said Town or Borough, on behalf of themselves and had been nev er returned or elected Members for the Par-

others the Freemen of the Town aforesaid, was also read; liament; and that at the last election for the Town or Bo-setting forth, That by a Standing Order of the House of rough of aforesaid,

Commons, it is resolved as follows; that is to say, u That if Staniforth, IVJofepk Denison, and IVi/liam Bell, Esquires,

" any person hereafter to be elected into a place for to fit were Candidates to represent the said Town in Parliament;

" and serve in the House of Commons for any county, city, and that the said Samuel by himself, his agents,

" town, port, or borough, after the teste or the ifl'uing out friends, and managers, did, after the teste or ordering the " of the writ of election upon the calling or summoning writs of election upon the summoning this present Parlia-" any Parliament hereafter, or after any such place becomes ment, and before his election, give to persons having vote in " vac ant hereafter in the time of Parliament, shall by him- such election meat and drink, and also make otherpresents,

" self, or by any otheron his behalf, or at his charge, at any gifts, and rewards, to such persons, contrary to, and in de-" time before the day of his election, give any person fiance of the Standing Order of the House hereinbefore " having voice in any such clod ions any meat or drink ex- recited; and that the Petitioners pray, that they may be " ceeding in the true value J en Pounds in the whole, in allowed, without Joss of time, duly to prove the same as a " any place or places but in his own dwelling-house or habi- sufficient ground, cause, and matter, to make the said elec-" fation, being the usual place of his abode for six months tion void as to the id Samuel and to render the

" last pad, or shall, before such election be made and de- said Thornton incapable to fit in Parliament by such

H dared, make any other present, gift, or reward, or any election; and that the said Samuel Thornton, by himself, his " promise, obligation, or engagement, fodo the lame, either agents, friends, and managers, and by other ways and means,

" to any such person orperJons in particular, or to any such on the behalf, or at the charge, of him the said Samuel " county, city, town, port, or borough in general, or to or Thornton, did, after the vacancy happened for the said Town * for the use or benefit of them or any of them, every such or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and after the telle of the "entertainment, present, gift, reward, promise, obligation, writ, giv e, present, and allow, toperlons having voice or vote " or engagement, is by this House declared to he Bribery, in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and '

" and such entertainment, present, gift, reward, promise, provision, and did make gilts', rewards, andenter-

" obligation, or engagement, being duly proved, is and tainments, and promises, agreements, obligations, anden-" stall be sufficient ground, cause, and matter, to makd gagements, to give or allow money, meat, drink, provision,

" cverj- such election void, as to the person so offending, prei’ents, rewards, advantages, and entertainments, to and " and to render the persons so elected incapable to fit in lor fevera peiions having or claiming right to vote in the " Parliament by such election;" and that by an Act, passed laid election, and to or for the use, advantage, benefit, and •p the ~th year of the reign of King William the Third, in- profit, of such persons so having or claiming right to vote lituled, " An Act for preventing charge and expence in in the said election, in order to procure him the said Samuel " Wedions of Members to serve in Parliament," reciting, Thornton to he elected to serve in Parliament for the said | Hiat whereas grievous complaints are made, and mani- Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, contrary to and " appear to be true, in the kingdom, of undue elec- contempt the of the Act passed in the 7th

" Il0ns of Members to Parliament, by excefli ve and exor- year of the reign of King William the Third, hereinbefore '

" hitant expences, contrary to the Laws, and in violation of recited; whereby the said Samuel Thornton is disabled and 1 " the freedom due to theeledion of Beprelentatives for the incapacitated upon such election to serve in Parliament for " Commons of England in Parliament, to the great scandal the said Town or Borough of Kingston-upmn-Hull, and h to " of the kingdom, dishonourable, and may be dellrudive be deemed and taken no Member in Parliament, and Ought "the Constitution of Parliaments; wherefore, for remedy not to ad, lit, or have any vote or place, in Parliament,

" therein, and that all elections of Members to Parliament but is, to all intents, condrudions, and purposes, as if he " Hwy be hereafter freely and indifferently made without had never been returned or elected Member for the T

or expence," it was enacted and declared, That no liament; and that the Hid Samuel Thornton was a/fo, by M>n or persons thereafter to be elected to serve in Parlia- himself, his agents, and friendi. guilty of Bribery at the said any county^ city, town, borough,.port, orplace election; and that thereby, and by divers other illegal and ^hin the kingdom of England, after the teste of the writ corrupt prad ices, the said Samuel Thornton obtained a colour;

"tummons to Parliament, or after the teste or the ilfuing able majority, and procured himself to be returned to fine

1Sl'-;£- JL~ Digi.ized bTpTOgk —

6(2' 7° Decembris. .7 1B02*

in Parliament for the said Town or Borough of Kingston* by other unlawful and Corrupt practices co-operating there-upon-Hull: And therefore praying the House will appoint an with, the said Edward Booth and Sir

early day for taking the premises into consideration, and that Law/ey, notwithstanding such public notice of their ineli-the House will grant them such redrefsas shall seem meet. gibility, given as aforesaid, and that votes given to them

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to would be thrown away, obtained a colourable majority of . be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the votes on the poll, and were returned to l'erve in Parliament 31ft day of March next, at the same time that for the said Borough, in prejudice to the Petitioner, who the Petition of the there-undersigned Freemen had a majority of legal votes, was duly elected, and ought of the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, to have been returned: And therefore praying that tha in the County of the fame Town, on behalf of House will take the premises into their consideration, and themselves and others, the Freemen of the will grant to him such relief as shall seem meet.

Town aforesaid, is ordered to be taken into Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-consideration. tion upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, at the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war- fame time that the Petition of Joseph Gentleman,

rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be one of the Electors of the Borough of

thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of in the County of Stafford, and of several other Electors of the matters of the said Petitions. the said Borough, whose names are thereunto subscribed,

is ordered to be taken into consideration. vcastle- A Petition of Joseph James, Esquire, was read; setting Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war-lition— forth, That Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, Sir Robert rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

ition of Lawley, Baronet, Oliver Beckett, Esquire, and the Petitioner, thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of

• J-mes. were Candidates at the last election for the Borough of the matter of the said Petition.

Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, which

election commenced on Tuesday, the 6th day of July last, A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Mid-

and continued until Friday, the 9 th day of the fame month dlesex, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was read; pej^nof

inclusive; and that the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve Freeholder.

Sir Robert Lawley, after the dissolution of the last Parlia- in this present Parliament for the County of

ment, and the issuing of the writ for the new election, and William Esquire, and also Esquire,

Previously to and during the poll, did, by themselves, and and Sir Francis Baronet, were Candidates to repre-

y their agents, and by other ways and means, on the behalf sent the said County; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, and at the charge of the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others in Sir Robert Lawley, give, present, and allow to sundry of the his behalf, did, after the teste of the writ for the said elcc-Electors of the said Borough, and to several who had, or who tion, and at and during the said election, and before his elec- claimed a right to vote at the said election for the said tion, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Borough, money, meat, drink, reward, entertainment, and Middlesex, give, present, and allow, to divers persons having provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for votes in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertain-the said Borough, in open defiance and in violation of the ment, and provision, and did make presents, gifts, rewards.

Law; and that the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and Sir and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obligations,

Robert, Lawley, previously to and during the poll, were, by and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, themselves, and by their agents, guilty of bribery and cor- provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for ruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt several such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, persons who had, or claimed to have a right to vote at the emolument, profit, and preferment, of such persons, in laid election, in order to procure themselves to be returned order to be elected, and for being elected a Member to as duly elected; and that the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Borough, as Returning Officers, during the poll, rejected Middlesex; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by him-many good votes who tendered to vote for the Petitioner, self, his agents, friends, and managers, and others, at the and admitted many bad votes for the said Edward Wilbra-charge of him the said Sir Francis Burdett, did, after the ham Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley; and that in consequence teste of the writ for the said election, and at and dunng the of the bribery and treating, and of other illegal acts com- said election, and before his election to serve in this present mitted and done by the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and Parliament for the said County of Middlesex, give, present*,

Sir Robert Lawley, the Petitioner apprehends that the said and allow, to divers persons having votes in the lajd election,

Edward Wilbraham Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley are ineli- money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make gible to Parliament, and incapable of being elected and re- presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and promises, , turned as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Bo- agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow tough; and that public and sufficient notice of the bribery money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and enter* and treating committed and done by the said Edward Wil- tainments, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, ad-braham Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley, and of their ineligibi- vantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of such lity in consequence thereof, and that votes given to them persons, in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Mem-would be thrown away, was given to the Electors of the ber to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of said Borough, but that, notwithstanding such notice, sundry Middlesex; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, before the I of the Electors of the said Borough did deliberately and said election, and at and during the fame, by himself, his

with foreknowledge (as well from the said notice as from agents, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, was, i the notoriety of the fafts) of the bribery and treating com- by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and others on

| mitted and done by the said Edward Wilbraham Bootle and his behalf, guilty of bribery and corruption and corrupt prac-

| Sir Robert Lawley, and by their agents, persist in tendering tices, in order to his being elected a Member at the said eice-

and in giving their votes to the said Edward Wilbraham tion to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of

Bootle and Sir Robert Lawley, though fully and publicly Middlesex; and that the said Sir Francis Burdett, before the

; apprized that they, were ineligible, and that votes lo given said election, and at and during the fame, by himself, his

would be thrown -away; and that several of the Electors of agents, friends, and managers, and others employed by him on the said Borough were, at the said election, and previously his behalfedid, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agree-thereto,* guilty of bribery, and of bribing and corrupting, ments, and securities for gifts and rewards, corrupt and pro-ami of attempting to bribe and corrupt, other Electors of cure divers persons to give their votes in the said election I tjip said Borough, and that several of the Electors of the said for him the said Sir Francis Burdett, and to forbear to give

! Borough were, at the said election, guilty of wilful and their votes for the said William all which un-

! corrupt perjury; and that several of the Electors of the lawful and corrupt pvaftices of the said Sir Francis

| said Borough, and divers other persons interesting them- were contrary to the freedom of election, to the Standing

i felvies, and ,interfering at tire said election, were, at the Orders of the House, and to the Laws and Statutes, in force

i said poll, and previously thereto, guilty of subornation of for preventing charge and expence jn, Elections of Members

1 perjury; and that, in consequence of the said bribery and to serve in Parliament, and for the more efieftuallyfprevent-

treatfpg, and of the said attempts to bribe and corrupt, and ing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to

4...... ‘ ‘ •.serve

__________ V^jOOQI.0

43 Geo. 111.

trve in Parliament. and have rendered the said election and nturn ('.i iiie i;«d Sir Francis B and void to :’Ji' intents and purpoiis: And therefore praying the i f-Hiic to rake their calc into consideration, and to grant to them such relief in the premises as to the House shall llcm nKct.

Onhmi, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tin Icla)’. the 12th day of April next, at the lame time that the Petition of William Esquire, is

oulrrtd to lie taken into considerat ion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his warrant, or warrants, for feelu perform, papers and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the levcraJ parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, tnade for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members tolerve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cates, were lent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said leveml Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

A Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of t Middlesex, whole names are thereunto subserrbed, was also read; letting forth, That at the last General Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of George

Bwg, Esquire, Sir Francis Bnrdett, Baronet, and William Mainz-caring Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said County in Parliament; and that, at the time of such election, the Petitioners were, and Hill arc. Freeholders of the said County; and that a poll was duly taken before the Sheriff of the said County, and, at the close thereof, the said George Byng and Sir Francis Bnrdett were declared by the Sheriff to have a majority of legal votes, and to be duly elected; and the said George Byng and Sir Francis Burden were returned accordingly Knights of the Shire for the said County; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that the said William Mainwaring has presented a Petition to the House against the election and return aforesaid, therein Hating, amongst other things, that at such election aforesaid, he, the said William Main-waring, had a majority of legal votes over the said Sir Franas Burdett, and claiming a right to have been returned one of the ltepresentatives for the said County, and now to lit for the lame; and the Petitioners further Hate, that the hid.* IVMi am Mainwaring had not a majority of legal votes at such election, and was not then competent to have been returned, nor is now competent to fit for the hid County, or to petition against the return of the said Sir Francis Burdett in manner aforesaid; and that the said ll'iiham Mainwaring hath not an estate, freehold or copy-hold, for his own life, or for any greater estate, either in law or Equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or 10 hods, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what will satisfy and clear all incumbrances that may affect the lame, lying or being within that part of Great Britain caded England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berzcick-itpon-Tzveed, of the annual value of Six hundred rounds; and that the said William Mainwaring was, at the t;me oi such election, and still is, disqualified by Law ‘tom fitting in the House, by reafoq of certain pensions, places, or offices held by the said William Mainwaring •»nd that the said William Mainwaring, by himself or his ager.ts, was guilty of grols and notorious bribery and cor-topuon at the said election, and by means thereof, did procure many Freeholders of the said County, and other prions, fallely representing themselves-to be Freeholders the said County; to give votes for the said waring at the said election; and that the said William Mainwaring, after the teste and the issuing out and ordpr-lnS °l the writ or writs of election, upon calling or funy wioniiigof the prefect Parliament; by himself or his, agents, both before and.since, and at and during the said election, oid give. present, and allow to many persons having, or pretending to have, voices in such election, money, meat, ennk, entertainment, or provision, ip order to his being £,nded to serve in Parliament for the said County, in con-Urupt and defiance of a Standing Order of the House, and VOL. 58.

63

contrary to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided; and that the said William , being

Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, did, by himself or his agents, unduly and unlawfully use and exercise the influence of the Magistracy during the said election, by procuring a great number of Police Officers and Constables, and other persons pretending to be Peace Officers and Constables, to obstrud and prevent the Freeholders, in the interest of the said Sir Francis Burdett, from getting up to poll at the said elec-" tion, by which means, in the courte of one day, above two hundred persons were prevented from voting in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett; and also by threats, and other undue means, procuring many Publicans, and other persons having interests in public houses, to vote for the said William Mainwaring, and to refrain from voting for the said Sir Francis Burdett, upon pain of having the licences of such public houses taken from them; and that, during the time of such election, the said William Main-waring, by himself and his agents, endeavoured, by violent language and threats, to overawe the fie turning Officer, and to influence his judgment in favour of the said William Mainwaring,-, and, that the said William Mainwaring did, by himself or his agents, by bribery and corrupt practices, cause and procure divers Paupers living in almshoulcs, and supported therein, to vote at such election in favour of the said William Mainwaring, and which said several persons fvvore respectively. to having a tenement of the value of Forty Shillings a year in such almshoulcs in which they were then io supported by charity; and that the said William Mainwaring did, by the' several ways aforesaid, and by various other unjult, illegal, and unconftitu-tional means, endeavour to procure himself a majority of votes, in contempt of the Orders of the House, and in de-fiance of the several Acts of Parliament in such cases made and provided; and the Petitioners are ready and willing to prove the premises aforesaid; and the Petitioners further state, that they conceive the said William Mainwaring is not competent to claim the return in the manner in his Petition mentioned, or to proceed upon the fame against the said Sir Francis Burdett, until he the said Mainwaring has cleared himself from the several charges aforesaid: And therefore praying relief against the preten-fions of the said William Mainwaring to be one of the ller presentatives for the County aforesaid.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th day of April next, at the lame time that the Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into consideration ;,

And a doubt arising, whether the matter of the said Petition was within the provisions of any of the Acts passed for the regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members tb serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Debate on That the said Petition does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regu- adjourned.0’ lated by any of the said Acts.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday

next.

A Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of Another Pe Middlesex, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was like- t,t,onuffl' wife read; letting forth, That at the lall general Election f^aTna u, of Knights of the Shire for the County of Middlesex, George Middled* Byng, Esquire, Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, and William Mainwaring, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said County in Parliament; and that at the time of such election, the Petitioners were, and still are. Freeholders of the said County; and that a poll was d,uly taken before the Sheriff of the said County, and at the close thereof the said George Byng and Sir Francis Burdett were declared by the Sheriff to have a majority of legal votes, and to be duly eluded, and the said George Byng and Sir Francis Burdett were returned accordingly Knights of the Shire for; the said County; and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that certain Freeholders of the said County in the interest of the said William Mainwaring, have presented a petition to l he House against the election

and

1

7° Decembris.

64 7° Decembris. A. 1803.

and return aforesaid, therein [biting, aniortgft other things* that at such election aforeiiiid, he the said Wiilum waring had a majority of legal votes over the said Sir Francis Burdett, and claiming a right for the said William

Mainwaring to have been returned one of the Representatives for the said County, and now to fit for the fame; and the Petitioners further date, that the said William Mainwaring had not a majority of legal votes at (iich election, and was not then competent to have been returned, nor is now competent to fit for the said County, or to petition against the return of the said Sir Francis Burden in manner aforesaid •, and that the said William Mainwaring hath not an estate, freehold or copyhold, for his own life, or for any greater estate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what will satisfy and clear all incumbrances that may affect the fame, lying or being within that part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Tweed, of the annual value of £■ 600; and that the said William Mainwaring was, at the time of the said election, and (till is, disqualified by Law from fitting in the House, by reason of certain pensions, places, or offices held by the said William Mainwaring; and that the said William waring, by himself, or his agents, was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption at the said election, and by means thereof did procure many Freeholders of the said County, and other persons fallely represenling themselves to be Freeholders of the said County, to give votes for the said William Mainwaring at the said election; and that the said William Mainwaring, after the telle and the iffiiing

out and ordering of the writ or writs of election, upon calling or summoning the present Parliament, by himself, or his agents, both before and since, and at and during the said election, did give, present, and allow to many persons, having or pretending to have voices in such election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, or provision, in order to his being elected to serve in Parliament for the said County, in contempt and defiance of the Standing Order of the House, and contrary to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided; and that the said William Mainwaring, being Chairman of the Quarter ' Sessions of the Peace for the said County, did, by himself. Or his agents, unduly and unlawfully use and exercise the influence of the Magistracy during the said cledtion, by procuring a number of Police Officers and Constables, and other persons pretending to be Peace Officers and Constables, to obstruct and prevent the Freeholders in the interest of the said Sir Francis Burdett from getting up to poll at the said election, by which means, in the course of one day, above i00 persons were prevented from voting in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett; and also by threats, and other undue means, procuring many Publicans, and other persons having interests in public houses, to vote for the said William Mainwaring, and to refrain from voting for the said Sir Francis Burdett, upon pain of having their licences of such public houses taken from them •, and that, during the time of such election, the said William Mainwaring, by himself and his agents, endeavoured by violent language and threats to overawe the Returning Officer, and to influence his judgment in favour of the said William Mainwaring; and that the said William Mainwaring did, by himself or his agents, by bribery and corrupt practices, cause and procure divers paupers, living in almshouses, and supported therein, to vote at such election in favour of the said William Mainzvaring, and which said several persons

swore respectively to having a tenement of the value of 40 s.a year in such almshouses, in which they were then so supported by charity; and that the said William Mainwaring did, by the several ways aforesaid, and by various •other unjust, illegal, and unconstitutional means, endeavour to procure himself a majority of votes, in contempt of the Orders of the House, and in defiance of the several Acts of Parliament in such cases made and provided; and the Petitioners are ready and willing to prove the premises aforesaid; and the Petitioners further (late, that they conceive that it is not competent to the said Freeholders in -the interest of the said William Mainzvaring to claim the return in the manner in their Petition mentioned, or to proceed upon the fame against the said Sir Francis Burdett

And therefore praying relief against the ptetensions of the f 1

said Freeholders in the interest of the said William Mai:-

Wetring, that he, the said William Mj should be one of the Represen tat ives for the said County. * ,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, j

That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th day of April next, at the same time that 1'

the Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into consideration;

And a doubt arising, whether the matter of the said Petition was within the provisions of any of the Acts pallid for the Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections* or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; r

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Debatton That the said Petition does not come within the descrip- Motion "'a 1 tion of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regu- aJjju.ntd.'" lated by any of the said Acts.; J

And a debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday j

next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Hereford unto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of Hereford, and who voted for the election of Members petition thereof, was read; setting forth. That on the day of clec- FretfcoiUc< tion of Members of this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, began arid held at the Town Hall in the City of Hereford, and afterwards adjourned to the usual p!a:e of electing Members for the said County of Hereford, on the 14th day of July 1802, Sir George Cornewall, Baronet,

Robert Middleton Biddnlph, and John Geers Cotter el!, Esquires, were nominated as Candidates to represent the said County of Hereford in Parliament; and that upon such nomination, the said Robert Middleton Biddulpk and John Geers Cotterell were declared, by Edward Belton Esquire, the Sheriff of the said County of Hereford, as duly elected} and that a poll was afterwards demanded by the said Sir George Cornewall, Baronet; and that the said Robert Middleton Biddnlph did, by himself, and his agents and managers, and by other ways and means, on his "behalf, and at his charge, pending the said poll, and during the said election, and after the teste of the writ for the said election of Members of this present Parliament for the 'said County of Hereford, in violation and defiance of the Law and Custom of Parliament, and of the Standing Ordijr or Orders of the House, and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom, made for preventing charge and expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom made for the more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament, give, present, and allow to divers persons having votes in such election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and make promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of such person and persons, in order to be elected, and that the said Robert Middleton Biddnlph might be elected a Member to serve in the said present Parliament for the said County of Hereford-, and also did give money and other rewards by way of gift, and did agree and contract for money, gifts, and other rewards, to divers persons having votes in such election, to give their votes to and for him the said Robert Middleton Biddnlph at the said election, and to refuse and forbear their votes for the said John Geers Cotterell at the said election; and also did, by gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons, having votes in such election, to give their votes to the said Robert Middleton Biddnlph at the said election, and to forbear to give their votes 10 the said John Geers Cotterell at the said election; and that the said Robert Middleton Bid-dulph, by various other ways and means, was guilty of bribery and corruption, and of treating at and during the said ele&ion, and previous to the fame, and after the teste of the writ for the fame; and that, by reason thereof, the said Robert Middleton Biddnlph is disabled and incapacitated upon such election to serve in Parliament for the said

County

-V 3

ir

43, Geo. III.'

7° Decanbris.

m

'lu’ir, r*: tS fi, -ll. LtS

County of Hereford, and Aofild not fit, ad, or have any premises iiato Consideratjoli, And grant such relief therein vote or place in Parliament: And that, under the above* as to shall item meet, and as the circumstances

faced circumstances, the Petitioners pray the House will of the case shall require. < ... take the premises into consideration, and grant such relief Ordered, That the said Petition be taken jjftnfkfets* therein as to the House shall feero meet, and as the cir- tion upon Thurlclay, the 13 th day of January |)$xt, at the cpmliances of the case shall require. fame time that the Petition of the several Personp whole

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon County of Hereford, and who voted for the Election of Thursday, the 13th day of January next, at the same time Members thereof, is ordered to be taken into consideration. that the Petition of the several Persons whole names are Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffuP his warrant, ot thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be Hereford, and who voted for the Election of . Members thought necessary, by the several parties, on (he hearing

the matter of the said Petition.

thereof, is ordered to be taken into consideration;

And a doubt arising, whether the matter of the said Petition was within the provisions of any of the Acts passed for the regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament;

DrhiK on reia-

ire

A Petition of Richard Philipp, a Freeholder pjf

the County of was read; setting forth, That Eletffon—

at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to represent A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, the said County in Parliament, James and a Freeholder

That the said Petition does not come within the deferip- William Paxton, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at tion of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated the said Election the said fames Hamlyn Williams was guilty by any of the said Acts. of notorious bribery and corruption; and that after and

And a debate arising in the House thereupon; before the telle and issuing of the writ of election on the

Ordered, That the debate be adjourned till Monday summoning of this present Parliament, and during, and

next.

A Petition of the several Persons whole names are there-unto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of M Hereford, and who voted for the Election of Members thereof, was also read; setting forth. That Sir George

nrffOfJ

saty

L-tfiofl—

after, and with a view to such election, the said James Hamlyn Williams was, by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and at his expence, guilty of treating the Freeholders of the same County of Carmarthen having voice in that election, in defiance of the Standing Order of the w w House, and in contempt of the provisions of an Act, passed

Commall, Baronet, being put into nomination with Robert in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King Middleton Biddnlph and John Geers Cotterell, as a proper William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing

person to represent the County of Hereford, and afterwards " charge and expence in Elections of Members to serve duly returned by the Sheriff of the said County, did, by * in Parliament;" and that the said William Paxton was himself, and his agents and managers, and by other ways in like manner guilty of bribery and treating, and that by and means On his behalf, and at his change, at and during these and Various other corrupt and illegal proceedings the the Election of Members of this present Parliament for said James Hamlyn Williams procured himself to be re-the said County of Hereford, begun and held at the said turned to serve in this Parliament for the said County; City of Hereford on the 14th day of July 1802, and after but the Petitioner submits to the House, that by reason the telle of the writ for the said election of Members of of the premises, neither the said James Hamlyn Williams this present Parliament for the said County of Hereford, dr the said William Paxton ought to have been returned a in violation and defiance of the Law and Custom of Par- Knight of the Shire to serve in the present Parliament for liament, and of the Standing Order or Orders of the the same County; and that the said James Hamlyn Williams House, and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and and William Paxton were and arethertby, each of them. Statutes of this kingdom made for preventing charge and disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament for the expence on Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, laid County; and that the said return of the said James and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes Hamlyn Williams is void, and that the said Jantes Hamlyn of this kingdom for the more effectually preventing Williams ought to be deemed and taken no Member of bribery and corruption in the Election of Members to Parliament, and ought not to ad, fit, or have any vote serve in Parliament, give, present, and allow to divers or place in Parliament, but Ought to be, to all intents, persons having votes in such.election, money, meat, drink, constructions, and purposes, as if he had been never reentertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, re- turned or elected Member for the Parliament: And there-wards, and eotertainments, and make promises, agree- fore praying the House to declare the return of the Hud tnents, obligations, and engagements to give and allow James Hamlyn Williams to/ be void, and that the said James Meat, drink, provision, pretents, rewards, and entertain- Hamlyn Williams and William Patton are eachof them dif* went, to and for such persons, and to and for the use, abled to serve in this Parliament as a Knight of the Shire advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of for the said County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confiefera* tion upon Tuesday, the ill day of February next, at the same time that the Petition of William Paxton, of dleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

___,.. c... ___ _____ __________ warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

Aehid Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, at the said election; thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing ind also did, by gifts, and by promises, agreements, and of the matter of the said Petition.

I O 0 A ^ ^ 1 ‘ 1

Men person and persons, in order to be elected, and that the said Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, might be elected a Member to lerve in the said present Parliament for the hid County of Hereford-, and also did give money and other rewards by way of gift, and did agree and Contract lor money, gifts, and other rewards to divers persons having votes in Inch election, to give their votes to and for him

security for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons having votes1 in such election to give their votes to the said Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, at the said election-, and that the said Sir George , Baronet,

thereby, and by various other ways and means, was guilty °l bribery and corruption, and of treating’ at and during

A Petition of John Chubb, William , and James Bndgewat Mills, Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough of -water, in the County of Smerfet, was. read; setting forth, Ettfton.

That at the last Election of Members to serve ip Parlia-

, r____,__________ D__________Q ment for the said Borough of Bridgewater, Jefferys Aden,

the said election, and previous to the fame, and after the Esquire, George Pocock, Esquire, John Agnew, Esquire, and teste of the writ for the fame; and the said election of John Harcourt, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said the laid Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, was therefore con- Jefferys Allen and George Pocock, by themselves and their tary to Law, and was add is, to all intents and purposes, agents, after the dissolution of the last Parliament, and actually null and void; and that under the above-stated after the issuing of the writ for the said election* and wcumstances, the Petitioners complain of the said elec- previous to and during the poll at the said election, by fwn and return, and conceive themselves thereby highly themselves and their agents, and by other ways and means.

1 Vot. 58. s and

T re gone y

Elcttion— Petition of Electors.

66

7" Decemb

Ak 1802.

tod George Pocoek, did give, present, and allow-to the and corruption to jprociire.' the'Jnfehfes to , be elected arid

Electors of the said Borough, and to several persons who returned to serve in Parira/uent for the said' Borough; and had or claimed aright to vote in the election for the said that the la:d Marquis of Bian ({ford and the said

Borough, money, meat; drink, reward, entertainment, and Cocke, Inquire, at divers times between the telle of the

provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for writ and the return for the said Borough, did, by them-

the said Borough, in open defiance of the Law; and that (elves and their agents, distribute victuals and drink among

4he said Jefferys Alien and George Pocock, by themtcJves the Electors of the said Borough, in violation of the Laws

tod their agents/ were guilty of bribery and corruption, made to prevent inch corrupr and pernicious practices-;

and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a right and that, by means of these corrupt agreements, fraud u-

to vote in the said election, in order to procure them- lent doling of the poll, bribery, and treating, the said

lelves to be returned as persons duly defied; and that Marquis of Bland ford and Charles Cockerell, Esquire, pro*

IJokn Symes, Mayor of the said Borough, and Returning cured an apparent and colourable majority on the poll.

Officer at the said election, acted partially and unfairly in and procured themselves to be unduly and unlawfully re* rite execution of his office as such Returning Officer, turned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough j and during the said poll, in rejefling good votes which were that the Petitioners are adviled that the said Election and tendered for the said John Agnew, Esquire, and John Har- Return, lo unlawfully procured, are void and of no effefl: court, Esquire, and which be, as Returning Officer, ought And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their to have received, and in receiving bad votes which were counsel, on the matter of the said Election and Return, tendered for the said Jefferys Allen and George Pocock, and and that they may have such relief as the House shall deem which he the said John Symes, as Returning Officer, ought meet.

to have rejected; and that many of the Electors of the Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confident* said Borough, who gave their votes at the said election tion upon Thursday, the 5th day of May next, at Three of for the said Jefferys Allen, Esquire, and George Pocock, the clock in the Afternoon.

Esquire, were induced to do so by bribery and corruption, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or and were therefore disqualified from voting, and their warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be votes ought not to have been admitted; and that, by the thought necessary, by the several parties, 011 the hearing of said and other undue means, the said Jefferys Allen and the matter of the said Petition.

George Pocock obtained a majority of votes on the poll,

and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Snibmy the said Borough, in prejudice of the said John Agnewand unto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of , in of^fonof"

John Harcourt, who were duly elected by a majority of the County of Suffolk, was read; ferting forth, That at the EJetfo/?.

legal votes, and who ought to have been returned, in lad election for the Borough 01 Sudbury, in the -County of manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the legal Suffolk, Sir John Cox Hippefley, Baronet, and John Electors of the said Borough, and in open defiance of Esquire, were Candidates, and were returned as Members the Law and freedom of Elections: And therefore pray- having been duly elected for the said Borough; and that, ing the House to take the premises into confederation, and previous to and after the telle tire wiit of iummons for to grant them such relief as to the House shall, upon the election of proper persons to represent the said Borough examination, seem meet. . of Sudbury, and before the said election, and also at and

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera- during the time of the said election, and before the return tion upon Thursday, the 23d day of this instant December, made, the said John Pytches did, by himself, and his agents at the same time that the Petition of John Agnew, Esquire, and friends, with his privity, by his directions, and on his is ordered to be taken into consideration. behalf, give to divers Electors of the said Borough, or per-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or ferns having or claiming to be Electors of the said Borough warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be of Sudbury, and having votes in such election, money, meat, thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of drink, entertainment, and provision; and the said Jo tin the matter of the said Petition. Pytches, his agents and friends, did also make and give to ;V"

• such persons, so having votes as aforesaid, presents, gifts, f

Then the names of the places to which the residue of rewards, and entertainment, and did also, previous to and the said Petitions related (being all of them Petitions of at the time of the said election, make promises and agreements, and enter into obligations and engagements, to give '

and allow such persons money, meat, drink, provision, pre- . y

fents, rewards, and entertainments, in order that he the said John Pytches might be elected as one of the Representatives in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by reason of

the' lad Class mentioned in the Re(blution of the House t»f the 24th day of November last) were put into the glass at the Table, and dr|wn by the Clerk, in the following order: . ..

A' Petition of the thereunder-signed Electors of the

Borough of Tregoney, in the County of Cornwall, was read; such conduct of the said John Pytches, in defiance of the setting forth, That the Election of two Burgesses to serve Standing Order; of the House, and in violation of the Laws in Parliament for the said Borough began on the 8th day of the Realm, me Petitioners submit that the said John of July 1802, and that the Mod honourable the Marquis Pytches became, and was, incapable of being returned or of Bland ford, Charles Cockerell, Esquire, Saville Halifax, elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough or Esquire, and James Ramsay Cuthbert, Esquire, were Can- Town of; and that the Petitioners submit to the

dictates to represent the said Borough; and that, on the House, that the said John Pytches having lb become legally said '8th: day of July, the poll was kept open for the incapable of being returned and elected as one of the number of hours required by Law; and that, on the 9th Representatives for the said Borough or Town of Sudbury, day of July, the poll was opened at nine o’clock, but such votes as were given for him, and in his favour, are and suspended at eleven, and resumed at half pad twelve; ought to be considered as null and void; and that the re-and that the poll was finally closed at two o’clock on turn and election of the said John Pytches mult also be con-the said $th day of July, by the Returning Officer, with- fidered as null and void; and that the said John Pytches out Proclamation made, or notice to the Electors of the said mud also be deemed no Member legally elected (or the Borough, and-when a very considerable number of them said Borough or Town of And therefore praying,

had not polled, several of. whom had tendered their votes; That a day may be appointed for taking the premises into and that the poll was thus unlawfully and fraudulently consideration, and that thcele&ion of the said closed in consequence of certain secret and collusive agree- may be declared null and void, and his incapacity to fit ments which were entered iato between the said Candidates and vote, or be elected, for the said Borough or down of

Sube declared; and that the House will otherwise grant to the Petitioners such relief in the premilfs as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-* tion upon Tuesday, the 10th day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

warrants.

and their friends and agents, and particularly between Sir Christopher- Hawkins, Baronet, and Richard Barivell,

Esquire, in violation of the rights of the said Electors, and in prejudice of the freedom'of election in the said Borough; and that the said Marquis of Bland ford and Charles Cofkerell,: Esquire, were, by themselves and theq agents, guilty of repeated and notorious acts of bribery

•d;

Si

of

‘d

n

4&Geo. III.

79 \becembris.

6t

IfJiua—

fftTWll of Vi*. Con. aaaflu

warrants, for such ■persons, papers, and records^ as'(hall'be sent the said Town and Portintlie present Session of Par-thought necessary, by the teveral parties, on the hearing of liament. Sir Walter Stirling, Baronet, and Lucius,

the matter of the said Petition. Esquire, George Rose Ellis, Esquire, and Joseph' Sullivan,

Esquire, and Andrew Dennis O'Kelly, Esquire, and Charles A Petition of Lucius Concannon, Esquire, was read; setting Harrison, Esquire, offered themselves as Candidates to re* forth, That at the last general Election for the Town and present the said Town and Port * that at the close of the Fort of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, Charles Rose Ellis, poll, the Bailiff of the said Town and Port, being the Re-Esquir e, Joseph Sullivan, Esquire, Sir Walter Stirling, Bafonet, turning Officer, did declare the said George Rose Ellis and

and the Petitioner, were originally nominated Candidates; J Sullivan duly elected, who are now the fitting Mem-.that towards -the dole of the poll Charles Harifon, Esquire, bers for the said Town and Port; that the said two fitting and Andrew Demis O' Kelly, Esquire, were brought forward as Members, and also the said Sir Walter Stirling and Lucius Candidates after the great majority of votes had polled, and Concannon, Esquire, were guilty, by themselves and their the said Charles Harifon and Andrew Demis O'Kelly received agents, previous to the said election, of tnany gross and the votes of two Electors; and that the said Charles Rose notorious acts of bribery and corruption, and were thereby Ellis and Joseph Sullivan were guilty of bribery and corrup- disqualified and rendered incapable of representing the said

tion by themselves and their agents; and that the said Town and Port in Parliament; that the Petitioner did at Charles Rcfe Ellis and Joseph Sullivan did, by themselves and the said election publicly declare, that the said fitting Mdm-agents, allow, promifq, and give meat, drink, provision, and bers, and also the said Sir Walter Stirling and Lucius -entertainment to the Eledors for the said Town and Port, cannon, Esquire, were by such bribery and corruption, by after the telle of the writ, and during the poll for the said themselves and agents, so disqualified, and did accordingly Town and Port, contrary to the Statute, and to the Resolu- vote for the said Andrezv Dennis O'Kelly and Charles -tions of the House *, and by the means aforesaid obtained rifon, 'whom he knew had not been guilty of bribery and a majority on the poll; and that the Returning Officer was corruption: And therefore praying that the House will be one of the agents employed by the said Charles Rose Ellis pleased to take his Petition into confederation, and grant him and Joseph Sullivan in bribing and corrupting, and treating such relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

on of

an.

the said Voters; that the said Returning Officer did besides behave illegally, partially, and corruptly, in rejecting the votes of Eledors who were legally entitled to vote, and who tendered their votes for the said Sir and

Lucias Concannon, and did admit Eledors to poll for the said Charles P-ofe Ellis and Joseph Sullivan, who had no right

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into consideration at the same time that the last preceding Petition shall be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

IfeN

J toon-

I ban of

pin in the

•.rjrfir. I ^; *id Mr.

to vote; that the said Sir Walter Stirling and Lucius Con- thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of mm ought to have been returned, having a legal majority the matters of the said Petitions.

■if unbiatied votes; that the said Charles Rose Ellis and

Joseph Sullivan cannot legally represent the said Town and A Petition of John Langston, Esquire, and James -Fort in Parliament, having been guilty of bribery and cor- bridge the Younger, Esquire, was read; setting forth. That petition of* ruption, and treating, by themselves and agents: And’ at the last Election for the Borough of Minehead, in the Mr. Langfto therefore praying the House to take his Petition info-con- Count John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon, Iteration, and grant him such relief in the prertiifes as to Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates to represent ‘

the House shall seem meet. - < ' the said Borough in Parliament* and that the said John

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken intoconsidera- Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon, by themselves or their tion upon Thursday, the 12th day of May aekt, at Three agents, friends, and managers, did, aifter thetefte and issuing of the clock in the Af ternoon. k out of the writ of election, give to persons having vote in

A Petition of Thomas Dtinstone, John Woollett, and John such meat and drink, and also make other prefen ts,.

Outteridfe, Inhabitants paying foot and lot within the gifts, and rewards, so such persons; and that, by an Act of Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, and Parliament, passed in the 9th year of the reign of Queen thereby possessing a right of voting in the choice of two Anne, intituled, " An upon

" ’ ‘ ~ " e< writs of Mandamus and informations in the nature of a

" quo Warranto more speedy and effectual, and for the "more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices ‘ and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs," reciting,

‘That whereas in divers Counties, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, where the Mayor, Bailiff, or " other Officer or Officers, to whom it belongs "at the election, and make return of any Member to.serve "in Parliament, ought to be annually the fame " person hath been re-elected into such office for several " years successively, which has been found’ inconvenient," it was enacted, " That no person or persons who had been or "should be in such annual office fora whole year "be capable to be chosen into the fame office for the year

‘ immediately ensuing and that the Constables of the

and other undue influence, whereby many of the Voters Borough of Minehead are the Officers who at the

*ere influenced to give their votes for them; and that the election, and make return of the Members to serve in Par-Heturning Officer did admit persons (not duly qualified/ liament for the said Borough; and that the of

to vote for the fitting Members, and did reject the legal the Borough of Minehead ate appointed annually at the votes of others who had tendered them for the said Sir Court Leet of the said John Fownes Luttrell, Lord of the Welter Stirling, Baronet, and Lucius Concannon, Esquire; Manor of Minehead aforesaid; and that John Lyddon and that the Peritioners did at the said election vote for the John Jenkins we/e appointed Constables of the said Borough >'

laid Sir H alter Stirling and Lucius Concannon, and that the at the Court Leet held for the said Manor and Borough in W Sir Walter Stirling and Lucius Concannon had a majority the year 1800, and were also appointed Constables the •'

of legal votes: And therefore praying the House will take said Borough at a Court Leet held for the said Manor and .■fle,r Petition into consideration, and grant them such re- Borough in the following year 1801, contrary to Law hef in the premises as to the House shall seem meet. and to the Form of the said and that they had no

■ . A Petition of Thomas Evans, Clerk, an Inhabitant pay« legal right to preGde, and ought not to have preGded, at /

1 'jig foot and lot within the Town and Port of Seaford, in the last election for the said Borough as Returning Officers,

V »>« County of Sussex, and thereby possessing a right of and therefore the Petitioner

>7 'oting in the choice of two Barons to represent the said election ought to be declared void; and that the said

,0Wn and Port in Parliament, was likewise read; setting John Lyddon and John Jenkins, pretending to be Returning (

Wh, That at the last election of two Members to tepreT Officers, but not being legally entitled to difebasge the •voi. 58. ‘ duties j, I)

, ______ - -

byOwVJVBL

Barons to fepresent the said Town and Port in Parliament, was also read; setting forth, That at the last Election of two Members to represent the said Town and Port in the present Session of Parliament, Sir Walter Stirling, Baronet, and Lucius Concannon, Esquire, George Rose Ellis, Esquire, and Joseph Sullivan, Esquirer and Andrew Dennis O'Kelly, tiquire, and Charles Harrison, Esquire, offered themselves as Candidates to represent the said Town and Port; that at the dole of the poll the Bailiff of the laid Town and Port, hving the Returning Officer, did declare the said George Rose Ellis and Joseph Sullivan dulyeleded, who are now the litting Members for the said Town and Port; that the said two fitting Members, by themselves and their agents, previous to and during the said election, were guilty of mam gross and notorious Acts of bribery and corruption.

€8

7* Decembris.

a. rsos.

dirties of the said office, djd,> in the discharge of the said procure divers persons, having votes in such election, to give duties so assumed by them^ iinwarrantably, partially, and their votes to the said John Scudamore and Thomas Pawed illegally conduct themselves in the lame, by taking partial , at the said election; and that the said John Seuda-

advice from persons engaged in the interest of, and emr and Thomas Force// Symonds, thereby, and by various

j)loved by, the said John Fownes Luttrell and ’John Pattefon, other ways and means, were guilty of bribery and corruption, and did partially and illegally admit persons to vote for and of treating, at and during the said election', and previous them, :whole votes ought to have been rejected, and to the lame, and after the teste of the writ for the fame; and did reject the votes of persons for the Petitioners, whole that the said election of the said and Thomas

votes ought to have been admitted, and did in other re- Powell Symonds was therefore contrary to Laiv, and was and (pe&sadt illegally, partially, and corruptly, in discharge of is, to all intents and purposes, null and void; and that, the duty they had illegally assumed as aforesaid; and that under the above-stated circumstances, the Petitioners com-the said John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon, previous to plain of the said election and return, and conceive them-and during the poll upon the said lait election, by them- lelves thereby highly aggrieved# And therefore praying, selves and their agents, were guilty of bribery and cor- That the House will take the premises into confederation, ruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt, divers per- and grant such relief therein as to the House shall leem fons who claimed to have or had a right to votp in the said meet, and as the circumstances of the case shall require, election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-persons duly elected: And therefore praying the House to tion upon Thursday, the 19th day of May next, at Three take the premises into confederation, and to give them of the clock in the Afternoon.

relief therein, by declaring the said election to be void; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or war-and that the said John Fownes Luttrell and John Pattefon rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be have rendered themselves incapable of representing the said thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of Borough in Parliament. . the matter of the said Petition.

reford C Election-‘etition of rttjneu.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating-the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cates, were sent to the several parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confederation upon Tuesday, the 17th day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants', for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

ity A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Here-

ford, was read; setting forth. That John Scudamore and Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to Estimate*

/ Thomas Powell Symonds, Esquires, having, for sometime their Address to His Majesty, presented

previous to the day of Election for Members of this present The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Ordinary of Parliament for the City of Hereford, offered themselves as year 1803:And also, Wavy-

Candidates to represent the said City in this present Par- , An. Estimate ofi the Charge of what may be necelfiuy for Buildings, liament, and having also, previous to the day of election for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c- shlP Members in this present Parliament for the said City of in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Hereford, canvalled and solicited votes, in order to their Works, over and above What are proposed to be done upon being returned Members in this present Parliament for the the heads of. Wear and Tear* and Ordinary, for the year said City of Hereford; and that the said John Scudamore and 1803: And also,

Thomas Powell Symonds being, on the day of such election,. An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Tonfports, began-and held at the Town Hall in the* said City of Here- Payment of the Hire, of Transports, between the id January ford.on the 6th day of July 1802, nominated as Members and 31ft December 1803.

Sir Evan Nepean also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted for the prisonei* o Service of Sick Prisoners ot War, for Thirteen lunar "r*r>;

to represent the said City in Parliament, did, severally and respectively, by themselves and their several and respective agents and managers, on their and each of their behalfs, and at their and each of their several and respective charges, at and during the said election of Members in this present months, commencing the 1 ft of January 1803: And also.

Ditto.

Estimate of the Monies that will be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, between ft January and 31st December 1803.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimatcs.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preservd among the other Papers of this S^l-(ion; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, are inierted in the Appendix to this (No. I ' Volume.

AppTi&

Parliament for the said City of Hereford, and for some time

previous to the fame, and after the teste of the writ for the saidelcdipn of Members pfthis present Parliament for the £ud City of Hereford, in violation and defiance of the Law and Custom of Parliament, and of the Standing Order and Orders of the House, and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdbm made for preventing charge and expence inEledions of Members to serve in Parliament, and also in defiance and violation of the Laws and Statutes of this kingdom for the more effectually preventing bribery and corruption in the election of Mem* bers to serve in Parliament, give, present, and allow, to

divers persons having votes in such election, money, meat, A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Durham < drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, unto subscribed. Citizens and Freemen of the City of p^fton" gifts, rewards, and entertainment, and make promises, Durhamhaving aright to vote in the Election of Members citizens; agreementsyobligations, and engagements to give and allow tp serve in Parliament for the said City, was delivered in Frcemefl-.\, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertain- at the Table, and read; setting forth, That at the last ment, to and for such Persons, and to and and for the use, election for Members to serve in this present Parliament advantage,.benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment, of for the City of Durham, Ralph John Lambton, Richard such person and persons, in order to be elected, and that Whartm, and Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquires, were Can-the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds might dictates to represent the said City 5 and the said Ralph John

be elected Members to serve in the said present Parliament Lambton and Richard Wharton were returned as such Mem-for the said City of Hereford ;and also did give money, and bers, as having the majority on the poll; and that the said other rewards, by way of gift, and did agree and contract Richard Wharton, by himl’elf, his agents, friends, and major Money, gifts, and other rewards, to divers persons nagers, did, after the teste and issuing out of the writ of having votes in such election, to give their votes to and for election, give to persons having vote in such election, meat;

them the said John Scudamore and Thomas Powell Symonds and drink, and did also make other presents, gifts, and :3

at the said election; and also did, by gifts and promises, rewards, and divers promises, obligations, or engagements agreements and securities forgifts and reward s, corrupted to do the lame, to many persons having voice in such ri

2 eledipn,

43 Geo. IIL 7° Decembris -

election, contrary to, and in defiance of, the order, usage, and Law of Parliament ;and that the said Richard by himself, his agents, friends, and managers, and by other ways and means, on the behalf or at the charge of him the said Richard Wharton, did, after the didolution of the last Parliament, and after the teste or issuing of the writ for the said election, give, present, and allow to persons having voice or vote in the said election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and did make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainment, and make promises, agreements, obligations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for several persons so having or claiming right to vote in the said election, and to or for the life, advantage, benefit, profit, and preferment of such persons so having or claiming right to vote in the said election, in order to procure him the said Richard Wharton to be elected to serve in Parliament, and for his the said Rickard Wharton being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City of Durham, contrary to, and in contempt of, the provisions of the several Aifts of Parliament made for preventing of treating, and bribery and corruption at the election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Petitioners are Citizens and Freemen of the said City of Durham, having a right to vote at the elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and at the last election for such City the Petitioners voted for the said Michael Angelo Taylor; and that the said Richard Wharton used the aforesaid and other undue means and corrupt practices of treating and bribery, and illegally incurred great charge and expence in and about the said election, whereby the rights and privileges of the Petitioners, and the other Citizens and Freemen of the said City, have been violated; and the Petitioners complain of the eleiffion and return of the said Richard , and submit that his

eleiffion is void, and that he is disabled and incapacitated from fitting as a Member to represent the said City in this present Parliament: And therefore praying, That the matters aforesaid may be taken into consideration, and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th day of May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Aifts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

according to Order, resolved itself into a till. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filing up Vacancies therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Alexandertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander repo r! eel from the Committee, That they tad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

sla,

jiition-. ^t'tion of Sir Watkin Lewes, of the City of London, Knight, and one of the Aldermen of the said City, was *UtUin delivered in at the Table, and read; letting forth, That at the last election of Members to serve in this Parliament lorthe City of London, which commenced on the 6th day °fM' 1802, the Petitioner, and Sir John William Anderson, Baronet, and Sir William Curtis, Baronet, then William Car//;, Esquire, and Harvey C/rijlian Combe, and Charles Price, Benjamin Travers, and William Lushington, Esquires, offered themselves Candidates to serve as Representatives 111 Parliament for the said City; and the said Sir John Vol. r8

William Anderson, 55 ir William Curtis, Haez'y Christiun Combe, and Charles Price, were returned ns duly elected !:y Sir William Rawlins, Knight, and Robin Albion Cox, Esquire, the Sheriff of, and Returning Officers ffr, the said City; but the conduct of the said Returning Officers in the said election was unfair and illegal in the manner after dated; and it was by means of such unfair and illegal conduct of the said returning Officers in the said election, that the said other Candidates had an apparent and colourable majority against the Petitioner; and in case the said election had been fairly and legally conducted, and all such of the Liverymen of the said City entitled to vote in the said election, and as were desirous of so doing, had had such opportunity of voting, as in Law they were entitled to, the Petitioner would have had such a majority of the votes of the Electors of the said City as would have entitled him, according to Law, to be returned to the House as the Member duly elected to serve in this Parliament for the said City; and that when the Petitioner, and the said other Candidates, were nominated on the day aforesaid to serve for the said City, the Guildhall of the said City was greatly crowded with Liverymen of the said City, who were desirous to exercise their franchise of voting; for Members to serve in this Parliament for the said City; and upon that occasion there appeared, on the shew of hands, a very great and decisive majority in favour of the Petitioner, whereupon a poll was demanded by some ' of the other Candidates, and the said Returning Officers appointed such poll to commence at three o’clock of the fame Tuesday; and such poll actually commenced at half pad three o’clock of the lame Tuesday, the 6th of July 1802, and continued until half pad four o’clock of the fame day, and the books were then doled for that day; and that upon commencing the said poll on the said 6th day of July, the said Returning Officers appointed leven poll clerks to take the poll, and they duly proceeded to do so for that day; that the poll commenced again at nine o’clock in the mornings of Wednesday the 7th of July, and of Thursday the 8th, and Friday the 9th, of the fame July 1802, and closed on each of those days at the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon of the said re-speiftive days; and that during each of the said three days, the Returning Officers had there appointed fix poll clerks, who attended and exercised the duty of their office, in taking the votes of the Eleiftors who voted, and during the whole period the poll was open, on the said several days successively, the said poll clerks were fully employed in taking the votes of the Eleiftors, and on each of the said days, many persons who attended for the purpose of voting were obliged to return home without exercising the-ir franchise, because they the poll clerks were employed in taking the votes of other Electors; and that some person or persons, to the Petitioner unknown, did, in order to prevent the Petitioner from personally attending' at the Huttings, and otherwise exerting himself in bringing forward the Liverymen of the City who were desirous of returning the Petitioner as their Representative to serve in the said Parliament, prevailed upon a man who had a legal demand on the Petitioner (but which demand had fiiortly then before been settled, by giving him a security for the amount to his own satisfaiftion) to cause the Petitioner to be arrested and detained in custody; and, by means of the Petitioner’s absence during Friday the 9th of July, (lie other Candidates had opportunities of bringing forward the Voters in their favour, and thereby, at the dole of the poll on that day, the four persons who have been returned as Members to serve for the said City, had a considerable majority over the Petitioner; and that, at the dole of the poll on the said Friday the 9th of July, the Returning Officers made the usual proclamation for commencing the poll again on the following day', Saturday the 10th of July, at the said hour of nine clock; and that, on the said Saturday, the 10th of July, the poll was again opened at the said hour of nine o’clock, but the said Returning Officers, instead of appointing a competent number of poll clerks to attend to take the poll, had only one poll clerk attending to perform that duty; and, during the two succeeding poll days, that is to lay, Monday the 12th, and Tuesday the 13th of the fame July 1802, the Returning Officers did not appoint a competent number of poll clerks to attend and take the poll, as in Law they

I L.oogte -

70

7° Ikccmbris.

A. 1S

Were bound to have done> and on each of the said days according to Law, to have continued as required by the one poll clerk only was appointed and attended to take the Petitioner; the Petitioner therefore submits to the House, poll; and that, during each of the said days of Saturday that the apparent majority upon which the before-named the ioth, and Monday the 12th, and Tuesday the 131h of persons have been returned to serve as Members for the July, a great body of Liverymen of the said City, who laid City, in the present Parliament, ought not to be con-were entitled by Law to vote for the return of Members fidered as a return made upon the votes of the majority to serve in this Parliament for the said City, attended at of the Liverymen of the said City entitled to vote for tie Guildhall at and during the time of polling, for the Members to lerve for the said City in Parliament: And purpose of exercising their laid franchise of voting, and therefore praying the Iloufe to give llich orders, touching they were unable to give their votes by reason of the great the premises, as shall be right, and according to the Kuks of crowd of other Electors who attended for the fame pur- the House, so that a proper return may be made of Mem-poll*, and for want of a competent number of poll clerks bers to lerve in the present Parliament for the said City, to take the votes of the said Electors who attended; and, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-

by reason of Inch deficiency of poll clerks, very many of tion upon Thursday, the 26:h day of May next, at Three llich Electors returned home on each d iv without having of the clock in the Afternoon.

jMemorandum:

an opportunity of exercising their laid franchise as they were ddirous, and endeavoured to do; and that the said poll, in Head of being conducted with that regularity and decency which ought to have been, and would have been the calc, if the Returning Officer had appointed and procured "the attendance of a competent number of poll clerks to take the votes of the Electors, was, during great part of the said three da\s of polling, a seene of disturbance and confusion, in which it was quite impossible for the one poll clerk who attended to perform his duty; and the ltrugde of the Electors who attended was lb great, in their ieveraiiy endeavouring to get lip to the poll book for the purpose of giving their votes, that many Elect )rs who had actually been iworn, and whole names and descriptions were entered in the poll book preparatory to their votes being taken according to Law, were forced away from the place of voting by the crowd behind them, before they had an opportunity of naming the Candidates for whom they voted, as by reference to the poll book will appear; and that the body of Liverymen of the said City of London, entitled to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, amounts to nearly ten tliou-iand persons, and great part of that body, who have real votes at the said election, would in salt have given their voles, and would have voted for the Petitioner, it a competent number of poll clerks had been appointed, and had continued to act in taking the poll during the time pre-icribed by Law for making the said election; and that not more than four thousand five hundred Liverymen have in fact voted; and that, according to the mode of taking the votes of the Electors for the said City, one poll clerk, fully and diligently employed during the whole time the poll was kept open, could not take the votes of more than three hundred Voters in one day; and that on Saturday the ioth of July, and on each of the succeeding days, when only one poll clerk attended to take the votes, more than a thousand Electors attended to give their votes, and endeavoured to do so, but a preat number of them were

• O

unable- to affect "it, and returned home without voting;

In pursuance offeveral AOs, made for remilatin

1 o o

the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices as in former cales were lent to the parties; ac-companied with orders fir their attendance, by thenilllves, their count'd, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do if!Lie his warrant, or warrants, for fuel; persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought iv c.llary, by the llveral panics, on tiic hearing of the matter of the said Pentium

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all Monies advanced for Public Services from Monies ad-Civil Li ft Revenues, pursuant to Adtircffes (not being ^Jtec^Gpur' part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and Addresses, which have not been replaced by Parliament. ordered.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the Iloufe, accord- Malt Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His presented, Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the few ice of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the Iloufe, accord- Petition?, &c. ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Dut/ Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates preene * in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tzveed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the f'ervice of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

that, by the means aforel'ud, a great body of the Electors Mr. Nicholas V.wfiltart presented to the House, accord- Exchequer of the said City, and much the major part of them, have ing to Order, a Bill for raising the lum of Five Millions, been prevented from exercising their tranchiie m voting f'-r Members to be returned to serve for the said City in this Parliament; and that the great body of the Electors who have been lo prevented and disabled from voting, arc Eieccor;> who were desirous to return the Petitioner as one of theiriiepresentatives for the said City; and in case the taking the poll had been so conductedas to give to all such of the Electors as were desirous of voting for the return of Members for the said City, such opportunity and means of doing lo, as they in Law were entitled to, the Petitioner would have had a decided majority over several of the Candidates; and that, during the time when the said poll was open, levered Electors attended, and desired to poll

r the

o

etitioner, but were told by one Edward Kemble,

lot

who attended the Huttings as a friend to one of the other Candidates, and by Mr. —

Secondary or Under Slicriff, that the Election was all over, and that the other Candidates had a decided majority; and the Petitioner, by the aforesaid circumstance, being absent, and by that means prevented from contradicting the said aftertion, the said Electors were thereby deceived and mi fled, and did not give their votes, but inch information was false, inasmuch as not one-third part of the Liverymen entitled to vote had in fact voted, and a con-fuicrable time remained during which the Election ought,

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the I louse, accord- Bill to amend ing to Order, a Bid to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of llis prcl'ent Majesty, intituled, " An Bills,

" Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all i>rei«it«fc " Navy, Victualling, and Tranl'port Bills, that shall be " illuecl in future:" And the lame was received; and read the fii ft time.

CoHinvridge, who acted as Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur- Papers suant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, preu-nted.

A Lift of Accountants in respect of whom the execu- Public tion of any process hath been controuled, luipended, or Accountants, prevented, by authority of His Majesty, within the year preceding the commencement of the present Session of Parliament,

I 43 Geo

-S° Decembris.

71

Voei^ad-nxed (or Pill)iK SCTJCI1

%}r*£x, *iV 9) fl'N-io.)

Kicnnify Jill, COC-

Mr. NicholasVanftttart also prefcnfed to the House, by

His Majesty’s command.

An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the fuel Lift and Account do Jie upon the Table.

The laid * Lift and -j- Account are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill to indemnify Inch persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for cilices and employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or miJlaicl, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the lame, was read a fc.cond time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed.

Reflved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Che

F.nnifl

Writ.

And then the IToufe adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mr. Speaker having, in pursuance of an Ai5b, passed in the 24th year of His present Majesty, made his Appointment of Members of the Jloule of Commons, for the iliiiing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the cases therein mentioned, the fame is here entered, in pursuance of the directions of the said Act} and is as follows:

In pursuance of the directions of an Aift, passed in the 24th year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to re-" peal so much of two Acts, madcin the tenth and fifteenth

<C

years of the reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes " the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his War-* rants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs " lor the election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the mentioned, and for lubllituting other

" manner therein

" provisions for the like purposes

I do hereby nominate and appoint The Right honourable Sir ll'i'iuwi Gran!, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls, the Right

honourable Sir William Scott, Knight, the Right honourable Lord Glenber-vie, the Right honourable Charles

the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, William Phnner, Et-tjuire, and William Wilberforce, Esquire, being Members of the House of Commons, or any one of them, to ift'uc War-ants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the cases in the said Act Ipeciiied. Given under my hand and seal, the seventh thy of December one thousand eight hundred and two.

To the Clerk of the 7 House of Commons, y

Charles Abbot,

Speaker, (l.s.)

Mcrcuru,8° die Deccmhns;

Anno 450 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802.

'■h fwem.

•hiry

in order to his

TraYEI. s.

JSdAC liejeh took the Oaths appointed.

Naturalization.

The Right honourable Charles Abbot, Speaker of this p0U:e> being choin a Burgess to lerve in this present ^foment for the Borough of Woodstock, in the County pi Oxjord^ and also a Burgess for the Borough of Heytesbury, JP the County of JViits, made his election to serve for the hiu Borough of IVwJj'ock.

p O/'^Tpi, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the . ‘eib of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the cleft -

1H? of n 1).

.ty

Election Petition o: Mr Piling

the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of If'ills, in the room of the said Right honourable Charles Abbot.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iHue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a nciv writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Chester, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Grosvenor, commonly called Lord Viscount Bel-

grave, now Earl Grosvenor, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the Iloule, That he had received a letter from the Right honourable John who is now detained in Ireland on his private aftairs, informing him, that he being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Waterford, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Ennijklllen, in the County of Fermanagh, made his election to serve for the Hid County of Waterford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftlie his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Fnnijki!lea, in the county of,

in the room of the said Right honourable John Beresford.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a letter from Thomas Bourchier, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, dated " Crown and Hanaper Office, Dublin, 4th December 1S02," inclosing a Petition of William Conyngham Blanket, Esquire, ll.d. complaining of an undue election and return for the College and Uni-verlity of the Holy and Undivided Trinity near Dublin; which Petition had been on that day lodged in his oflice:

And the said Petition was laid upon the Table.

A Petition of William Conyngham Blanket, Esquire, ll.d. Dublin was read; setting forth, That at the late Election of a Umvini Burgess to represent the College and University of the Holy and Undivided Trinity near Dublin, which took place on the 14th day of July, 1802, two Candidates offered themselves for the representation of the said College and University in Parliament, namely, the Honourable George Knox, and the Petitioner; and that the late King James, by his Charter, dated the 12th day of May, in the nth year of his reign, granted to the said College and University that they might chcoic two of the said College and University to be Burgesses of Parliament for the said University', and which Charter refers to the usage of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge-,that such Charter ,was accepted, and has been acted upon, by the persons to whom it was directed; and that the Petitioner was duly and statutably matriculated into the said College, and entered on the books thereof, and afterwards duly and fia-tutably elected a Member of the said College and University, and duly and statutably took the successive degrees cf Batchelor of Arts, Batchelor of Laws, and Doctor of Laws, having duly performed all statutable exercises required from persons taking the said respective derrees, and that he is now, and was at the time of the faiifelec-tion, in right and ladt a Member of the said College and University, duly qualified to represent the said University in Parliament; and that the said Honourable George Knox is not, nor ever was, a Member of the said College and University, nor ever was matriculated therein, nor ever performed any of the exercises required for obtaining any regular degree therein, nor did he ever take any regular or other degree therein (except as herein after is mentioned) nor in any University in Great Britain; and that by custom every Member of the lrish Parliament was entitled to claim an honorary degree from the said College and University as a compliment, without any matriculation, or the performing of any exercise or admission into the said College and University', and that no privilege is thereby conlci-rcd on the person taking such degree as a Member of such College and University; and that the said Honourable George Knox, being a Member of the IrijI: Parliament, did, in the 1795, claim and receive from the said College ' versity the honorary degree of Dock or of Laws, without any matriculation, or the performing of any exercise, and without having been a Member of that University or any other in Great Britain, and that if his name now appears on the books of the said College, it was put on fraudulently and irregularly, merely to servemelectioji /j^p9ies.

year and Uni-

without the fiiNr

,n; —

: and Road

•d.

Smithy

JU),

72

8" Deccmbris*

A. 1802.

required in that behalf, and without and against the con-fentof the proper Officers of the said College and University, and without matriculation; and that by the ufiges of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and to which the said Letters Patent do in regard to the said election of Burgesses cxprclsly refer, no person has been held eligible, nor been eJc&ed to rcpresent either of the said Universities in Parliament, who had not been a Member of the lame; nor has any person who had merely obtained an honorary degree been considered a Member of either of the said Universities, such degree never having been conliclered as conferring any academic or collegiate right whatsoever; that the University of Dublin has, in conformity with the letter and Spirit of the 1 aid Letters Patent, as also with the said ufiges and customs of Oxford and Cambridge, to which they expressly refer, uniformly, until the election of the Honour-

" from Spann Smith, in the County of Ckefcr, to Ta/k,

" in the County of Stafford "

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Buckley. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing Writ, of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, In the room of Samuel Haynes, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty VManor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

George

Knox, eleiftccJ two of its Members to serve in Parliament, and never has considered an honorary degree as constituting any right to the denomination of a Member of the said College and University; wherefore the Petitioner submits, that the said Honourable George Knox was not, and is not, a Member of the said College and University qualified to represent them in Parliament; and the Petitioner further shews, that at the time of the said election, and at the poll, he infilled distinctly on such the incapacity of the said Honourable George Knox, and gave notice thereof to every Voter, as he came to the poll, and that his vote would be thrown away if given for the said Honourable George Knox; that, nevertheless, 39 Persons were admitted to poll for the said Honourable George Knox, and 29 for the Petitioner; and the Returning Officer declared the said Honourable George Knox duly defied, and hath returned him accordingly, to the great wrong of the Petitioner, and in prejudice and violation of the rights of the said College and University: And therefore praying. That the premises may be taken into consideration, and that such relief may be granted to the Petitioner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the Laic] Petition be taken into considera-

A Bill for naturalizing IsaacHcf//, was read a second time. Rfoived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burden, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are t o meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hofch% Nat Rill, committed.

Petition of Trustees, c*c. against War-cciier and

A Petition of several of the Trustees, nominated and appointed under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Droitwicii the City of Worcester, through Dr to 1<oatls^l11-

Bridge, within t he Pari 111 of Bromsgrove in the County of Worce/ier, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whose names are subscribed, being Inhabitants residing upon, or in the vicinity of the first* mentioned Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Bill is now depending in the House for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; which Bill, if passed into a Law in its present form, will be highly injurious to the Community at large, and to several of the Petitioners in particular: And the Petitioners understanding that the Bill Hands committed for Friday next, p>ray that the House will afford them such further time as may enable them to make good the allegations above set forth, and to obtain such relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for conti-

tion upon Thursday, the 23d day of this instant December, nuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon Memorandum:

Inpurluance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials ot controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders lor their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Commit tee_had examined the allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the

an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of through

Droitzvich, to Spadefbourne Bridge, within the Parish of

Bromsgrove, in the County of IVore eft er, and other Roads therein mentioned, is committed.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, counter's a Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts, made Bridge ami in the 7th, 31ft, and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that part of picketed.’ Counter's Bridge which lies in the Pari fin of in

the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflozv, to the Powder Mills in the Read to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrook and several other Roads in tire Paid County, so far as relates to the Old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there- wh’tecli^p.1 unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trui- Ko-uiP-tiiiai tees for executing the Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Whitecliapel Church, in the County of to

Shenfield, and other places; and the Trustees have proceeded to put the lame in execution, and have, for that purpose, borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which money H ill remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act is continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof amended and enlarged.

Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chef er, to and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave

" Ta/k, in the County of Stafford," was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road

may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes-aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it lhn.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdctt, See.:

43 Geo. III.

8° Decembr

73

fttfioniof

titers of

;4 J&TCWf* biy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and 14th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Baking " Trade, in the City of Dublin " which was amended and continued by several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 17th and 18th, 19th arid* 20th, 21ft and

\u

W 3*

;.d

j

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Maltsters of the Town of Barnstaple, and its vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto fubforibed, being Maltsters, re/iding in and near the 22d, 33d and 35th years of the reign of His present Ma-Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop ■, jesty, until the 24th day of June one thousand eight hun-

Were severally presented to the House, and read } dred, is expired, and fit.to be revived and continued* Complaining of certain hardships which the Peti - The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, tioners alledge they labour under in the making of were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed -Mait, in consequence of an Act, passed in the 42d to by the House.

year of the reign of His present Majesty: And That a bill be brought in upon the first of the

praying the House, to take the premises into con- laid Resolutions: And that Mr.

sideration, and to grant such reiief as shall seem Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

fcryWrit Edward Golding, Esquire, being chofon a Burgess to

reagh, Mr. Stewart of Tyrone, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of _ the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Corry,

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Mr. Chancellor of- the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Earle, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the reagh, Mr. Stewart of Tyrone, the Lord Glenbervie, and Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, made his Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, election to serve for the said Borough of Plympton Earle.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his warrant to the Resolved, That this House will not, before the Adjourn- Re/clutionr Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ, for the elect- ment of the Houfo for the Recess at Christmas next, take {j^Peutfor ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the into consideration any of the Petitions presented to this,

Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room House, complaining of undue elections or returns of of the raid Edward Golding, Esquire. Members to serve in Parliament. ’

H'lil

n

;:nJ

-j

b.’.

'■atMarlow Ordered, l'hat Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Gown, to make out a new writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Thomas Williams, Esquire, deceased.

1

anmgtoo Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of P in County, in the room of Henry Parnell, Esquire, who, since his Election lor the said borough, hath accepted the office of Escheator of Munjler,

Hmwtod Mr- Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ' Committee of the whole F^ouie, to whom the Bill for the mo e speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read thioughout; and then a second time, one by one} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-monow.

*>1 Ex.

H Uwi

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them-are fit to be revived, continued, or-made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry. and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Kad the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followelh } viz.

Rfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the " fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred " and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, " may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from " Ireland to Great Britain," is near expiring, and . fit to be continued.

Vol. ^8.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- *et^!on re;. unto subscribed, Electors of the Town and County of the tmghamEk Town of Nottingham, was presented to the Houfo, and read; tion. setting forth. That the Petitioners names are already before the Houfo, affixed to a Petition presented to the Houfo in the present Session of Parliament against the return made at the lall Election of two Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham} and that the Petitioners find, with extreme surprife and regret, that their names have been affixed to a Petition containing allegations which, at the time of* their names being subscribed, they did not understand formed any part of the said Petition; and that the Petitioners, when solicited to subscribe their names, were informed that they were called upon only to declare that it was their intention to have voted for Mr. Coke-, and the Petitioners, by their signature, did intend only to signify to the House, that they should have so voted; and that the accusations contained in the said Petition against John Davison, Esquire, the late Mayor, and John Allen, the late Sheriff, and Thomas Oldknow, and Joseph Oldknow, two of the Aldermen of the said Town of Nottingham, charging them, and especialiy the said John JJavifon and John Allot, with having, by their supineness, connivance, and neglect of duty, permitted the freedom of election to be violated in the mod: scandalous and dangerous manner, and the peace of the To.vn of Nottingham to be utterly subverted and destroyed for several days during the continuance of the poll, are accusations which the Petitioners disclaim, and to which therefore they never intended to give sanction by the subscription of their names: And therefore praying the House t6 receive -the above declaration; and that the accusations contained in the former Petition, signed by the Petitioners against the above-named'Magistrates and Sheriff, may be conli-dered by the House have been attached to the former signatures of the Petitioners without their knowledge or consent, and to be now totally disclaimed by the Petitioners} or that such other relief may be given in the pre-* miles as to the Houfo shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the focond Malt Bin, reading of the Bill, for continuing and granting to His committed Majesty-certain Duties upon Mait, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

; _ And. the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a focond time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

U Resolved,

74

8° Decembris.

A. 1802.

fions*&c.

ty Bill,

imitted*

:hequer u Bill,

imitted.

■jml and

ff Oif.ccis,

f iops m it India,

* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole Hottfe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for continuing and granting to His

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistente to be paid to Innkeepers and others on cti* Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men ' of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of His Majesty’s Forces while on

Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, a march in that part of the said United Kingdom called

in England, Wales, and the Town of Tweed;

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions,

Ireland, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both incJufive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay Half Pay. and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay Ditto, and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay Ditto, to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the

or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

mtmttfce of >ply.

imntes re-’ed.

ards and nil bus.

ces in the mat ions.

Tuiting for

Continues for d Forces,

owances

irtain

:ers.

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids Service of the States General, from 25th December 1802 to

-- c----- -- •----- <----- — n--" 4~' *— 24th December 1S03, both inclusive, being 365 days, be

referred to the said Committee,

Orde, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to Widows Pen be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces in hont-the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1802 -to the 24th December The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fa id Committee.

further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Bar- Barrack De-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, rack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain Paitmuu1, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the and ^Irefrom the 25th December 1802 to the 24th ' United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, to the said Committee.

both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Foreign Committee. Corps in His Majesty’s Service, from the 25th December

Ordered, That, the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being ■-

Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those fervingat 363 days, be referred to the said Committee. ’ ... Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, at Ceylon, and in New Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Hospital Con-

South Wales, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th Bedding, and Hol'pital Contingencies, for His Majesty’s -

December 1803,both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to the said Committee. and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in v;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from' the 25th De-Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United cember 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive*

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th De- be referred to the said Committee.

cember 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office o.-dnanre. v.:' being 363 days, be referred to the said Committee. of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called ’•

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Regi- Great Britainfor the year 1803; a!so of the said Charge in;

ments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Ireland, for the said year—Land Service, be referred to the Service in East India, from the 25th December 1802 to the said Committee. .7-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. y

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. >:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. f.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

M x. Alexalfo acquainted the House, That he was: 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both in- directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

elusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee, leave to fit again.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allow- Resolved, That this House will, upon Frida)7 next, ance to the principal Officers of the several Departments resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to therein mentioned in the United Kingdom of Great Britain consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. ff

and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Ex-

peaces', and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees, to be paid The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Way* and v by the Paymaster General, from 25th December 1802 to fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^red

24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

referred to the said Committee. granted to His Majesty j

*3 Resolved, . •'»

J

24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting , and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces, from the

'H

t'ucet:

43 Geo. III.

8°—9° Decembris.

75

Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve ltfeli into the said Committee.

*iP:>

cr.a*

to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to A ttornies and Solicitors, to make and file the lame. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

r:0

x.rt*

the Parish of OlnSy, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills jjtDvwul The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-ASrefpea- of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of the mittee bad examined the allegations of the Bill, and jl. reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to pro- found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned " vide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Vic- had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of "mailing, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through " future" the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour they had directed him to report to the House; and he read after Three of the clock on Thursday Morning; the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time this day. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

' Amendments were once read throughout; and then a The other Order oP the day being read; second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

:rr.«eon the Hople resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

House, upon the Bill to indemnify such persons as have Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be in-omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; grofied. and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who

have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- petition of within the time directed by Law, and for extending the unto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and time limited-for those purposes; to indemnify Members Manufactories within the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and ture.s It and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting whole admillions have been omitted to be llamped accord- forth, That divers Acts have been passed in the reigns of Wi *' ing to Law, or, having been llamped, have been loft or King Richard the Second, King the Fourth* King

mi/laid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions Richard the Third, King Henry the Seventh, King Henry duly damped; and to permit such persons as have omitted the Eighth, King Edward the Sixth, King Philip and

Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth, King James the First,

Queen Anne, and King George the First, whereby certain laws, rules, ordinances, orders, directions, restrictions, prohibitions, fines, penalties, forfeitures, and regulations are enacted, prescribed, made, required, imposed, and in-Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they ilicted, respecting the mixing, dying, warping, weaving, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments perching, burling, working, fulling, rowing, Ihearing, ten-thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tering, dressing, prelfing, and otherwise manufacturing of the House will please to receive the same. WooiJen Cloths, and reipeCling the lale of such Cloth, and

Ordered, That the Report be received this day. the length, breadth, weight, measuring, stamping and leal-

ing thereof, and the appointment of Searchers, Sealers, and j

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Overseers, to superintend the sealing, stamping, and mea-Eleven of the clock. Turing thereof, and respecting the serving Apprenticeships

in some branches of the Woollen Manufacture, as in the said

v .. .. =—- Acts is particularly mentioned; many of which, from the

present altered and improved Hate of the Woollen Manufacture, are now rendered impracticable, detrimental, or useless; and the others are attended with delay and inconvenience to the Manufacturers; and that upon the construction of the said Statutes, or some of them, the Petitioners and others concerned in the various branches of the Woollen Manufactory of this kingdom, have been, and are

taining the Road leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the at this time, harassed and threatened with divers vexatious North Hiding of the County of York, was read the third prosecutions for penalties alledged to be incurred under the time. said Statutes, or some of them; but for many years past,

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, and until lately, no such prosecutions have taken place.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the and such Statutes have usually been considered as obsolete

Hoad leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the County of York. and that the penalties lb alledged to have been incurred

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the amount to very large sums of money, and should the In-Lords, and desire their concurrence. formers gain verdicts for the fame, many of the Petitioners

must be great sufferers thereby, although in the matters for Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to' the which the actions have been, or are threatened to be Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elec- brought, the parties have been wholly free from any evil -

.ting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for intention, and the facts for which they are prosecuted, and the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, threatened to be prosecuted, have not been pfoductive of in the room of Major General Harry Burrard, who, since any injury whatever to the Public, or to any Individual his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office whatever, and have been such as are now usually practised of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern in the conduct of the said Manufactory; and that for the Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the above and divers other reasons, it is become necessary, not County of Buckingham. merely for the benefit and advantage of the Woollen Manufactory of this kingdom, but even for its existence, that Ur. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the the (ajd Statutes should be altered, amended, or wholly d'II for naturalizing Isaac Hofch, was committed; That the repealed: And therefore praying the House to take the Committee had examined the allegations of the Bill, and premises into consideration, and that leave may be given t6

Jovis, 9° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

n

AVER S.

fa and

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirlk to 1

;utd.

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. '

The Earl Temple reported from the Committee, to whom Hill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, two certain pieces or parcels of Land -or Ground, called or known by the names of The Pajiure, and Hoggett’s Furze, situate in m. 58.

bring in a Bill for relieving them and others against whom actions have been brought, or shall be brought as aforesaid, and for altering, amending, or wholly repealing the said Statutes; or that the Petitioners may have such other re*, lief in the premilcs as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there* Montgomery under written, being Debtors confined in the common and Denbigh gaol of the County of Montgomery: And also,

A Petition

debtors Petitions.

76

9* Decembr

A. 1802.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the common gaol of the County of Denbigh at Ruthin j

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

)rder for on tidering Jr. Agnew's Petition dif-:harged.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committ Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing £*|.hcq|‘' the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That John Agneiv, the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or Esquire, who petitioned this House upon the 24th day of shall be granted by Parliament for the service of Great

November last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, had not entered into a recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of the trials of " controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve " in Parliament."

Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three. -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 24th day of the House will please to receive the lame.

Committee on M^lt Bill.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies advanced for Public Services from Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Addresses (not being the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty cer- part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and ' " * ~ ~ ~ ...... t be

November last, for taking the said Petition into considera-tionupon Thursday, the 23d day of this instant December, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

Instru&jons. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-j mittee, That they have power to receive a Clause'of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to receive a Clause, to direct

Parliament, migh

which have not been replaced by read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Order for Account of Monies advanced purlunnt to Addrtdfes,

discharged.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His for

Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give direc- ^(cl’un[Jv[ tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account puXLtta that the deficiency which shall be on the 25th day of of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His AdtirUies. March 1803 of the incomes of the Duties on Malt, Majesty’s Orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, and granted for the year 1801, to satisfy principal and interest which have not been made good by Parliament, charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

the year 1803. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. - -

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Ordered, That the Order of the day for the second reading Bill to sme

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to

Irish Militia Bill, passed.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrossed Bill, for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein, was, according to Order, read the third time.

provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, " Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued " in future," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve

ing NavyBi committed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the title be, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of Bill.

Committee on pensions, 3cc.

I>uty Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ‘

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- H'11*1*?®' demnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify

-the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tiveed •, and certain ‘thole purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the service Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose admis-of the year one thousand eight hundred and three; fions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law,

InWHww. Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Com- or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for

mittee, That they have power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to receive a Clause, to make good the deficiency of the Duty granted on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the

allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to nuke and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks toAttornies and Solicitors, to make and file the lame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had

Town of Berwick upon-Tzveed-, and certain Duties on Sugar, made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re-

Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the service of the year 1801, port to the House; and he read the Report in his place; out of the Supplies granted for the year 1803. and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reflimed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Srossed’ , j

Ordered,

>Oltf

>u

43 Geo. ttL

9° Decembrist

77

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Grain,

Bail,

ticntfd.

for Great Coats, from the 25th day of December 1802 to -the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being , . 365 days.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Ref That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Recruit!

a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 4z.d year of the a sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Six hun- j°tj

■kr k

■:tt

‘d"p!! fc' % ,vJ

Sp-ing reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- dred thirty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight u».) " gulating, until the fifteenth day of February one Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge " thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which of Five Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of

0 for con-

I-Militia

" Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain." And the tame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

■ The House was moved, That several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 33d, 35th, 36th, 37th, 38th,

Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Recruitin a sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-three thou-find Three hundred forty-bne Pounds and Seven Shil- Land For. lings, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for the &c-

for His Ma-

Charge

of Recruiting and Contingencies

A4iinicred. 39th, and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, jesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great

relative to the Militia of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and reducing into one Act, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland: And that Mr. , Lord Viscount

Blin, kc. kkin? Bill, srerted. (fjpirtd bwj.J

Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, bdth inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved-, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Four him- &g. Castlereagh, Sir Eyre Coole, Mr. Trench, Mr. Wellesley Pole, dred sixty-eight Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Attorney General of Ire- His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and

land, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of’ Great Britain and Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th a Bill for reviving and continuing certain Acts, made in day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, the Parliament of Ireland in the 13 th and 14th, 17th and Resolved, That it.is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowance 18th, 19th and 20th, 21ft and 22d, 33d and 35th years a sum, riot exceeding One hundred twenty-seven thou-of the reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the find Five hundred and Twelve Pounds Nineteen Shil- ‘ ctrs‘

Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin: And lings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

: ■riitf* Si

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

-’-"•Mi.

defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of several Public Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies,

Clerks, and contingent Expences, and of the amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Subsistence a sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Six huh- InnketPfrs> dred forty-five Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, &c‘ be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That and others, on Quartering Soldiers, the Charge of an a number of Land Forces, not exc eeding Sixty-six thou- Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers '

sand five hundred and seventy-four effective Men, Com- and private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small missioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be Beer, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the employed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and said Non-commissioned Officers and private Men while Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th on a march, in that part of the United Kingdom called day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days. Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 daj's. ' ' '

a sum, not exceeding Two millions Three hundred and R it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Reduced-twenty-two thousand Seven hundred Pounds and Three a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and fifty-eight officers*

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the thousand One hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shil-Charge of Sixty-six thousand five hundred and seventy- lings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon four effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His. account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Larid ’

. Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Forces and Marines, for the year 1803.

Britain and Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay and That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Half Par.

Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commis* a sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Pounds, be fioned Officers, and private Men, the Charge of Cloathing granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of of Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, fheCharge Half-Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His of Agency, and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be Majesty’s British American Forces, for the year 1803. made to Captains and Riding Mailers, the Extra Allow- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That officers late ance for Farriery, and the Allowance for Great Coats, from a sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted in the s<rvic ji'e 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of to His Majesty, on account of several Officers late in the General!

, 3t}. December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days. service of the States General, for the year 1803.

‘*uf Bfnlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Widows a sum, not exceeding One million One hundred twenty- a sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred Re"fi°ns*

J1,ne thousand Nine hundred seventy-six Pounds Nine- and eighty-three Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted *eeij Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be;

Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plan- paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and ex-tations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the pences attending the lame, in the United Kingdom '

Mediterranean, at Ceylon, £1 id in New South Wales, in- Great Britain and from the 25th day of December

nuding the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive* summifijoned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, *and• being 365 days.

|’r‘va!tAlen, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Volunteer

Dicers and private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the a sum, not exceeding Ninety-nine thousand One hundred Coci>u targe of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains, and and sixty-nine PoujxIs Four Shillings and Eight Peace,

Vol. S8. X bt

rack

»artmentik

Tign

rps*

ifpltal Con-gentries in land*

dnance.

Ditto.

itiny Bill* lertd.

gar Bounty

6V,

be con-ered*

78 9*-— 10* Decem- A. 1802.

be granted to Slis Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cor made his election to ftrve for the said Borough Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain of Reading.

and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the

24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the days. electing of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the Borough of in the County Cornwall, in

a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and thirteen thousand the room of the said Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire.

Four hundred and forty Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from Doncaster

of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Al- Paving, &c. Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December dermen, and Capital Burge ties, of the Borough of Don- r^>it©cL 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, caster, in the West Riding of the County of York, in being 365 days Common Council assembled, was referred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. accordingly reported from the said Com-

a sum, not exceeding One hundred and fifty-nine thou- mittee. That the Committee had examined, and found land Six hundred and seventy-two Pounds One Shilling that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defray- Bills, had not been complied with, the application for the ing the Charge of Foreign Corps in His Majesty’s service, purposes mentioned in the Petition not having been de- > from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of termined upon until the time limited for giving the no-December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days. . tices required by the said Standing Orders was elapsed;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That but it appeared to the Committee that the expence at-a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Four hundred tending the execution of the several improvements men-and sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, be tioned in the Petition is to be wholly defrayed out of the granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Medi- Funds of the Corporation of the said Borough of Doncaster; cines. Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Ma- and that the Committee had examined the matter of the jesty’s Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to Ireland, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in the House; and he read the Report in his place; and Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the 25th afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz. both inclusive, being 365 days. To prove the allegations of the said Petition, an ACT

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That passed in the fourth year of His present Majesty, for the a sum, not exceeding Six hundred thirty-leven thousand more easy and speedy recovery of Small Debts within the Nine hundred and forty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York, and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passageg Charge of the Office of Orcinance for Land Service, for that and Places, within the said Borough, was read :—And, part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Henry Heaton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the 'called Great Britain, for the year 1803. powers and provisions of the said A Cl, so far as the lame

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thiSjCommittee, That relate to lighting the said Borough, have been carried into a sum, not. exceeding One hundred and fifty thousand execution, and lamps, lamp-posts, and other furniture.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the charge of the have been created and provided for that purpose: That Office of Ordnance in that part of the United Kingdom of the Petitioners have, at a considerable expence, caused the Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, for the year 1803. footpaths from the fides of the houses to the edge of the

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, carriage roads, in the several public streets in the said were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Borough, to be well and properly laid and paved with to by the House. flag stones, and have done other acts for the improvement

of the Town, out of the funds of the Corporation, and have Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for pu- supported the lame at their own costs and charges: That nishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment it would tend greatly to the convenience, benefit, and of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary safety to the Public, as well as of the Inhabitants of the

at War, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, said Borough, and to all persons resorting thereto, if the

and bring in, the fame. streets, lanes, and public pafl'ages were more effectually

lighted, watched, and regulated, and all nuisances, annoy-The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42d ances, and encroachments and obstructions therein re-year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An moved, and prevented in future, and all stalls and Handings <:

" Act for allowing, until the twentieth day of May one for the sale of goods, on market and fair days, held within

" thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties the said Borough, better regulated and governed; and

" on Refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty also, if the water-pipes, and the footway in the said Bo- t

" thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament," rough called Hobcross Hill, the Stone Cross, lamps, posts, -

might be read. and rails, built and fixed thereon, were properly secured

And the same being read accordingly j from damage or injury being done thereto; and that it:

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour would also tend to the convenience and benefit of the

Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to the Public, if a sufficient number of Sedan Chairs and Chairmen were k

licensed, and put under proper regulations. ,1

And the Witness further said. That it is expedient that

o —

after Twelve of the clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

laid ACT

Eleven of the clock.

And then die House adjourned till this Morning,

further and other provisions made for that purpose; and that the fame, and the powers requisite for the execution = of the several purposes abova=mentioned, should be contained in one ACT

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Veneris, 10° die Decembris;

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s

- y 4 Debtorsint.:

Fleet, Lud-:

' dmyn ’fit.

Anno 430 Georgii III,‘ Regis, .1802.

Prison of the Fleet: And also, ....

Praye rs. A Petition of the Livery and Freemen, Citizens of

r*HARLES Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, being chosen a London, confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of g^t tpl.':;3c Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Ludgate: And also, .... Cou*Pter*'

Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, and also a A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s 0

Burgess for the Borough of Bodmyn fin the County of Prison of the Poultry Compter: And also,

11* A Petition

0

43 Geo. III. 10° Decemb. 79

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gillfprr Street Compter, in the City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

' complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

ifetfliiof A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto V-Ornerj subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of British Ships, residing or being at present within the limits t; %-aut of t|ie Port of London: And also,

Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of British Ships, residing or being at present within the limits of the Port of Scarborough: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Part Owners of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Bridlington, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of British Ships, residing or being at present within the limits of the Port of Plymouth: And also,

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of British Ships, residing or being at present within the limits of the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act having passed in the 4ad year of the reign of His present Majesty, wherein certain Duties are charged on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or inwards (except in ballalt) in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts, and also certain Duties on Oil and Skins, the produce of the British Fisheries, the Petitioners humbly beg leave to Hate to the House, that the said Duties are extremely oppreffive on them and all other persons who are engaged in British Shipping; and they represent, with the deepest regret, that British Shipping, from many causes independent of the before-mentioned Duties, Hill labour under great depression, lb that the most injurious consequences to the Kingdom may be feared, if the additional burthen of these Duties is continued to be imposed upon the Tonnage of its Shipping; and the Petitioners submit, that the principle on which the said Act is founded militates against the spirit of the various Statutes which for a course of centuries have, from time to time, been enacted by the Legislature of this Country for the increase and encouragement of its Shipping and Navigation, and which have uniformly produced the most beneficial effects: That these effects have lately been conspicuous to the whole world, in the strengthof our Navy, the number of our mercantile Shipping, and in the spirit and enterprize of the persons intefefted in them; and the Petitioners further submit to the House, that the strength of th c British Navy, the true source of the securityand

glory of the Country, mull ever depend upon the number, dexterity, courage, and loyalty of her Seamen, who can only be prelcrved for the services of War by their finding constant employment in the Merchants service and Fisheries during the time of Peace; and the Petitioners most feri-ously apprehend that the inevitable consequences of the operation of the before-mentioned Duties, will not only be the still further depression of what remains of the British Shipping employed in the commerce of the Country, but will likewise greatly tend to weaken the means of its Maritime defence, and accelerate the departure of multitudes of British Seamen from their native land, driven to gain subsistence, and perhaps imbibe foreign affections and habits, in foreign and rival States; and that the Petitioners trust these considerations will appear of still greater importance to the House, when it is recollected that all the other Maritime

Yot

rowers of Europe are at this time most sedulously employed in adopting measures for the increase of

*1

is*

'tit

their. Shipping, the encouragement of their Fisheries, and the augmentation of their Navies, and that at a time when, from the general state of Europe, the Shipping of Great Britain have fallen in their value from thirty pounds to forty pounds per centum, and when numbers of British Vessels continue to lie unemployed, and many of them engaged in voyages which must turn out unproductive, and when numbers of British Seamen have emigrated to France, under the assurances which were made to them of being employed in the Fisheries and Merchants service of that Country; and that the Petitioners therefore hope the Hopfe will counteract the injurious effects which will be produced by the further continuance of a Tax that will prove at once dangerous tb the Shipping and Naval interests of Great Britain, and oppressive and ruinous to those individuals who have embarked their property in British bottoms: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Act as imposes the several Duties therein mentioned on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or inwards (except in ballast) in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts, and also the Duties on the Importation of Oil and Skins, the produce of the British Fisheries, may be repealed; or that the House will grant to the Petitioners such. other relief in the premises as shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto Petition of subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting sh"ffifid,5 n-forth, That the Petitioners are Druggists in the Town of spetting’the Sheffield, in the County of York; and that an Act was Medicine Act passed, in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said Duties; and the Petitioners are appre-henlive that it will not be possible for them to exercise their Trade without subjecting themselves to the penalties

of the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take

the matter into its consideratiort, and, by a repeal or riro-

dification of the said Act, to take off the Duties imposed upon certain articles not being proprietary or Patent Medicines.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh reported to the House, That' Answer to their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Addrelt* graciously pleased to give directions, that the Account, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Maltsters of the Petitions of Town of Bridgwater, and its vicinity, was presented to the Maltsters of House, and read; complaining of certain hardships which n gVkater* the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to feci- Trans orta litate, and render more easy, the Transportation of Of- tion Bi°l, 0 fenders: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor dered* General, Mr. Markham, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Wo0tton B Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing fetVrft. of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of W.oottm Basset, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable Henry St. John, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of

s"""d

80

10* Decemb

A. 1802.

ta-► prc*

Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the County of Buckingham. -

v ^rv Attorney General presented to the House* according td Order, a Bill to facilitate, and render more easy, the 1 ransportation of Offenders: And the fame was received; and read the tirfL time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

time upon

es, &c. A.

*awi\

Jew

Wales.

S«.

rants.

Mr. Nicholas Vdnjittart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South finales, and which may become due in the course of the year 1S03: And also,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second ti Monday next.

Mr. Alexander* according to Order, reported from the Malt BUT,

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rtPomJ-continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- '

An Account of the sum which may be wanted to defray gr(^e<^- ..

e exnence attend, the confining m.ntnlnin. ,,/i , That the said Bill be read the third time upon

ppendix,

»o. tI.)

the expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the year 1803: And also.

An ElVimate of the sum which may be wanted for the relief of the i'uffering Clergy and Laity of France., and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the year 1803.

And the titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table.

The laid Estimates and Account are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

ie

ve agreed td

igUfli Small ates Bill*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Pennon;,'. Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for Sported!1’ continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions. Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and the Town of Berwick -upon-Eiveedand certain Duties on

Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

t

ti

1

ill

J

a

M

■!4

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ’cd *to b the lloufe/

for further suspending, until the exp.ration of six weeks That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

alter the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, arossed

the operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and fc- 0 Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon venteenth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for \TQndav next restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills

of Exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England-, without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew*

to amond Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer rep0r Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or 111 all be, granted by Parliament, for the service of Great.

V c - ry ’ ~---J 1 ~ ‘ ‘ ILlClli till I.J J A IU Y

BUU,n5 re^v^ itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three,

erred.

*1 •\

,1

A

3

A

the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to pro-" vide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victual-" ling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in future," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, telolve itself into the said Committee.

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Bn, See. V’jCU, Smmstted.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second grofled.

1 -‘1

reading of the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 4*d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

' " An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of Fe-" bruary one thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be ex

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

A Petition of Henry 'Meade Ogle, of Drogheda, in Ireland, Mr. Ogle’s was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That ^P"VoDr*.' ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland on the 26th day of November 1 aft, the Petitioner presented iiCd:iEiecu to Great Britain," be now read. a Petition to the House, complaining of the undue Election

And the said Order being read accordingly; and Return of Edward Hardman, Esquire, to serve as a

The said Bill was read a second time. Burgess in this present Parliament for the City of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. aforesaid; and that an Act was passed in the 42d year ol

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for of the whole House. " regulating the trial of controverted Elections, or returns;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, " of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ire-" ' " ‘ " land" which Act does not itself limit any time for en-

tering into recognizances to prosecute a Petition complaining of an undue election and return of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County or Place within that part of

J ' <.. J

revolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

v. \iW»n, Stc. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ...----- ,

*nfd. wading of the Bill for reviving.and continuing certain the United Kingdom called Ireland-, but the Petitioner; (Expired . Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and is informed that the reference contained in the said recited ' Uws’l 14th, 17th and v8th, 19th and aoth, 21ft and 22d, 33d Act to the other Acts from time to time passed for regu-' and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for lating the trials of controverted Elections in Great Britain

\J regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of only, is considered as making the regulations therein con-

Dublin, be now read. tamed applicable to Ireland-, and that the Petitiorter is

therefore

'ti:

'A

>!1

' < ll:

43 Geo. III. 10° Ltecembris.

81

therefore required to give to the fitting Member for the Town of Drogheda aforesaid, within fourteen days from the day of presenting his Petition, two days notice of his intention to enter into the recognizances to prosecute his said Petition as by Law required; and that the fourteen days from the said 26th day of November, on which day the Petitioner presented his said Petition, expires this day; and that, as the fitting Member for aforesaid is

not, to the Petitioner’s knowledge and belief, in,

nor has he, that the Petitioner knows of, any Agent here, it has not been in the power of the Petitioner to give him the two days notice of his intention to enter into recognizance as aforesaid; and that the Petitioner is prepared with two Sureties to enter into the necessary recognizance, it' the time for so doing shall be enlarged, so as to afford him the means of giving notice to the said Edward Hardman in Ireland:And therefore praying the house to take

the premises into consideration, and that the time for entering into the necessary recognizance to prosecute his said Petition may be enlarged, for such time as to the House shall leem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the time allowed for the said Mr. , and his Sureties, to enter into the said recognizance, be enlarged for twenty-one days;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of the trials of contro-" verted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 4ld year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for regulating the trial of controverted Elec-" tions or Returns of Members to serve in the United " Parliament for Ireland "might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th day of December 1790, of the Proceedings of the House, on the subject of enlarging the time for Sir James , Baronet, to enter

into his recognizance, in respect of his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, and

Sanquhar, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17th day of December 1790, of the Proceedings of the House, on the subject of enlarging the time for John Macbr, Esquire, to enter into his recognizance, in respect of his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 23d day of December 1790, of the Proceedings of the House on the Petition of William Hogan, Esquire, Agent for Sir Godfrey Baronet, and

John farleton, Esquire, who had petitioned this House; jjomplaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

I And the matter of the said Petition of Mr. Ogle being verified to the satisfaction of the House by a Member L i present;

Ordered, That the time allowed for the said Mr. Ogle

l his Sureties to enter into the said recognizance, be

ir en‘arged for twenty-one days.

A Petition of Henry Pocock, of Staples Agent for f 4 Tna'n ^reemi-n and Freeholders of the County of the Kit wn of Drogheda, in that part of the United Kingdom

I ® Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, was also pre-I ??to *ie M°use, and read; setting forth. That on the I * j p of November last, the thereunder-signed Freemen I *hn *rec lders of the County of the Town of Drogheda I *f Cloned, onbehalf ot themselves and otherEleftors

I ® we said Town, presented a Petition to the House, com-I piaining of an undue election and return of a Burgess to I VoL* 38.

serve in this present Parliament for the County of the Town of Drogheda aforesaid; and that an Act was passed, in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the trial of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United " Parliament for Ireland,"which Act does not itself limit

any time for entering in*x> recognizances to prosecute a Petition complaining of an undue election and return of ' a Member to serve in Parliament for any County or Place within that part of the United Kingdom called j

but the Petitioner is informed, that the reference contained in the said recited Act to the other Acts, from time to time passed for regulating the trials of controverted Elections ift Great Britain only, is considered as making, the

regulations therein contained applicable to Ireland-, and that the Petitioner is therefore required to give the fitting Member for the Town of Drogheda aforesaid, within fourteen days from the day of presenting his Petition, two days notice of his intention to enter into the recognizance to prosecute the said Petition as by Law required; and that the fourteen days, from the said 26th day of November, on which day the said Petition was presented, expires this day; and that as the fitting Member lot- Drogheda aforesaid is not, to the Petitioners knowledge and belief, in England, nor has he, that the Petitioner knows of, any Agent here, it has not been in the power of the Petitioner to give him the two days notice of his intention to enter into recognizance as aforesaid; and that the said Petitioners will be prepared with two Sureties to enter into the necessary recognizance, if the time for lo doing shall be enlarged, so as to afford them the means of giving notice to the said fitting Member in Ireland: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into considerution, and that the time for entering into the necessary recognizance to prosecute the said Petition may be enlarged for such time as to the House shall seem meet.

And the matter of the said Petition being verified to the satisfaction of the House by a Member present;

Ordered, That the time allowed for the said Freemen and Freeholders of the County of the Town of Drogheda, men°of Drog-and their Sureties, to enter into the said recognizance, be to enter enlarged for twenty-one days. niza*e!°S'

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- ^rTand* °* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means, lifter further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of all p^an Jnt^ the Permanent Taxes in the years ending the 10th Oc- Taxes, re-tober 1801 and 1802 respectively, distinguishing each fcrrcd-quarter, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next, -

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Indemnity ing of the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes j to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to L.avv, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide Admis-fions duly stamped -, and to permit such personfi as have

Y omitted

82

10*—13° D

omitted to make and file 'affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

A. 1802.

Where the fame was

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of , was

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to read; whereby it appeared that the Commissioners were indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have directed to set out and appoint public roads to be made in omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within and over the new divisions and allotments:—Then, the time directed by Law, and for extending the time Mr. Samuel Davis being examined, said. That the Corn-limited for those purposes until the twenty-fifth day of missioners have, pursuant to the said Act, set out and ap-December one thousand eight hundred and three; to in- pointed divers public roads, and made certain Assessments demnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, for the purpose of forming and repairing the fame, but the and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted monies raised by such Assessments have proved insufficient to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, for the purpose of making and completing the said roads

<k-

lomrmttee on ugar Bounty \.ct, deferred.

—And the Witness being further examined, laid, That from the great difficulty in obtaining materials, and the great expence which will attend the making and completing all the public roads set out by the said Commissioners, it is expedient to reduce the number of such roads as low as the public convenience will permit, and several of the said roads are not necessary to be completed; and that it will be sufficient for all the purposes of communication, if some of the said roads be completed; that the power of the said Commissioners to raile any more money under the said Act is at <fn end, and the said reads cannot be completed, or the certificate required by the said Act obtained, io as to make the said roads Parish Roads.—And the Witness added. That it is expedient that new Commissioners should be appointed, and provision made for railing monies lor the purpose of completing such roads* and for appointing a Surveyor thereof, in order that the fame may The other Order of the day being read, for the House be completed, and certified to the Justices of the Peace, and have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

rvn

i ne

Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, " until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight

Refined

such certificate confirmed, so that the said roads may become Parish Roads, as was meant and intended by the said Act; and that some of the powers and provisions of the Act should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter

referred.

" hundred and three, additional Bounties on " Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon and amend an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of " granted by an Act of this Session of ParliamentHis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42ft " allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the " Act to continue, until the twentieth day of May one " Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford,"and " thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, to give Powers for the making and completing of certain " made in tlielaft Session of Parliament, relating to cer- roads set out by the Commissioners acting under and by " tain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for per- virtue of the said Act: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John " mitting Brit if) Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Act be referred to the consideration of the said Committee.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the^House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 13° die Decembris;

Anno 43* Georgii lIItU Regis, 1802.

'\v Houghton m Regis Irtclo->',■ sure Roads t Veution, rc-

jt ported.

1

vs

P R AYERS.

MR. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Most noble John Duke of Bedford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as respects that part of the road which lies in the county of;

and it appeared to the Committee, that with respect to the other part of the road, and which lies in the County of Essex, notice of the intended application to Parliament had been affixed on the Sessions House door at Chelmsford, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; but that after the order for the application to Parliament was made by the Trustees, there was not time to publish the notice more than once in the month of September, in the newspaper called The Essex Herald, printed at Chelmsford, which comes out weekly, and in which paper it was accordingly pub-liflied on the 28th of September; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act,' passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to

Whrtccbapt Road Petitif reported \

been complied with -, and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and the furthermost part of the Parish and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards de- ford towards and from tire causeway in the Parish

tj . 4

►. ' h v,

'Tj

M LrEO. in.

of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of iVoodford given their confeiit to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the next Chigweil, and through the Parishes of Chigweiland Committee; and that the Committee had gone through Lambount, in the County of Fflex, and for lighting and the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the they had directed to be reported to the House j and he four-mile stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, was read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the

read:—And,

Mr. George Johnson being examined, said, That the TruA

tecs have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Rill remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, un-lcfs the term of the said Act is continued, and feme of the powers and provisions thereof amended, altered, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls by the said Act granted should be increased.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

of \ Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there* ■ujjT’ unto subscribed, the Bailiffs and Affillants (being Lords of .-..car the Manor) Burgesses, the Lelfecs of the Impropriators,

■j",e Freemen, Owners, and Proprietors of Estates, and others ' interested, in the Parish of Godmanchefer, in the County of Huntingdon, Was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecejier, otherwise Godmanchefer, in the County of Huntingdon; and setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the rights and interests of the Petitioners will be very material^ i/ijured; and that an Inclosure of the said Parish will be very prejudicial and injurious to the Proprietors of the said Parish in general, and to others interested therein, and will also be very contrary to the wishes and inclination of all the Petitioners: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said Bill, that the fame may not pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

f-oa- Mr. Anuefey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and jsd. Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of otherwise

Godmanchefer, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 40. 3 s.gd. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates afieffed at £46. 21. 7 d. who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.1. ys.bd, who had been applied to, but returned noanlwer j and that the whole property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.420. os. 1 of d.per annum) and that no personappeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-roents, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do make the Report from ►.-4 l'’ the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow’s, Pastures, Commonable, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Widmerbool, in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

Mr. Baldwin accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Comm'ttoe had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found t*le ktne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had >01. 58.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Wrhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bili* with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens; and Overseers Saint Alban of the Poor, and of the several other Inhabitants of the Pt;ti

Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish Church of Saint Peter, being a very ancient structure, is greatly decayed, and out of repair; and that the Tower thereof, being in danger of falling, hath been taken down, together with the Chancel, which W’as connected therewith; and that the expence of rebuilding the said Tow’er and Chancel upon a reduced scale, and of the several other repairs wanting to be done in and about the said Church, has been estimated at the sum of £. 4,000, exclusive of the old materials, which sum

the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who are chiefly Tenants at rack rent, are unable to raise without the aid of Parliament 1 And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. GrimfoMr. Plv.mer, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, oiney Inclo-two certain pieces or parcels of Land or Ground, called or 1’ure Bill* known by the several names of The Pafure, and Doggett’s Pa(rcd’

Furze, situate in the Parish of Oiney, in the County of Buckingham, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, two certain pieces or parcels of Land or Ground, called or known by the several names of The Pafure, and Doggett's Furze, situate in the Parish of Oiney, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Maltsters and Brewers of the City of Petition of. Exeter, and its environs: And also, Maltsters, &c.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

unto subscribed* Maltsters, residing in or near Reading, in the County of Berks; . -

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the makinp of Malt, in consequence of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premil'es into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Fisherios unto subscribed, the unfortunate Debtors in the County Anger Gaol of Fifierton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was pre-:

fented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress, and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Malt Bill, ing of the ingossed Bill, for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And

8-t

13° Decembris.

1. 1802.

And the said Order heing read accordingly; The said Bill was read the third time.

tHlni'e t Malt s.

ifions, &c. tv bill, fed.

mittee had directed him to report to the Iloufe; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* Table: Where the fame was read * and is as followeth: viz. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the fer- towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there vice of the year one thousand eight hundred and three. be issued and applied the sum of Four Millions, out of the

Monies that shall arise of the surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Joule.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond) Mr. Riley Addington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Nicholas Vanfillart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the ltcsolution of the House of Wednesday last, " That this House will not, before the Adjournment of the House for the Recess at Ci Christmas next, take into consideration any of the Peti-" tions presented to this House, complaining of undue " elections or returns of Members to terve in Parliament,’* might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the several Orders,

Surplus of consoli dated Fund.

year

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

n of A Petition of the thereunder-signed Gentlemen, Farmers, t.iiits t.f Freeholders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton and,

and of other places in the South ot was pre-

lented to the House, and read; Complaining of the present exilting 'faxes on Malt, and particularly of the additional Duty lately imposed; And praying the House, That it will not l'uffer so enormous an addition to the Malt Tax to continue a Law, but that feme other Tax may be substituted that will bear more generally, and leis heavy upon the labouring dalles of the Community.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Con liberal icj

of cm,.in I'ic.;?i<en petitions, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon- appointing the days for taking into consideration the fc-

Tweed\ and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and SnujT^for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved/Yha.t the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and

veral Petitions complaining of undue elections and returns of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as any such Petitions are appointed to be considered on or before the 21 ft day of April next, might be read.

And the said Orders being leverafy read accordingly; the fame were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, of the Royal Navy; and also, the Pe-

certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for tit ion of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, severally complaining

Exchequer Bi-W Bill, paflfed.

the service of the year oncthouland eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Air. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising the turn of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bids, on the credit of tuch Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly *,

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do jjfs: And that the Title be,

of an undue election and double return for the clats cr district of Boroughs, confiding of Dunfermline, Stirling, Innerkeishing, Culrofs, and Queensferrv, in Scotland, be taken into consideration uponTuciday the 8th day of February next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of James Dashwocd, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th day of February next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Conyngham Plunket, Esquire, LL. D. complaining of an undue election and

An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or return for the College and University of the Holy and Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as Undivided Trinity, near Dublin, be taken into conficlera-have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the tion upon Thursday, the 10th day of February next, at

1

halt an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William , Esquire;

and alto, the Petition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough ot Great in the County of Lincoln, be

A Petition of certain Persons exercising the Trade of taken into consideration upon Thursday, the ioth day of

service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

I petition of.

% cuymitts,&c. Chymists and Druggists, in the Borough of Ashburton, was February next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

VArtlburton, r . _ 1 ... .1.* rpul iptfriner ffirth "Tlint V\.r Tli.f l.o if 1 r\r. C'nl'

t ,f^aing the presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by Ordered, That the Petition of Parker Coke,

I Medicine an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to Esquire; and also, the Petition of certain Electors of the repeal an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign ot His Town and County of the Town of , who voted

present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain for Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, at the late election for Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, the said Town and County, whole names are thereunto and for making effectual provision for the better collection subscribed; and also, the Petition of certain Electors of of the said Duties, the Petitioners are become tubjefted to the said Town and County, in the interest of Daniel Parker grievous burthens, inconveniences, and Losses, as well by Coke, Esquire, whole names are thereunto subscribed; and reason of their doubts and difficulties upon the construe- likewise the Petition of certain Electors of the said Town tion of several of the Clauses ot that Act, as of the mode and County, whole names are thereunto subscribed, by which the Duties thereby granted are directed to be severally complaining of an undue election and return for collected and paid: And therefore praying the House to the said Town and County, be taken into consideration take this subject into serious consideration, that the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

b

•V,

'f*

Report Ways and Means.

upon Tuesday, the 15th day of February next, at halt an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Wilson, of Datch-worth Lodge, in the County of Herts, Esquire, complain-Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ing of an undue election and return for the Borough ot

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Fvesolution which the Com-

Rarnfraple, in the County of Devon, be taken into conlt-deration upon Tuesday, the 15th clay of February next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered,

•; T

U

43 Geo. III. 13° Decembris.: 85

Ordered, That the Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Vans Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire; and also, the Petition Junior, of Sheuchan, complaining of an undue election and of ’Thomas Mills, "Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James return for the District of Royal Burghs in Scotland, con-Hoggins, on behalf of themselves and other the Freemen fitting of Stranraer, Wigton, Whithorn, and New Galloway, of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the election of be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 3d day Representatives in Parliament for the said City, severally of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon., complaining of an undue election and return for the said Ordered, That the Petition of John Maitland, Esquire; City, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the x 7th and also, the Petition of Henry Guy, Henry Poole, Joseph day of February next, at half an hour after Two of the Lawes, Richard Hulbert, William Heath, and Henry Elliott, clock in the Afternoon. being legal Eledors of Members to serve in Parliament for

Ordered, That the Petition of John Agnew, Esquire; the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, on and also, the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and behalf of themselves and of other such Electors, severally James Mills, Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of complaining of an undue election and return for the said Bridgnvater, in the County of Somerset, severally com- Borough, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the plaining of an undue election and return for the said 8th day of March next, at half an hour after Two of the Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the clock in the Afternoon.

tytli day of February next, at Three of the clock in the Ordered, That the Petition of William Paxton, of Afternoon. dleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire; and

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Mont- also, the Petition of Richard Manfel Phillips, a Freeholder vrntrit Granville John Stewart, complaining of an undue of the County of Carmarthen, severally complaining of an election and return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, be undue election and return for the said County, be taken taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 22d day of into consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th day of March February next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon, the Afternoon. Ordered, That the Petition of Sir William MannerSi

Ordered, That the Petition of General Sir HeEior Munro, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for of Sovar, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the the Borough of llchester, in the County of Somerset, be Bath, complaining of an undue election and return for taken into consideration upon Thursday, the loth day of the Clal's or Didrift of Boroughs, consisting of Invcrness, March next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in Fcrirofe, Nairn, and Forres, in that part of the United the Afternoon.

Kingdom called Scotland, be taken into consideration upon Ordered, That the Petition of John Frojl, Esquire; and Tuesday, the 22d day of February next, at Three of the also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are clock in the Afternoon. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Sheridan and the Eledors of the Town and Borough of East Grinjled, William Ogi/vie, Esquires; and also, the Petition of Samuel in the County of severally complaining of an undue Mitchell, Josiah Abraham, William Waliish, William Rawle, election and return for the said Town and Borough, be John Peake, Francis Hicks, Samuel Hicks, Stephen Wills, Philip taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 10th day of James, Thomas Langdon, John Randle, John Blunt, John March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. Martyn, Samuel James, William Strike, John Mutton, William Ordered, That the Petition of Bovd Alexander, Esquire, Cook, Edward Beeft, William Brookes, John Mallett, William of; and also, the Petition of John,

Kite, Joseph iimgent, Nicholas Thomas, William Moon, Richard Esquire, late Provost of and Delegate for that

Milldrew, Peter Roberts, John Lean, Thomas Lord, John Burgh, and James Burns, Esquire, Provost of , and

Grills, Robert Hill, John Davis, John Welsh, Richard Hole, Delegate for that Burgh, severally complaining of an undue Charles Roberts, William Rogers, William Qniller, Thomas election and return for the Diiirift of Burghs of,

Lampen, Jonathan Baron, Richard Prior, John Sargent, Samuel Rulherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, in Scotland, be taken Renter, Robert Godfrey, and James Roberts, severally com- into consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th day of March plaining of an undue election and return for the Borough next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the of Liskeard-, in the County of Cornwall, be taken into conii- Afternoon.

deration upon Thursday, the 24th day of February next, at Ordered, That the Petition of Peter Isaac Thelluffon and half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon. George Woodford Thellufjon-, and also, the Petition of Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Newport, of the Thomat Hav/kes, John Ward, John Fittecombe, George Brown, City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining of an undue William Seymour, Simon Tucker, Simon Brock, Richard Pal-election and return for the said City, be taken into con- fridge, and Thomas Cornish, Eledors of the Borough of iteration upon Thursday, the 24th day of February next, Okehampton, in the County of Devon, severally complain-at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. ing of an undue election and return for the said Borough,

Ordered, That the Petition of Henry Meade Ogle, of be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th day the Town of Drogheda, Esquire; and also, the Petition of of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon, the thereunder-signed Freemen and Freeholders of the Ordered, That the Petition of James Adams, Esquire,

County of the Town of Drogheda, in that part of the complaining of. an undue election and return for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ire- Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, be taken io':ion behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said into consideration upon Thursday, the 17th day of March Town, severally complaining of an undue election and next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the return for the said 1'own, be taken into consideration upon Afternoon.

Tuesday, the ift day of March next, at half an hour after Ordered, That the Petition of Daniel Ord, Esquire, one Two of the clock in the Afternoon. of the Candidates to represent the Town and Borough of

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Berwick-upon-Tweed at the last election for Members to serve n mes are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the for the said Town and Borough in the present Parliament; C unty of Hereford, and who voted for the election of and also, the Petition of certain of the Freemen, Eledors Members thereof; and also, the Petition of the several of the said Town and Borough, whole names are there-Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Free- after subscribed, having a right to vote at the election of holders in the County of Hereford, and who voted for the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Bo-dedion of Members thereof, severally complaining of an rough, severally complaining of an undue election and re-undue election and return for the said County, be taken turn for the said Town and Borough, be taken into con-lnt0 consideration upon Tuesday, the ill day of March sideration upon Thursday, the 17th day of March next, next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. ’at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Milford and Henry That the Petition of Robert Robinson, late a

Swann, Esquires, complaining of an undue election and Candidate for one of the Burgesses to lerve in Parliament return for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Corn- in and for the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the he taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 3d County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of certain . y rf March next, at half an hour after Two of the clock Persons, Eledors of Members to serve in Parliament for w fte Afternoon. .. the said Borough and Town, whose names are thereunto

Vol. 58. Z subscribed.

86

13° Deccmbris.

A. 1802.

subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough and Town, be taken into consideratioiv uponTuefday, the lid day of March next, at half an hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Squire, Cornelius Ward, William Fotharby, Henry Stanwell, Jetemiah Stairwell, William Nicholls, John Herring, and William Wood, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 2ad day of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Hill, one of the Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Malmefoury, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of General Sir Robert Aber~ cromby, of Airthrey, Knight of the Order of the Bath* and also, the Petition of James Bruce, ot Kinnaird, Esquire,

"the Petition of certain Electors for the Town or Borough

of KingstGu-upon-llitll, who voted for Samuel Thornton, Esquire, and William JoJ'eph Denison, Esquire, at the late election for that place, and whole names are thereunto subscribed; also, of other Electors who voted for one of the said Candidates, whole names arc also thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the tiiereunder-signecl Freemen of the Town or Borough of Kingston-upim-Hull, having had a right to vote at the last election for the said Town or Borough, on behalf of themselves and others the Freemen of the Town aforesaid, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town or Borough, be taken into consideration upon TiuirUiav, the 14th day of April next, at lulf an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to terve in Parliament for the Borough of Leomiufier, in the County of Hereford, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 14th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Reverend William

and of Harry Davidfun, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, both Freeholders in the County of Stirling, severally com- Lloyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Brozvne, A clou Chaplin, plaining of an undue election and return for the said John Barker, Edward A/ston, Robert Smith, Francis Fleet, County, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the John Rawbone, William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf

24th day of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Sand ford, Esquire, Thomas Forder, Junior, George Foul ton, Joseph Ur fell, Joseph Gegg, Nathan Cole, Junior, Robert Dore, William Hi!/, Richard Buwly, Joseph Winstone, John Winfione, Edward Humphreys, Daniel Young, William A fills, William Scott, and George Dike, Inhabitant Householders, legally settled in the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on behalf of them-ielves arid others, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 29th day of March next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition ot John Charlton Kindi ant, of Park Hall, in the County of Salop, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the said County, be taken into consideration uponTuefday, the 29th day of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Humphrey Howorth, Esquire, complaining ot an undue election and return for the Borough of Eve/hvn, in the County of Worcester, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 31 ft day of March next, at half an hour atler Two of the clock in the AUernoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bowles the Younger, Esquire, and Henry Bonham, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 31ft day of March next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Heath, Gentleman, one of the Electors of the Borough of Newca/lle-under-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and of several other Electors of the said Borough, whole names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Oliver Beckett, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Joseph James, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return lor the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th clay of April next, at half an hour alter Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Macnarnara, of Lan~ goed Castle, in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Radnor, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen of the down or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the County of the fame Town, on behalf of themselves and others, the Freemen of the Town aforesaid; and allo.

of themselves and others the legal Electors of the Borough of Aylcjliiry, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th day of April next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Mahnvaring, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, whose names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th clay of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of E/Jex, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21 ft day of April next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thu delay, the aii i clay of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That* the Petition of Mark Wood, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaflefbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th day of April next, at half an hour after Two of the dock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the several parties; with orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House, according to Order, refuined the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon Tuesday la ft, That the rdpecting Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, whose names are thereunto subscribed (which was 0fMiddle.:

then delivered in at the Table, and read) does not come rdiwiat within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the Acts passed for the regulation of the trials of cont roverted Eiediops, or returns ot Members to serve in Parliament.*

And the said Petition was again read.

And the said Acts were also read.

And the Question being again proposed;

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journal g}

of the House, of the 17th day of February 1727, of the g-

proceedings of the House, on the Petition of divers Inha- c-.

biianti

Die . :ed by

r^r-ca Vr7f on

i' trn

of

x y-^Jkur,

rJLtd.

ciiwn.

,;n?

■u of

~;»x.

fcrRe

"f.

43 Geo. III.

bitants of the Borough of Lytne Regis, in the Count)’ of Dorset, against the Jtretensions of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, to be one of the Burgesses lor the said Borough, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of Middtejex, whole names are thereunto subscribed, does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

The Iluufc, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon Tuesday iaft, That the other Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of MdiL'efex, whole names are thereunto subscribed (which was then likewise delivered in at the Tabic, and read) does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the Acts passed lor the regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the said Petition was again read.

Ribbed, That the taid Petition does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon Tuesday lait. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of Hereford, and who voted lor the election of Members thereof (which was then delivered in at the Table, and read) does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the Acts passed for the regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the said Petition was again read.

Resolved, That the said Petition does not come within the description of a Petition, the proceedings upon which are regulated by any of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

The House'was moved, That the thirty-first Deport (relative to the Admiralty, Dock Yards, and Transports) which, upon the 26th day of June 179S, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and llute the total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to tire Public Kevenue and Expenditure, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill forap.1 pointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, which are, or have been lately praftikd by persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agents, and to report such Observations as (Trail ^cur tu them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuks, in future; and for the better conducting and ' managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents: And that Mr. Markham, the Lord Hanekef-hp, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Philip Stephens, Sir fLm fronbridge, Mr. Carlhjhore, and Mr. 'Jervis, do prepare, and bring in, the liune.

A Bill to facilitate and render more easy the Transpor-tanon of Offenders, was, according to Order, read a second

13° Decemb.

87

the business of Prize Agents, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents: And the fame was received \ and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To* morrow.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts,

N‘C. rddlTiril,

Monies advanced for Public Services.

Bill:; drawn from New South Wales.

Convi#*

Emigrants,

&c.

Bounties on Importation of Corn,

Ordinary of Navy.

Buildings, &c, of Ships.

time.

R-jdved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 0l the whole House.

Rfibed, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself

111,0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

' Markham presented to the House, according to 'wr, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire.and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, which or have been lately praefited by persons employed in e [cveral Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in VoL.5a.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred to. the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, and which may become due in the course of the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing ConvicVs at Home, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for the relief of the suffering Clergy and Laitv of France, Ton I onefe and Cor ft can Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Bounties paid on the Importation of Corn and Rice, in the years ending the 10th of October 1801 and 1802, respectively, distinguishing each Quarter, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of W ar, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads ot Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the year 1S03, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transports, between the ill January and 31ft December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for Thirteen lunar months, commencing the iftof January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Monies that will be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, between ift January and 31ft December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to moVe, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according Mutiny Bill, to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Prcreated* for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

lYanfports,

Prisoners cf War.

Ditto.

Resolved,

88

13* Decembris.

A. 1802.

k on ing the Importation of Malt from Ireland, to be considered.

Bill respc^ing the Woollen 1 rade, ordered.

Resolvehd, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next*

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 12th year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for " granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, * Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thou-" sand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth " Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loft, burnt, or destroyed;

and for enlarging the time for adjusting Claims in several " Lottery Acts; and to punish the counterfeiting or " forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late " Ad in relation to Stamp Duties on Customary Estates " which pass by Deed and Copy," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as prohibits the Importation of Malt from Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several Acts relating to the Importation and Exportation of Malt between Great Britain and Ireland.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and Manufactories, within the Counties of Somerjel, Wilts, and Gloucester, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was all'o moved, That the several Acts referred to in the said Petition, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to fiif-pend, for a time to be limited, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and all'o under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, lb far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Alexander,

Mr. Corry, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of Merjlham, Charlden, Nuffield, Bletchingh, and Godstone,

to, or near to, a place called GodflbneGreen, in the Pa:ilh of Godfione, all in the said County; and that the making

such Railway will be of very great advantage to ftve:al considerable Manufactories established in the neighbourhood, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a very populous Country, lying on or near to the line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy communication for the conveyance of Coals, Corn, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Metropolis, and other places: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Railway, and such W orks as may be ne-cefi'ary for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And rhat they do examine the matter thereof j. and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, Lord William RuJJ'ell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Isaac Hofch, was read HofclrsKtf. the third time. £i<i,jxt/kd.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Hofch.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Con>mitu«o Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Ad!rt/'p'ai"' an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Navy Majesty, intituled, "An Act to provide for the more " speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Tr..nlport " Bills, that shall be issued in future."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ruftington Itviol ure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Gnin.a-c. unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ii;il>llekrrt ' -Owners of Estates in the Parish of Rufiington, in the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 42c! year of the,

County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-

letting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, containing in the whole, by estimation, 3S4 acres or thereabouts; and that the fame lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small parcels, but, if divided and allotted unto and amongst the several persons interested therein, and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds.

gulating, until the Fifteenth day of February one thou-•* land eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain,

" Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain, "

" to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesiJay next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for reviving and continuing certain Acts, made Dublin, &» in the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and 14th, 17th and 18th, 19th and 20th, 21ft and 2id, 33d and 35th

Croydon, Arc. R»ilway Petition.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant years of the reign of His present Majesty, for regulating to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Atkinr the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, was, *nd the Lord Andover, do prepare, and bring in, the according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants in or near the several places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears, a Railway may be made for the passage of Waggons and other Carriages, from or from

The Order of the day being read, for the House to - o'svs solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

is an* dc

near, a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croy- fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply don, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

it( ' -If,

through the said Parish of Croydon, into and through the several Parishes of Croydon, Beddington, Coulfdon, Chipflead,

Merjlham, Bletchingly, Nuffield, and Gatton, to, or near to, a

place called Ref ate, in the Parish of Reigate, in the said The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve Comn

County; and also a Collateral Branch from the said Rail- itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider way from, or from near, a place called Merjlham, in the of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His pre- c , Parish of Merjlham, into and through the several Parishes sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the

13 " Twentieth

iki

'i

;V-

y*

■ii

i'a

>fc1

y-t.

43 Geo. III.

13°—14° D

89

" Twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parish of three, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, in the County of leading through the Towns

« and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of Brentford and , to the Powder Mills in the

~ . i /x /• rt 1 * li t’h i v*i > rv l .« 1.

" of this Session of Parliament The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Railins, and Pepper, imported into.

liruclion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Afcrrfpefl-Exoortt-u-.ofSu'yir rm Irciami, pbecoa-iirei

f'iccioiure

Road to Staines, and to Cranford , in the Road to

Colnbrand several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the Old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed -to Mr. Baldwin,

" and on Lead exported from, Great Britain,"might be read. Mr. Byng, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

And the same being read accordingly; Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do conliuer of so much of the said Act as An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Widmei imposes a Duty upon Sugar imported by the East India the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Company. " Waste Lands, in the Parish of JVidmerpool, in the County

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, of Nottingham, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands,

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they in the Parish of Widmerpool, in the County of Nottingham. . had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him Ordered, That Mr do carry the Bill to the

to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the The House was moved. That an Act, madein the 41ft year Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, was or of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the " for regulating, until the Twentieth day of May one thou- Port of Southampton is a very ancient one, from which, of " land eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Draw- late years, a considerable trade and commerce has been " back on the Exportation from Ireland of British Planta- carried on to Foreign. Parts as well as Coastwise, and from " tion Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar the situation of which, and other concurring circumstances,

" exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Planta- is capable of being greatly improved, and rendered very " tion Sugar to be warehoused in Irelandfmight be read, commodious, by a Bason and Wet Docks being con-And the same was read accordingly. strufted capable of receiving and harbouring a consider-

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the able number of Ships, much larger than can now lie with 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, safety at the Quays to be laden or unladen, which would " An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth day of May one tend to the increase of Navigation, and improvement of " thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, Trade within the said Town and Port of Southampton, and " made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating eventually increase the Commerce and Navigation of the " and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ire- Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are entitled, by virtue " land; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware- of several Charters, granted to them by His Majesty’s Pro-" housed in Ireland; and for granting an additional Draw- genitors, Kings of England, to several exclusive privileges,

" back on the Exportation of Refined Sugar," might and also to divers Customs, Duties, and Payments, from all

persons trading to or from the said Port, which Payments will not be sufficient to carry the intended plans into exe-1 cution; and that the Petitioners are willing and delirous to give up such exclusive rights, as well as that the present Wharfage Dues payable to them should be regulated, and \ that a new Book of Rates should be made to establish the ' Harbour Dues to be paid by them in their private capacities, as well as by all other persons trading to or from the said Port, for the purpose of carrying such improvements and alterations into execution: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a. 'Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, now payable to the Corporation, and for improving the Trade, and encouraging the Navigation, of the Port of Southampton, and for making a convenient Dock or Bason for the security of all Ships there, and for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and

A PETITION of the Right honourable George Earl making other Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and of Onslow and the Riirht honourable Peter Lord for regulating the present Wharfage payable to the Corporation, and imposing certain Duties for carrying into

be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-idl into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mart is, 14° die

Anno 430 Georgii III'" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Right honourable George Earl of Onslow, and the Right honourable Peter Lord King, Baron King,'and the humble Petition of the several

other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being execution the said purposes.

Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Send and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the eonfi-Ripley, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the deration of a Committee; And that they do examine the House, and read; letting forth. That there arc within matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the said Parish several Open and Common Meadows and them, to the House;

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, which, in their And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. George Henry Rose, present ftaie, are incapable of any considerable Improve- he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine ment; but the fame might be greatly improved if di- of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power 'ided and inclosid, and specific Allotments made unto to fend for persons, papers, and records. j

the several Persons interested: And therefore praying, That j

leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allot- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- lanting i ting, and inclosing the said Meadows and Lands. unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, c.lofure

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Owners of Estates in the Parish of Lancing, in the County tion'

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin, of SuJJewas presented to the House, and rdad; setting Lord William Huff ell, and Sir John Frederick, do pfepare, forth, That there are within (he said Parish several Open and bring in, the same. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable

Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the vyhole, by A Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts, estimation, 730 acres; and that the lame lie very much,

wade in the 7th, 31ft, and 35th years of the reign of His intermixed and dispersed, so as to render their cultivation

present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that part very inconvenient, but, if divided and allotted unto and Vot- 58. A a amongst

90

14° Decembris.

A.

)V/ -L;*

amongst the several Persons interested, and inclosed, they communication for the conveyance of Coals,. Com,'and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Me-Ieave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, tropolis, and other places.

and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amyatt, A Petition of the Molt noble Duke of Bedford, 9a!cley inclo-

General Lennox, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, ,ure iJcutloa-the fame. whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-

lelves and other Owners and Proprietors of Dilates within A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- the Parish of in the County o {Bedford, was pre-

vport Pag-

it!on'°iUre unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners and others are Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying dispersed in certain Open and Common Fields and Meadows, commonly called Fields and Meadows,

fented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within the said Parish divers old indol'ed Lands, Open Field Lands, Commons, and Waites, which lie intermixed, and are very inconveniently situate for the occupation and cultivation thereof, and it would be highly advantageous in the Parish of Newport Pagnell. in the County of Buck-to the persons interested, if the lame were divided, al-ingham, which contain together 050 acres, or thereabouts, lotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave and part thereof are subject to the payment of Tythes in may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the purposes kind; and that the property of the Petitioners lie in small aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Adair,

Mr. St. Andrew S7. 'John, and Air. Ofuorut do prepare, and brine; in, the lame.

O 7 /

A Petition, of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Petition of

- - - Innkeepers,

detached parcels in the said Fields and Meadows; and if the fame were divided, inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes, considerable benefit and advantage would accrue to the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Town of Beverley, in the County of York, was presented to to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners ley.refecting

ovdon,&c. tiiway Fetin'!, reported.

Temple and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants in or near the several Places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-

conceive the Duties or Taxes laid upon Beer and Ale to oa be partial and oppressive, inafnnich as the lame only affect those persons who brew such Beer and Ale for sale, and not the Public in general; and that, if the said Duties were repealed, and a Duty in lieu thereof charged upon Malt, it would be more impartial, as it would affect the Public in general, and add a considerable increase to the Revenue, and allb lave a very great expence, by a reduc-

ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Bail- tion of the Revenue Officers, who are now necessarily etn

ways, had been complied with; and it appeared to the Committee, that it was originally intended to make the propokd Railway mentioned in the Petition, by extending the Powers of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of " Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral

" Branch into the Parish of C'arjhalton, and a Navigable " Communication between the River Thames and the said " Railway at Wandfxvorth, all in the County of Surrey," for that particular purpose, but subsequent to which it has been deemed more convenient and beneficial to the Public to have the lame executed under and by virtue of a le-parate Act; and that the said Railway is intended to be made in the fame Line, and through the fame Parishes and Places, without any deviation whatever from those inlcrted in the aforesaid Notices; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Jones, being examined, said, That by Levels and gone through the and made Amendments

Surveys lately made and taken.it appears a Railway maybe thereunto, which they had directed him ro report to the made for the passage of Waggons and other Carriages from House; and he read the Report in his place; and or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the of Croydon, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read Surrey, through the said Parish of Croydon, into and through throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, the several Parishes o f Croydon, Beddington, Cotilfdon, Chip- upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed

fed, Mersham, Bletchingly, Nutfield, and Gatton, to or near to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

ployed in gauging and excifing such Beer and Ale: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and furnish such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Manchester the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and im-" proving the Road from the 1’own of Manchester,

" place called The White Smithy, in the Township of " Crump fall, to the Town of Rochdale-, and also the Road " from the said place called The White Smithy, by a place " called B.ffes of the Barn to the Town of and also

" the Road from the said place called Bejjes the Barn to " Bade life Bridge; and also the Lane called Shccpfoot " Lane, in the Township of Priefi-wich, all in the County " Palatine of Lancaster," so far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein particularly chferibed, called The Mane lieferDiftriSt, was committed; the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had

to a place called Reigate, in the Parish of Regate, in the said County; and also, a Collateral Branch from the said Railway from or from near a place called Mersham, in the Parish of M- rfiham, into and through the several Parishes of Mersham, Charldon, Nutfield, Bletchingly, and Godfone,

to or near to a place called Godfone Green, in the Parish of Godfone. all in the said County of

And the Witness added, That the making such Railway will be of very great advantage to several considerable . Manufactories established in the neighbourhood of, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a

Samuel Smith, Esquire, being chosen a Btirgef; so serve MiJhurit this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Leicester, and also a B for the Borough

of Midhurf, in the County of Sufi ex, made his dciition to

serve for the said Borough of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the eiect-:

ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the

very populous Country lying on or near to the Line of Borough of , in the County in the room

the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and eafv Esquire.

The

7 inci> -iitl'JL

‘-'"H

’).J4

ieu.

43 IjrEO. 11 A.

14° Decemb

91

of

Vjkv jiTufd •,'^nt lo

.GN':|ci,

■jtnted.

u/ J J

the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been

(No. 12.)

of

.tOfiieri

fciry,

2 'iinlt

Grain.

BuL

The House being informed that Mr. Woodford, from afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

lame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, "That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Exch a sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off' and issued by His Majority's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of discharging the Exchequer Bills, made our by virtue of the House of Commons, and which have not been made an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for railing-good by Parliament. the sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds,

And then he withdrew; and the title was read. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Britain, outstanding and unprovided for*

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bounties o Members of the House. a sum, not exceeding Five hundred twenty-four thousand c,)m and

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Five hundred seventy-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings

Volume. and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to the Consolidated Fund the like sum paid out of A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto fbe Revenues of Customs, for Bounties on Corn and Grain, subscribed, being respectively Owners Or Part Owners of imported into Great Britain, to the ioth day of October British Ships, residing at Hartley and Blyth, in the County I 2-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which may become due in the course of the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Coijvifts. a sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Eight hundred forty-leven Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Ala-, jesty, to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the year 1803.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ninety-one thousand Five hundred and eighty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty. for the Belief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of,

Fmdonefeand Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers,

c 1 u / J

of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame all gations and prayer with the Petitions of the Owners or Fart Owners of Ships refid-

ing or being at present within the limits of the Ports of London, Scarborough, Bridlington, Plymouth, and Sunderland,

which were presented to the House upon Friday last.

Ordered, That the said Petition! do lie upon the Table.

Bills from NfW Souti’ Wale*.

., , A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

-to* vji

Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, piaffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for "amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road " from Spann Smithy, in the County of , to Falk, in "the County of Stafford without any Amendment:

Emigrants,

Sec.

Lcsnft

piled

‘fronr’s

3iii.

■xk’i

Bill.

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Fheodore Plant amour; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Bellock; to which the Lords desire flic concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Enquiries into the Itate of the Coijieri->.

An ingrossed

'’fat-

'Ul,

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Lr naturalizing Francis Fheodore Plant amour, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

_ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Bellock, was read the first time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second

and American Loyaiifts, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and nineteen Pounds Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been blued to Charles Beaumont,

Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Journies and Expences incurred in making Enquiries respecting the State of the Collieries.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Boundaries of a sum, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, be granted New to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to John King, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for ascertaining the Boundaries of the Foref.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Baklwyn, a sum, not exceeding One thousand and eighty-six Pounds for Services ju One Shilling and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to reading of the Bill for appointing Commissioners to cn- George Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer,

quire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, and out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, as a reward for Abuses, which are, or have been lately, practised by per- his services in Egypt.

l°ns employed in the several Naval Departments therein Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Freight of .7 mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agents, and to a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and twenty-four South Bpwt such Observations as shall occur to them for pre- Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make WuL.°U venting such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future, good the like sum, which' has been issued to I Horn

and for the better conducting and managing the business Chinnery, Esquire, at the receipt of the-Exchequer, out of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents, be now His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be paid over to Mr.

Palmer, Commissary at Nezv South Wales, as Half Freight for a Veil'd hired by Governor of Mr. Palmer's,

Agent, for the service of that Colony.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That indexes to a sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred fifty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Lords, to make good the like lum, which has been issued to bto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.- Thomas Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer,

out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for making Indexes to the Journals of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That Chairman of a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred and one Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to Peers, make good the like sum, which has been issued to Lord V01. .-8, ‘ Walfmghm,

rad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Rffced, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

°* hie whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ,0conlider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to reP°rt to the House; which he read in his place; and

92

14° Decemb

A. 1802.

rliament

Vice.

lodel of a.

ridge.

reparing

Vhltm&s of ^puiation-

;Making

Ahilradl of Cultivation of England and Walts.

Surveying the Straits of '.Menai, &c.

Walsingham, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for his attendance as Chair- to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordi-man of the Committees of the House of Peers, in Session nary, for the year 1803.

1801-2. ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Transports, ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and ninety thousand a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and sixty Pounds Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Hire of Trans-Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His ports, for the year 1803.

Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prisoners of to George RoJ'e, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, a sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Pounds, be War-out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pri-iat the Parliament Office in Session 1801-2. loners of War in Health, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ditto,

a sum, not exceeding One hundred sixty-nine Pounds a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted -

Seven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sick Prisoners -

to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to of War, for the year 1803.

Thomas IVilfon, Gentleman, at the receipt of the Exche- The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, quer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for his were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Trouble and Expences in attending the Select Committee to by the House. of the House of Commons for the Improvement of the

Port of London, and for preparing a Model of a Bridge by Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeoi: direction of the said Committee. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to p^ibitin"

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That consider of so much of an Act, made in the 12th year the import*, a sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to of the reign of Queen Anne, as prohibits the Importation 1

His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been of Malt from Ireland, be now read. re an

issued to Enos Smith, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exche- And the said Order being read accordingly;

quer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to enable The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 31ft

him to pay several persons employed in preparing Abstracts year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An to be laid before Parliament of the Population of Great " Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Britain, " Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That " imported, and of the Bounty on Corn exported,’' a sum, not exceeding One hundred forty-six Pounds and might be read.

One Shilling, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the And the fame was read accordingly, like sum, which has been issued to John Henry Capper, The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Ma- 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend jesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Expences incurred the last mentioned Act, might be read, in making Abstracts of the Cultivation of England and And the same being read accordingly;

Wales. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instructio&

Resolved,'Yhz.t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That mittee, That they do consider of the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

■ Auditing of :,c Public j Accounts.

a sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and fourteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, issued to Mr. Thomas,

at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences incurred in surveying the Straits of Menai, the Cotnvay River, and Holyhead Harbour and Coast.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred thirty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Fee* on

w _ A Petition of the Maltsters of the Town of Wem, in the Petition

been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the receipt of the County of Salop, and its neighbourhood, was presented to Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the House, and read; complaining of certain hardships additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the

the Public Accounts, to the 10th day of October 1802. making of Malt, in consequence of an Act, passed in the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 4id year of the reign of His present Majesty: And pray- . ,'; pafTir.g certain a sum, not exceeding Three thou land Pounds, be granted ing the House to take the premises into consideration, and

.^Account.. £jjs Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the receipt of the , That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to

' discharge Fees on passing Accounts through the Office of Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the* Report c

' \h the Treasury and Exchequer. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ‘

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to consider of an Act, made in the 42ft year of the reign a sum, not exceeding One thousand and sixty Pounds of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing,

Eight Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His' Majesty, " until the Twentieth day of May one thousand eight hun-

to make good the like sum, which has been issued, at the " dred and three, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar

receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List " exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted '

Revenues, to J. W. Hay, Esquire, Secretary to the Com- " by an Act of this Session of Parliament and to whommissioners appointed under a Convention concluded with another Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His pre-America the 8th day of February 1802, for incidental Ex- sent Majesty, intituled,'" An Act to continue, until the

pences attending the Commission. " Twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That f‘ three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of a sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred twenty-eight thousand Two hundred thirty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the year 1803.

Secretary to the American Commissioners.

Ordinary of Navy.

, / l ——

" Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and " Coffee exported; for permitting Plantation Sugar

" to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Draw-" backs on Sugar exported," was referred; and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the

Buildings and Repairs of Ships -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and one thousand " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of One hundred and forty Pounds, be granted to His Ma- " Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, im-jesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of " ported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain," Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards as imposes a Duty upon Sugar imported by the East India 13 ' Company,

v ^I.0

43 LrJfiU.

14° Deceinbris*

93

■•pooi,

nri gj J.

TIMM a ni3:r:i;

i* Mi: nL'uzi

*:0

Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had di- price shall exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and hot exceed rected him to report to the House; which he read in his Sixty Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirty-4

place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported, allowed by the said Acts, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

one Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty ,of Twenty-seven Shillings j whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-four Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Twenty-four Shillings) whenever whenever the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, such average price shall exceed Sixty-four Shillings, and published in The London Gazette, shall not exceed Thirty- not exceed Sixty-six Shillings the hundred weight, a five Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed on the Bounty of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations in the shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-eight same state in which it was imported, and on refined Sugar, Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Seventeen ground or powdered Sugar, a Drawback or Bounty of Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Twenty-two Shillings for every one hundred weight there* Sixty-eight Shillings, ano not exceed Seventy Shillings the of; whenever such average price shall exceed Thirty-five hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirteen Shillings.

Shillings, and not exceed Forty Shillings the hundred That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty-one Shillings; a Drawback of the Duty upon Sugar imported by the whenever such average price shall exceed Forty Shillings, East India Company, granted by an Act, made in the 41ft and shall not exceed Forty-five Shillings the hundred year of the reign of His present Majesty, be allowed upon weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty Shillings; the delivery thereof, out of the warehouses of the said

~ Company, for exportation.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second tithe, weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty Shillings; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

to by the House.

, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

whenever such average price shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, and not exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundred

whenever such average price shall exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Sixty Shillings, the hundred weight, aDravvback or Bountyof Eighteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Sixteen Shillings; whenever f uch average price shall exceed Sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-four Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of

Fourteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall ex- . jn 0i.ta.

ceed Sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-six Shillings consider of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of ti<?n of sugar

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Acts respect-

11)^ ll, XpOi la*

the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twelve Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Ten Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Seventy Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Eight Shillings.

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, lrom inland, until the Twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland-," and also, of an Act,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty,

whenever the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in The London Gazette, shall not exceed Forty* five Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed on the exportation of refined Sugar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in pieces, a Bounty of Twenty-five Shillings for every hundred weight thereof; whenever such average price shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, and not

to continue and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price shall him to report, when the House will please to receive the exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Sixty Shil- fame.

lings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Eighteen Shillings; Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow, whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty Shillings,

and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Ordered, That the Ordef of the day, for the House to Committee on Bounty of Sixteen Shillings; whenever such average price resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Hull exceed Sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed Sixty* the Bill for reviving and continuing certain Acts, made in \ Expired' four Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Fourteen the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and 14th, 17th and '

Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty* 18th, 19th and 20th, 21ft and 22c!, 33d and 35th years four Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-six Shillings thehun- of the reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the tad weight, a Bounty of Twelve Shillings; whenever Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, be now such average price shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not read.

Law )

exceed Sixty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Ten Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Seventy Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they published in The London Gazette, shall not exceed Thirty- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments hve Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed, on the thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when exportation of refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, the House will please to receive the fa.me.

of Lump duly refined, a Bounty of Forty Shillings for Ordered That the Report be received Tommorrow, every hundred weight thereof; whenever such average

Pfce shall exceed Thirty-five Shillings, and not exceed Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee appointed Report Ex-forty Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirty- to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and P^ag Laws.

Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed to report their Opinion from time to time to the House,

Forty Shillings, and not exceed Forty-five Shillings the which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirty-six Shillings; when- perpetual; That the Committee had made a further en-^rfach average price shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, quiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had

an<) —— 1 ~ ...... : directed him to report to the House; and "he read the

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

B b Clerk’s

ttvtiage UI1LC UlAll CAVCt

not exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, •Bounty of Thirty-four Shillings; whenever such average ot. 58.

94 14°—15° D A. 1802.

Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation " of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other " articles of Provision without payment of Duty, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement " of the next Session of Parliament," which was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, and further continued and amended by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, and also further continued by two Acts of the 41ft and 42ft years of the reign of His present Majesty, until the ill day of January 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Ad mentioned in the said Resolution.

artd Places, within a certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of , called Hans

Town, and for otherwise improving the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Commissioners, acting under the said Act, have proceeded in the execution thereof, to the great benefit of the said District, and of the Public at large; and that, in order more effectually to carry the purposes of the said Ad into execution, it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be amended, altered, and enlarged: A nd therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Act, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Holland, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, Militia^Acts, a Bill for amending, and reducing into one Ad, the Laws presented. relating to the Militia of And the fame was re-

ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-I morrow.

jB'iir^specting Mr. Nicholas Vanjiitait presented to the House, accord-*Tra<le,° *n ing to Order, a Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, presented. Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture; and also under an Act of the reign of Queen,

so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or ! concerned in the said Manufacture: And the fame was

received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

! . Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

Aa resptft-4 Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ling Navy Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to provide for the " more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and " Transport Bills, that shall be issued in future," was Committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, I iiat this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to facilitate and render more easy the Transportation of Offenders.

And then, the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

I Bills, reported.

Transporta-tion Bill, deferred.

Mercurii, 15° die

Petition to imend Act ror paving tfans Town.

Anno 430 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Commissioners for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for forming, and keeping in repair, the Streets, and other public Passages

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Little Ormlide Lands and Tenements within the Township or Division of Little Ormjide, in the Parish of Ormfi.de, in the County of

Westmorland, who have Right of Common upon the Open '

Commons, Moors, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, i

within the said Township or Division, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and !l;

read; setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds contain together, by estimation, 268 acres, or thereabouts, and, in their present uncultivated state, are of little value, but if the fame were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, a very considerable public and private advantage would arise from the improvement and;

cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant r;.

to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir,

Le Fleming and Mr. James Lowt her do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of Edward Watts, Esquire, Lord of the Hanflopln. Manor, and a considerable Proprietor of Lands and Fetl* V Grounds within the Manor and Parish of other-

wife Hanflope, in the County of Bucks, and of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish certain Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, which ‘

lie open and unincloscd, and, in their present state, are incapable of any considerable improvement, but- if divided '

and inclosed, and specific shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be attended with great advantage to them: And therefore praying. That leave may be i

given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl -

Temple and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report which was -

Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition relative to . of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto sub- Croydon, i feribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners of way‘ -1 Estates, or Inhabitants in or near the several Places therein- •'

after mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted,

that Notices may be given at the next Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey-, also three times in The London Gazette; likewise three times in the Paper ufttally circulated in the said County, called The County Chronicle, in the present month of De- C

cember and in the month of January next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr.

30 KJ&Vi 111-

15° Decembris.

95

•i-r for Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Robert Hi//, one

Ir: of the Capital Burgesses of the Borough of A in

the County of Wilts, who petitioned this House upon the jfjti joth Day of November last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, had not entered into a recognizance in rei'pest of such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, made in the aSth }rear of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for taking the said Petition into confederation upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, be discharged.

I fcrf.te- Mr. Fordyce presented to the House, The Second Report

of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, Ifc.niof4e in obedience to the directions of an Act of Parliament, ’n t^e 34th year of His Majesty’s reign, intituled, rl!'P " An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue "of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other " unimproveable Rents."

And the Title was read, tii | Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House. tpi*. The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to this

| IN' 13.) Volume.

■'tteds A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Mr. Speaker,

rtstom Thc Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon IvJtia the 3d day of June, in the last Session of the last Parliament, was made from the Committee who prepared an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, might be read. 4

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the " Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth day of March "one thousand eight hundred and three, and for holding * Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals,

" and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time " such Militia shall not be embodied," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify amiftake in the said Act, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers: And that Mr. Corry> Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Alexander, Mr. french s and Mr. Wel/esley Pole, do prepare, and in, the fame.

fc:T>

a*>

■>(*

NC£°

1

f:y

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/vedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee the whole House.

Hived, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 8th % of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of we whple House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d "'a a re'Sn TRs present Majesty, intituled, "An

for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in re«| anc^ for augmenting the Militia," might be

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend °much of the said Act: as relates to the exemption of v°i.58.

licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation frdm serving in the Militia: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord

Hawkesbury, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Thc Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields,. Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of,

otherwise Godmanchejer, in the County of Huntingdon, was

committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, the Bailiff's and Afflstants (being Lords of the Manor) Burgesses, the Lessees of the Impropriators, Freemen, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and others interested, in the Parish of

Godmanchejer, in the County of Huntingdon, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill Was committed, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Report be taken into further consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counl'el or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Western part of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the

Maidjone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent, and leading through the several Parishes of Maidjone,

Langley, and Sutton Valence, in the said County, is in a ruinous condition, and in many parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers; and it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the fame were properly amended, widened, and kept in repair: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr.

&c: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at N ine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of Britisi Ships, residing at South Shields, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; containing the like Allegations and Prayer with the Petitions of the Owners or Part Owners of B Ships residing or being at present within the limits of the Port of London, and other Ports, which were presented to the House upon Friday last.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating, until the 15th day of February one thousand " eight hundred and three, the prices at which Grain, Meal, " and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to -" laud, and from Ireland to Great ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered,

Godmancl ter Inclosu Bill, defer.

Counsel ordered on Pet tion of Lam Owners.

Maid ft one Road Petition.

Petition of Ship Owners of South Shields, against Tonnage Duties.

Grain* Sec. Bdi, deferred. (Expiring Law.;

96

15° Decembris.

f ill for confo-!dating Irish jlilitia Acts, ►mmitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for amending, and reducing into one Act, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland, be now read, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolvetd, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

lAcMrefs for Resolved', That an humble Address be presented to His !icMif'Admi- Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give direr.-^ airy and Navy tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the ■•ioard. several Commissions or Letters Patent appointing the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and the Commissioners of the Navy Board.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Nloft honourable Privy Council.

d.. 1802.

giT

Wavy Regulation Bill, r deferred.

ri

Committee on Tranlnorta-•tion Bill.

Ordered, That the Orderof the day, for theHouseto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, which are, or have been lately, practised by persons employed in the lc-veral Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agents, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to facilitate and render more ealy the Transportation of Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfuined the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrolfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Petition of; MaUfters of j Shillingfortl.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Maltsters refuting in and its Vicinity, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House and read; complaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alleclge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That thei Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- '

fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to amend -ing of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the AA rdpeaing 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, pS.8*11*’

" An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all " Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be ‘‘ issued in future," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Vic-" tualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in ,c future."

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. v

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Aa

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to {j^ importL consider of so much of an Act, made in the 12th year of tionot Malt the reign of Queen Anne, as prohibits the Importation of tromIiel4nJ' Malt from Ireland; and who were instructed to consider of the several Acts relating to the Importation and Exportation of Malt between Great Britain and Ireland; and also of two Acts, made in the 31ft and 33d years of the reign:

of His present Majesty, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit the Importation of Malt made in Ireland into Great Britain, for a time to be limited. ‘

Refo!ved, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That Malt, legally exported from Ireland, may be permitted to v

be imported into Great Britain, subject to a countervail-ing Duty on Importation equal to the Duties payable on Malt made in Great Britain, for a time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for a time to be limited, Seed Corn be permitted to be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, r

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time,

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of i;

the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, ..

intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the litteenth.

" day of February one thousand eight hundred and three,

" the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may beex-" ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to " Great Britain," is committed. That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said llefo-lutions.

Committee of Supply.

Account of Money Blued p’.irluant to Add i dles, referred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

10

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on:; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Expor"';* consider of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of tionofsu; i His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, fr°mIrela " until the Twentieth day of May one thousand eight hun-" dred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Ex-" portation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and ;i " lor allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from " Ireland and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be

" warehoused in Ireland;" and also, of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend the said Act, the Resolutions which the Com- v ' mittee had directed him to report to the House; which 1

he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s 1 able: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

4sr\xKu. in* 15°

97

•Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said Acts on the Exportation of Sugar, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the average price of Brown or Sugar,

published in The Dublin Gazette, shall not exceed Thirty-five Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations in the same state in- which it was imported, and on refined Sugar, ground or powdered Sugar, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty-two Shillings for every one hundred weight thereof; whenever such average price fir all exceed Thirty-five Shillings, and not exceed Forty Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty-one Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Forty-five Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price Shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, and not exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundredweight^ Drawback or Bounty of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Sixty Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Eighteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty Shillings and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Sixteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty* two Shillings and not exceed Sixty-four shillings the hundred weight,a Drawback or Bounty of Fourteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-six Shillings the hundredweight, a Drawback or Bounty of Twelve Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Ten Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Seventy Shillings the hundred weight, a Drawback or Bounty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in The Dublin Gazette, shall not exceed Forty-five Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in pieces, a Bounty of Twenty-five Shillings for every hundred weight thereof; whenever such average price shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, and ;iot exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Sixty Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Eighteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Sixteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-four Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Fourteen Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-six Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Twelve Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Ten Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Seventy Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, Published in The Dublin Gazette, shall not exceed Thirty-hve Shillings the hundred weight, there be allowed, on the Exportation of refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, a Bounty of Forty Shillings for ever>' hundred weight thereof; whenever such average price shall exceed Thirty-five Shillings, and not exceed f orty Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirty's'11 Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed forty Shillings, and not exceed Forty-five Shillings the 'undred weight, a Bounty of Thirty-six Shillings; whene'er such average price shall exceed Forty-five Shillings, And not exceed Fifty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a ounty of Thirty-four Shillings; whenever such average Pf'ce shall exceed Fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed sj;xly Swings die hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirty-one hulmgs; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty

Vol. _,8.

Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-two Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Twenty-seven Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-four Shillings the hundred weight, a

Bounty of Twenty*four Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-six Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings; whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed Sixty-eight Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Seventeen Shillings; and whenever such average price shall exceed Sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed Seventy Shillings the hundred weight, a Bounty of Thirteen Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Corry, Lord Viscount and Mr.

Nicholas Vanjittart, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Report, and Account, which were pre Report and fented to the House upon the 29thday of November last, by ^onnn>f Mr. Robinson (from the London Dock Company) be printed, company, to for the Members of the House. be printed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Dublin, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- ® p'0'rntfdBl11' e. viving and continuing certain Acts, made in the Parliament (Expired of Ireland in the 13th and 14th, 17th and 18th, 19th and 'L*'*-'} 20th, 21ft and 22d, 33d and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To- ,;

morrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjitiart presented to the House, accord- British Sugar ing to Order, a Bill for discontinuing certain Drawbacks ^W]^ks’ and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great prdemed. Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, for a time to be limited: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering Mancliefter and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An pa e " Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering,

" and improving, the Road from the Town of " by a place called The White Smithy, in the Township of " Crumpjall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said place called The White Smithy, by a place " called Bejjes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also " the Road from the said place called of the Barn to " Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot " Lane, in the Township of Preijlmich, all in the County " Palatine of Lancaster," (b far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein particularly described, called The Manchester District, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 3 8th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually repairing, wideoing, altering, and improving,

" the Road from the Town of Manchester by a place called " The White Slffithy, in the Township of to the

" Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said a place called The White Smithy, by a place called Bejjes " of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road

C c " from.

98

15°—16°v D

A. 1802.

" from the said place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe " Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot in the " Township of Preftwichall in the County Palatine of " Lane aft erf so far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester District.

Ordered, That General Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

htors Pcti the Debtors confined in the Borough

0en.°rs c *' Gaol of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vays and cleans, dc-errecU

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Revived, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a *the" Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, Exportation, made in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, ive. of Provi- for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without payment of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

•Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had cl ire fled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Sons.

Bill respecting the Woollen Trade, committed.

t

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally readasecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr Alexanderpresented to the House, according to Bill to amend

Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the a^1'* 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, seated. \pre* " An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia " in England, and for augmenting the Militia," as relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Report Ex-to enquire what Law's are expired, or near expiring, and ptrins Law,‘ to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors " of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing cer-" tain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," which was to continue in force during the Hostilities with France, and which, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the ill day of January 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present

in the said Manufacture, was read a second time Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 16* die Decembris;

Anno 430 Georgii III'" Regis, 1802.

r: Petition of 1 Maltsters ot‘

/ Hcnlev-ujion-

’ll

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Maltsters residing in the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, and the neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 4zd years of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant them such relief as shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report on Godmnnchef-ter Inclosure Bill, further considered.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to !< regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the " Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of " Peace, and from thence until Six weeks after the next " meeting of Parliament, and to declare the Isle of Malta " to be part of Europe," is near, expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it- Acts to be self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of e°u,‘,lered* the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Com- ConMered. mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to fevered Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors consideration the Report which was made from the Com- " of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing cer-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- " tain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," which was to contain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com- tinue in force during the Hostilities with France, and mons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gume- which, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, cester, otherwise Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, was continued until the ift day of January 1803, is near was committed; expiring, arid fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

consideration

And the House being informed, That no Counsel attended;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration,

an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to " regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle " of Malta, until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, " and from thence until Six weeks after the next meeting

« of

Goc:

43 Geo. III. 16° Decem99

"of Parliament, and to declare the Isle of Malta to be part of Europe," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.1

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

jaionlered. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexan, the Lord the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Nicholas , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Vrtrto Mr John Smyth reported to the House, That their Ad-kxA- dress of yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give directions, that the Papers, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions-accordingly.

'•iLordi AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Ridley: aitajtttiio Mr. Speaker,

'.UtBUI. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also, ytniit. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensious, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snutf, for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also, rictwjatt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act U‘W1- for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by I -oans or Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to a indemnity such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time dittoed by Law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes until the Twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, on or before the First day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also,

L°rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for fc Jejjairing, improving, and maintaining, the Road leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the county of ; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. GarthJIwre presented to the House, pursuant to their ^re*'s so His Majesty,

Copy of Admiralty Patent, dated 19th February 1801: And also,

Copy of Navy Patent, dated 23d November 1801, Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other f Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Ve Hftructions from the Governor General in Council to the Governor of Fort Saint Geo dated the 26th of March

1800; together with all Minutes, Letters, or Proceedings, which gave rite to the said Instructions, or arose out of then), or have relation to them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of >e Governor General’s Letter to the Nabob Omdut ul vol.58.

Omrah, dated the 24th April 1799; together with all Minutes, Letters, or Proceedings, of the Governor General in Council, or the Governor of Fort Saint George, which gave rife to the said Letter, or arose thereout, or have relation to it.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Declaration transmitted by the Governor General to the Governor of Fort Saint George, noticed in the 18th paragraph of Lord Clive's, letter to the Governor General, dated 27 th July. -

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor General, and the Governor in Council, of Fort Saint George, as have relation to the attempts made by the Governor General to obtain possession of the Carnatic, in April 1798, and in 1798 and 1799, alluded to in the 6th paragraph of the Governor General’s letter to the Court of Directors, dated the 21ft October 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Orders from the Governor General to Messieurs and Cloje, dated 7th April 1800, alluded to in the nth

paragraph of the fame Letter; together with all Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor General, or Governor of Fort Saint George, which have relation thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, as have any relation to the Nabob of the Carnatic, from the year 1798 until the late ft period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor in Council, as have relation to the Nabob of the Carnatic, from the year 1798 until the latest period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Court ot Directors and the Board of Controul, as have any relation to the Nabob of the Carnatic, from the year 1794 until the latest period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Government of Fort Saint George and the Court of Directors, from the year 1771- to the year 1774, on the subject of a proposed Negociation between the Nabob of the Carnatic and Hyder.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Nabob of the Carnatic and the Government of Fort Saint George, during the fame period, on the lame fobjed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General of Bengal and the Government of Fort Saint George and the Court of Directors and Board of Controul, from the month of May 1799, regarding letters and papers found at Seiinga-patam, and objected to their Highnesses Mahomed AH and Omdut ulOmrah as a breach of Treaty, and regarding every other matter relative to the Carnatic and the Government thereof, and to their Highnesses the Nabobs before-mentioned.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders or Instructions lent or delivered by the Court of Directors and Board of Controul to the Governor General of Bengal, or the Government of Madras, from the year 1794 to the month of August in the year 1801, regarding any measure to be pursued in order to obtain possession of the Carnatic, or respecting the Government of the Carnatic and its Dependencies, or regarding the Nabob thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies from the Records of the Government of Madras, or from the Persian Translator’s Office, of all J-etters addressed to

and received from Tippo by the Nabobs Mahomed Ali and Omdut ul Omrah, from the commencement of the year 1792, as lent unto that Government by their Highnesses in their respective life-times.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between Tippo Suit aun and the Company,

executed in 1792.

Ordered, That there be kid before this House, Copies of the Receipts granted by the Government of Madras to his Highness the Nabob Omdut ul Omrah, on account of his Kifts, from the year 1798 to 1801.

100 16° Decemb. A. 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Governor of Fort Saint George to his Highness Omdut ul Omrah, in June 1801, regarding the payment of the Kist, and his Highness’s punCluality On the occasion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Letter, Note, or Memorandum, sent by the Governor General of Bengal, or by the Governor of Madras, or of any verbal Message to his Highness Omdut ul Omrah, touching the Letters found in Seringapatam, or any violation of Treaty, or any delay in the payment of his Highness’s Kills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of thelnftruClions and the Arrangement sent by the Governor General to the Governor of , as mentioned in the

Letter of the Governor General to the Nabob of , dated 28th May 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Demands made by the Governor of Madras, " of an " adequate Security for the British Interests in the Carnatic,

" of Tage ul Omrah," as mentioned in the Letter of the Government of Madras to the Governor General, dated. 31ft July 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all the Correspondence between the Princes and Princefi’es and the Families of Mahomed Ali and Omdut ul Omrah, and the Governor General and the Governor and Government of Madras, from the 31ft July 1801 to the latest possible period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General, the Governor of Fort Saint George, and Court of Directors, or Board of Controul, on the subject of the Death of Tage ul Omrah, the Son and Successor of Omdut ul Omrah.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Treasure obtained in consequence of the secret Articles of the Treaty with ul from amongst

the female part of the Nabob’s Family, as noticed in a Letter from the Governor of Fort Saint George to the Governor General, dated 27th July 1801, and generally as found in the palace of Chepauk.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the " Improvements of the Governor General" in the Treaty with Azeem ul Dowas mentioned in the sixth paragraph of the secret Letter from Fort Saint George, dated ill October 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, from the period of Mr. s return from Bengal,

I with the Instructions and Directions of the Governor

| General, relative to the Carnatic, to the 15th July 1801,

! and the Minutes of the individual Members of Council

i'j! relative thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of

lij the Orders or Instructions given to the Officer in charge

| of the Troops stationed over ul as noticed in

the letter of Lord Clive to the Marquis of PFellesley, dated

.1 the 15th July 1801, in which his Lordship Hates Hajj'am

i'| ul Mulkto be " at present under the protection of the

■" Troops stationed at Chepauk."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies

of all the Papers, Proceedings, and Minutes, required by the 6th, 8th, 13th, and 20th Orders made in the last Session of the last Parliament, but which were not produced, the whole of the Dispatches of the Governor General in Council not having been then received.

wiflrfom Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to His At ul Omrah. Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Will of Omdut id Omrah, late Nabob of the Carnatic.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mloft honourable Privy Council.

'Mu Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report 8up-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ply* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and ,r

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Moneyiflued ’ a sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand One hundred and Adresse«!° Sixty Pounds and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the who e House, upon ?»Biiircfpea. the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited. Proceedings 'woolen in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain trade.

Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to )A^for consider of an Act, made in the 39th year of the reign of Kxjwrtatbn: His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit &c. of Pro-1 the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, '"k0"’* and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; -

which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation,

" of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other " articles of Provision without payment of Duty, to continue in force until Six weeks after the commence- ■

" ment of the next Session of Parliament," which was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, and further continued and amended by another Act, pafl'ed in the same Session of Parliament, and also further continued by two Acts of the:

41 ft and 42d years of the reign of His present Maje'fty, '

until the 1 ft day of January 1S03, is near expiring, and f j

fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were, this day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was; '

referred to consider of certain Acts, mentioned in the Resolutions of the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and were agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, ';

pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

| Additional Ordered, That an additional Number of Copies of the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Dublin,

: |'°nF.aftindia several Papers, which were presented to the Hotife, by Mr. ing of the ingossed Bill, for reviving and continuing cer- ®^}s 1 I

1 Papers, to be Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) on tain Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th (Ex^i - i

printed. the 2lft and 23d Days of June, in the last Session of the and 14th, 17th and 18th, 19th and 20th, 21ft and 22d, h

last Parliament, be printed for the.Members of the House-. 33d and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, .'

10

for

-jpv/ v/

w-----1( JLSCt c/nu/i.y.

* v

ed

¥*•

rfOl

V7>

<.r>.cc,

L:?tv

/.s.

I*

V

for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving and continuing, for Five years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of , and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the provisions of the said Acts, or any of them.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

!'nrta;iy Mr. Com presented to the House, according to Order, •Militia a to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the 42d mT year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia " of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth day of March one " thoui’and eight hundred and three, and for holding " Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals,

" and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time " such Militia shall not be embodied," relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

KVar Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discontinuing, for a time to be limited, certain ptuid. Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a second time. ..

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further considerat ion Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second BritWh Sugar reading of the Bill for discontinuing certain Drawbacks g‘<j|>s’ and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great commuted. Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, for a time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vans.ttartpresented to the House, accord- Sg°nAn

ing to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to Law^BUl, the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Ini- presented. portation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; to the relief of Captors ol Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the I tie of Malta: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

■ Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill..

c*riteo» The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a if Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for conti-iEi?wg nuing an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act; for regulating, uritil " the Fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hun-" dred and three, the prices at which Grain, Meal, and-" Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to,

"and from Ireland to Great Britain."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

t The, House, according to Order, resolved itself into a "i"' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, which are, or have been' lately, practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the bulinels of Prize Agents, and to report such Observations as shall Occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future, and for the better conducing and managing the bulinels of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they ad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments fere"nl°i which they had directed him to report, when House will please to receive the same.

That Report be now received. yft.Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com-jMlce, the Amendments which the Committee had made ? an^ which they had directed him to report to

w House; and he read the Report in his place; and 58.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to facilitate and render more easy the Transportation of Offenders, be read the deferred.* third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 17° die Decembtis

' . ’ 1 Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers;

A MESSAGE by Mr. QuarYeoman Ulher of the Black Rod::

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate at* tendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned,'had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afl'ent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of,

the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chan*-cellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that’ the Lord High D d Chancellor,

Royal Assent f to Bills.

102

17° Decembris.

A. 1802.

Chancellor*, the 'Lord Pelham, and the Lord Walsingham, " Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within a named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare " certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, , in

and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills the County of called Hans Town, and for

are as followeth; viz. " otherwise improving the same :" And that Mr. Holland

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty cer- and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame, tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain

Mr. Grimjion reported from the Committee, to whom the Saint Alban* Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of £hurch Petl: the Poor, and of the several other Inhabitants, of the Parish on, reporte * of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban,

Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the fer- in the County of Hertford, whole names are thereunto fub-vice of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: scribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined

An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it

service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

An Act for further suspending, until the expiration of Six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the operation of two Acts, made in the fif-

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Chapman (a Surveyor) being examined, said. That the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the said Borough

teenth and seventeenth years of the reign of His present and Liberty, being a very ancient Structure, is greatly de- Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory cayed and out of repair, and that the Tower thereof, being Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited sum, within in danger of falling, hath been taken down, together with that part of Great Britain called England: the Chancel which was connected therewith; That the

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Expence of re-building the said Tower and Chancel upon a qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to reduced scale, and of the several other repairs wanting to be indemnify, Justices of the Peace, or others, who have done in and about the said Church, has been estimated at omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the sum of 4,000. exclusive of the old materials; which the time directed by Law, and for extending the time limited said sum the Inhabitants of the said Parish (who are chiefly for those purposes until the Twenty-fifth day of December Tenants at Rack Rent) are unable to raise without the Aid one thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Mem- of Parliament:—And,

bers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Mr. John Boys, being examined, confirmed the above Towns, whose admissions have bftn omitted to be stamped Evidence.

according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth building the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint in day of December one thousand eight hundred and three to the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Per- Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more ions as have omitted to make and " " ......

effectually repairing the said Parish Church: And that Mr. Grimjion and Mr. Poyntz do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of Parish of Saint , in the County of -

the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein: sex, was read a second time.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- That the Bill be committed to Sir John William

larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Anderson, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground for the St. Gik«*<

- - - r & - ...... - Burial

Ground Bill* committed*;

Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the <l Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to " Talk, in the County of Stafford

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Road leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the County of York.

|Petition to 'iarnfnd Ail for paving , Hani Town, reported.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Canterbury unto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into execution j^P°p"trj an Act, made in the 31ft year of the reign of His present ([on.* tl~ Majesty, for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a place called '

Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom the and for repairing and widening the present Road from

Petition of several of the Commissioners for carrying into thence to the Dovor Turnpike Road, in the Parish of execution an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of Barham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House,

His present Majesty, for forming and keeping in repair, the and read *, setting forth, That the Petitioners have pro-Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within a cer- ceeded to carry the said Act into execution, and have laid tain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the out considerable sums of money in making the new Road,

County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise and in repairing and widening the old Road, described in

improving the same, was referred; That the Committee the said Act, and have borrowed several lums of money had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the (which ftillremain due and owing, together with four years House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with: arrears of Interest thereof) on the credit of the Tolls

And that the Committee had examined the matter of the thereby granted; which money so borrowed, together with said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as the said Tolls, have been duly applied in pursuance of the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report directions of the said Act, but the powers of the said Act in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s are insufficient for the purposes thereby intended; and Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged, altered,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said and amended, and the Tolls increased, the said Road cannot Act was read :—And, be kept in repair, nor the money so borrowed, or the in-

Mr. John Battey, being examined, said, That the Com- terest thereof, be paid off and discharged; and it would missioners, acting under the said Act, have proceeded in the greatly facilitate the execution of the purposes intended by execution thereof, to the great benefit of the said District, the said Act if the fame were repealed, and further and and of the Public at large: That, in order more effectually better provisions made: And therefore praying, That leave to carry the purposes of the said Act into execution, it is may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid expedient that the Powers thereof should be amended. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi-altered, and enlarged. * deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in aBill for amend- matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ing, altering, and enlarging, the Powrers of an Act, passed them, to the House:

in the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, in- And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Sir John Honywood, 8cc.: tituled, " An Act for forming, and keeping in repair, the And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the 1 . clock,

..I

40 VjrtU. 111.

IT0 Decem.

103

dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

tftioooof A Petition of certain Persons exercising the Trade of Chymists and Druggists, in the City of Exeter, and its vi-cinity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

Law

i Exeter, re* the

StAS. That by an Act passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, to repeal an Act passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said Duties, the Petitioners are become subjected to grievous burthens, inconveniences, and Losses, as well by reason of their doubts and difficulties upon the construction of several of the clauses of that Ad, as of the mode by which the Duties thereby granted are directed to be collected and paid: And therefore praying the House to take this subject into serious consideration, that the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr, Alexander, according to Order, reported from the G."> Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con- 1 (Expirir tinuing an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the Fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hun-" dred and three, the prices at which Grain, Meal, and " Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to

" and from Ireland to Great Britainwas committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

&:cTlncJo*

Bill,

j&d.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecester,

lacerated

farSotxafor

Dxa&r

iifl’l

J

dft

Bi

iiPtfr

Non of

Ordered That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Co,^'tj*0 lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ^ing Uwi Bill to continue several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Bill, otherwise Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, be Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Corn, and now read. for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision,

And the said Order being read accordingly; without payment of Duty; to the relief of Captors of

The said Bill was read the third time. Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Goods in this Kingdom, and to the regulating the Trade and An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, be now read, mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report tQ the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-Wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the

P' w t. -7-----7—- -- -— Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

eace to be holden in and for the West Riding of the throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon ounty of York, and also three times in the Doncaster Ga- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by zt‘J> >n the present month of December, and in the month the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tor morrow.

Places, within the Parish of Gumecester, otherwise Godman-(hester, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Atutejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be read again.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the cirCumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Christmas Quarter Sessions of the

t —- »v ^/ivivuv uiviiui va jL/wvvmc/vi) uiivt m cuv uaviiiu

of January next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mlta

A Petition of the Maltsters of the Borough of Abingdon, and the vicinity thereof, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hard ships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, inconsequenceof two Acts, passed in the 41 It and 42d years of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant them such relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the rcjgnof Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufac-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 4 Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amend- ®‘[jld^.rncon" ing, and reducing into one Act, the Laws relating to the irish Miiui* Militia of Ireland. A,a»*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made tore, was committed, the Amendments which the Com- to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to roittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Me House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-hun to report to the House; and he read the report in his wards‘delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the pk«; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Clerk’sTable: Where the Report was read.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-*ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one sideration upon Friday, the 1 ith day of February next.

" * Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Com-i

mittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

tyone; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, WcKagreed to by the House.

ffrdered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-borrow. '

• 58.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to realty . reading of the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the 4zd year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, p»y Aa,1 w

" Aa COniniiUC<L

104

17° Decembris. . 1802.

"An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the ' ( " Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March

" one thousand eight hundred and three, and for holding

" Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corp* rals,

‘" and Drummer-, for Offences committed during the " time such Militia Hull not be embodied," relative to thcPayof Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, be now read.

; And the said Order being read accordingly;

•' The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill bsj committed to a Committee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That thislfoufe will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houl'c, upon the said Bill. Considered. "* ‘ The House accordingly retoived itself into the said Comrpittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took, the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And . he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s’fable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossld.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

- . /

Tuition of A Petition of George Mart hi the younger, of Lmctln s ai^An^ican Barrister at Law, being offered to be presented to the LuyMitt, House;

‘•r Rhei. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’$

' Command) acquainted the House, Ti at l lis Majesty,

having been informed ot tiic contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the cnntkleradon of the H

7'hen the said Petiti in was brought up, and read; setting forth, Thar the Petitioner, being a loyal British Subject, hath suffered very heavy loss by the confiilation of a cor.liderable real and chattel-real hftate in North America, which vested in him under the L ft Will and Testament of his paternal Grandfather, John Martin, knd was seized, confiicaied, and fold for a valuable coulider j tion, by the General Assembly of Virginia^ during the late

! American War, on account of the adherence of the Fann y

of the Petitioner to the cauie of Great Britain, as w;ll more / fully ’appear by the Documents and Voucher* re a.ng to

the;title and the loss of the said Estate, which were de-1 fivered up to the late Commissioners appointed by Purlia-

j ftierit1 tb inquire into the Ioffe'S and services of all such

!' Persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and

professions, dunng the late unhappy dissentions in America, j jit consequence < -f their loyalty to His Majesty, and attuch-

rtient to the British Government*, and which, lie has been j informed, and believes, were deposited either at the Plan-

I ‘ tat ion or other proper Office of the Treasury; and that a

;/; ‘ regular ciaim was put in and prosecuted on behalt of the

I " i Petitioner; and others of ins Family, interested in the con-

i -■ ' fifca'tJd- Estates in Virginia, as belonging to real British m ' " Subjects; and having been examined upon oath'by the

1 said Commissioners, his Vouchers admitted by them, and

: his Loss of property included in their final Statement of

|! Claims examined anql Losses allowed of the American

Loyaiifts^'and of what remains for the consideration of Parliament*,* up to the 25th March 1790, pursuant to an Order of the House, dated the 31ft 'March 1790, to which the P etitioner pray' leave to refer, he confidently expected, as he was involved in the common ruin, to receive the: ' fathe-relief from the liberality and justice of his Country,

, whivh was then adml'niftered to the American Sufferers in

general, a fid tome other members of his own family, according to their respective into-dU in the confiscated inheritance; -but owing to the peculiar cir umstances of his case, as classed by the Commit!! 'nan's for American Claims,

1 in their said fih-.it Statement to Parliament, under the idea

that the Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the United States appeared to provide some redress lor his . ] wrongs, the Act passed that year for the relief of the

Loyalists did not contain a specific provision for it, and 1 - ‘ therefore the said Commissioners, and afterwards the Lords

' Commiflifiiers of His Majesty's Treasury (to whom the V Petitioner, unclerftuuding that a special Report oa his case

i '

had been made to the Board of Treasury, applied by Memorial for relief) did not think themselves warranted, by the general words in the Preamble of the said Act, purporting, that it was confident with the munificence of His Ma- ,

jessy, and the honour and character of tide British Nation, h j

that liberal relief should be given, in confederation of the lolles of all such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, &c. to consider the loss sustained by him as in* eluded in that Parliamentary Grant; consequently a Certificate for compensation, although the hard ship of the exception was admitted, could not be issued under the powers given by that Act, and he yet remains destitute of that relief which, he apprehends, was within the equitable

and benevolent intention of Parliament towards all the Sufferers of the above description, who pursued the directions of the Legislature for the establishment of their just: claims upon tide Public Bounty; and that the Petitioner, in order to strengthen his claim upon the justice of his own Country, went out to America, to endeavour to obtain redress under the Treaty of Peace, and persevered for twelve months in the fruitless attempt to recover his

confiscated property, or the value of it, from the State of Virginia, under whole Gqnfifcation Laws it had been seized and alienated from the rightful Owner, and the monies arising from the sale thereof paid into the Treasury of that State for the Public use, and afterwards appropriated to the redemption of their Military Certificates: And therefore praying, That the House will take his case into consideration, and grant him such compensation for his losses, as he submits he is in reason and equity entitled unto, or such other relief to the House shall teem meet; and he j

moreover trulls that the House, when weighing the injury he has sustained as a loyal British Subject, will neither

overlook the great increase in the value of the property, of which he has been lb cruelly despoiled, during twenty-three years which have elapsed since the unjust seizure and confiscation of it, nor the heavy expence of his tlrenuous, though unfuccefstul, personal exertions fro obtain such redress tifewhere as would have rendered any application, * * . on his part, to the humanity and justice of the House ivhohy unnecessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto Petition of * -subscribed, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of of North'^ British Ships, residing at North Shields, and its vicinity, was Shields, presented to the House, and read; containing the like Tonnage Allegations and Prayer with the Petitions of the Owners Duties, or Part Owners of British Ships residing or being at’pre-font within the limits of the Port of London, and other Ports, which were presented to the House upon Friday laii.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the "table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-: ing of the ingrossed Bill to facilitate and render more easy p^ed. the Transportation of Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ’

The laid Bill was read the third time. r

Resolved, That the Bill do pit's: And that the Title be.

An Act to facilitate and render more cafy the Transportation of Offenders.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. * ‘

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- p|J^ha‘r‘ h1 ing of the Bill to amend to much ot an Act, made in the Militia A 4zd year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, commiue< * 1 u An \ft for amending the Lnvs relating to the Militia. ' I

u O

" in England, and for augmenting the Militia," as relates

to the exemption ot licented Teachers of any separate ' ‘

Congregation from serving in the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a tecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a'Committee' of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

/HU VjI iiW* A AX.

1 t

■io" uecemons.

LUO

wJtep*

•;» Sill,

tfCfj

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commit- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

whole

fieners

Caiklered.

Frauds, and Abuses, which are, or have been lately practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agents, and to report such Observarions as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agents, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further confident ion.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

R.fclved, That the said Bill be re-commil ted, as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The HjuIc accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House' adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Decemb

Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose nantesj Exeter and are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put into execution an Act, made in the 20th year of His present Majesty’s reign, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the west side of Lord Clifford’Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from in the County of Devon, and for repealing two Acts, of the 32d of his late Majesty, and the 2d of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees authorized to put the said Act into execution, have borrowed several sums of money on security of the Tolls thereby

HMuaibrd

.Roads

Petiuon.

Mr. Alexander reponed from the Committee, That they granted, which still remain due, and.cannot be repaid, nor

teoftfd.

i/u

IS

yd

q !p*

lei

•'•d’ej.

'hi,

•icks,

had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a iecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, to confer further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for discontinuing, for a time to be limited, certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof, was, according to Order, read a kcond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

can the said Roads be kept in good repair, unless the said Act be continued for a further term; and it is expedient that several of the Tolls, powers, and >provisions, thereby granted, should be varied and enlarged; and that it will be convenient to the Public, that the di-redlion of certain parts of the said Road should be varied or altered, in order to avoid steep and inconvenient hills; and that, instead of the present termination of the said Road at the end of the Exeter Turnpike, on the west side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, a new Road should be made from the ' bottom of Sandy Gate Hill, in the Parish of to or near the village of Gappah, in the Parish of Chud-leigh, and from thence through the present Road or Highway, at the back of Lord Clifford's Park, to the Croft or Direction Post at the bottom of Ha!don Hill, in the said Parish of Chud/eigh, called Beggars Buff: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the purpofts aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Petition*

reported*

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do make the Report from Southwark the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per- ?av.!l?s Ions, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to put in execution the A Cl thereinafter mentioned, was referred.

Mr. Baldwin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with, so Hr as relates to the required

Notices required to be given at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of

into a Committee of the tvhole House, upon the Cud Bill. on ,he 30th day of September to

The other Order of the day being read; Petitioners not having determined to apply to Parliament

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole for the purposes mentioned in the Petition until the 28th House, upon the Bill for discontinuing certain Drawbacks of September, and on that day the Notices were sent to and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great several Editors of Newspapers in London for iniertion, but Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in none would undertake to insert the lame (except the

Editor of the Paper above-mentioned) owing to their Papers being full; and it further appeared to the Committee, that Notices were inserted three times in The Vo I- 58. Ee London,

y u * v w k4v/LiJv 1 i u w Ui

leu thereof, for a time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

i,

port on titcriiapel id Petition .’•inmitted,

tafmcur*« . Bill, niuc4

106

18° Decembris.

A. 1802.

London Gazette, -on the 2d, 5th, and 9th days of October That the Bill be committed to Mr.

lad; and that the Committee had examined the matter Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for BetiocV. naturalizing Charles Be/lock, was read a second time. commiued.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Air. Kinnaird, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

afterwards delivered it in at-the Clerk's Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Streets, Lanes, and other public Railages and Places, in the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called the Clink, or Or, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commit*? Bishop of lVinchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, for the re- the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 42d MilluaAft moval of present and preventing of future encroachments, year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An nuisances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new " Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the " England, and for augmenting the Militia," as relates to streets and Passages within the said Liberty, by difeon- the exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Continuing the Passage through Globe Alley, and for shutting gregation from serving in the Militia, be now read.

up in the night-time the way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River fide, was read: Whereby it appeared, that the Commissioners for executing the said Act, were veiled with power to lay out and make and . Complete certain new Streets or Ways therein described, and to widen a certain Lane, called Maid Lane, at the east end thereof, by taking down certain houses and build

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

ings on the south side thereof, and to lay the fides thereof thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

as the said Commissioners should think proper into the said Lane, so as to make the fame of a width proper for the padage of carriages and foot passengers; and the said Commissioners were by the said Act empowered to borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the Rates or Assessments thereby granted, such sum or sums of money as should be thought sufficient for effecting the several . purposes thereby intended.—Then,

Mr. James Carter being examined, said. That the money

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the f:>id Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one j which the said Commissioners are by the said Act em- and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were powered and authorized to borrow, has been found infus- agreed to by the House.

ficient to enable them to make the said new Streets, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be into widen the said Lane, called Maid Lane, and to execute grofled.

the other improvements directed by the said Act to be Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

made within the said Manor or Liberty; and the time Alonday next.;

allowed by the said Act for making the purchases therein

mentioned is elapsed: That it will be of great public con- The ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, tj,.

venience, not only to have one of the new Streets in the Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, woollen said Act mentioned made, and the said Lane, called Maid under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, Tnt,-> Lane, widened and improved, but also to make, improve, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth,

~ so far as the fame relares to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Anti that the Title be.

paired*

and open several other Streets, Ways, and Passages, to communicate with the other parts of the said Liberty, and with the Borough of Southwark :—And,

The Witness further laid, That, for the above purposes

it will be necessary to purchase several of the houses. An Act to suspend, until the Fii ll day of July one tliou-buildings, lands, and parcels of ground mentioned in the said land eight hundred and three. Proceedings in Actions, Act, and also several other houses, buildings, lands, and Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating parcels of ground, which will require a considerable sum to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act ol of money; but such improvements cannot take place and the reign of Queen Elizabeth, lo far as the lame relates be made without powers to make such purchases, and to to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said enable the said Commissioners to borrow such further films Manufacture.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

’ - - J - - non Mi,

of money as may be requisite for those purposes, in a mode different from that prescribed in the said Act; for effecting which it is necessary that the said Rates or Assessments should be increased; and the powers and provisions of the said Act have been found in other respects defective and ing of the ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to insufficient, so that it is necessary that the lame should be enquire and examine into any Irregularities Frauds, and altered, amended, and enlarged. Abuses, which arc, or have been lately pradiled by Per-

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. fons employed in the several Naval Departments therein _ . mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agents, and to

lhe House was moved. That the Report which, upon report such Observations as shall occur to them for pre-, Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the venting such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, in future;

■ f of the several Perr°ns> whose names are thereunto and for the better conducting and managing the business

subsenbed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees Qfthe said Departments, and of Prize Agents, be now for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, Was referred, rea<j.

\jt

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord., intituled, An Act for A To leave out the word " nows» and, at the end of the

JsL jz.___*e fWav. ©a..,.. r^A o c.__________el Question, to add the words, " upon Tuesday the eighth

" day of February next."

- 2 And

naturalizing Francis Theodore Plant amourwas read a second

time.

J11

,5:

, V<

'Vjji

v# liV/* JLJLJL«

i&" dJecembns.

1UY

b:.j,

T.ItT-J!

!!h

:-A£.

rid

:rn;»

v..!a

rrFf-*

*i#

now

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee appointed to Report

And the Question being put, That the word (land part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Biii be now read the third time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the appointment of Clerks and other Officers, and directing their Salaries to be paid out of the enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to

Consolidated Fund.

And the said Clause was brought up, and twice read, with a blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said blank with a certain sum;

ResolvedThat the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Expiring

Laws.

kself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said so muih of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of

Clause.

Tiie House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clanfe, and which they had directed him to

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the " Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors * ot Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, so as such " Prohibition shall not endure beyond the expiration of " &ix weeks from the commencement of the next Session -" of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or " Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to per-" mit, for such limited time, the Importation into Ireland " of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without " Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons " as have acted for the service of the Public in advising or * carrying into execution certain Proclamations of the u Lord Lieutenant and Council of ," as enables the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Gover-report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j nors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was to permit the Importation into of Corn and Fish,

twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty, to by the House. which was continued, by an Act of the last Session of Par-

And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon liament, until the ift day of January 1803, is near ex-ftie Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to piling, and fit to be further continued.

The laid Resolution being read a second time;

RefolThat this House will, immediately, relblve it- Act to be self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of eonl"lere<*-' the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Consider*# Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed '

him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of

of Prize Agency, and to report such Observations as shall His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, " Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors 2nd Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing " of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited time, so as such

or

.. {-O----- J

be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 35. After " Commissioners " to insert " any three of them."

After " Prosecution " to insert <c except " as aforesaid."

After " Persons " to insert " not being " a Member or Members of the House " of Commons."

To leave out from " nominated " to the end of the Clause.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are, or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Aaval Departments therein mentioned, and in the bulinels

1.40.

Pr. 8. 1. n. 1.23.

the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, m future.

" Prohibition shall not endure beyond the expiration of " Six Weeks from the commencement of the next Session * of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or " Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to per--" mit, for such limited time, the Importation into Ireland Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the " of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without >m~:" r ' * Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons

* as have acted -for the service of the Public in advising or " carry into execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Irelandf' as enables the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of

__________ 7 ...... _J__ land, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Com or

mrested him to report to the House; and he read the Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit *7p°rt in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Pro* Wh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where visions whatsoever, without Payment of Dure, which was ‘^Amendments were once read throughout; and then a continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, ’°t. 58. until

Ordered, That Mr. Markham do carry the Bill to the bords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Ordcj, icpuncu num me Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for d if-continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great , and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, for a time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made-to the Bill, and which they had

108 18 —20°

until the iftcfay of January 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be further continued.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Questfon put thereupon, agreed to by the House, ill ordered. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refo-

lution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Nickolas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tram, &cj The ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the ^(Expiring 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, taw.) «* An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth day of Fe-" bruary one thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices * at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from " Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britainwas, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That t he Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the First day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an A<fl, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A<fl for regulating, until the Fifteenth day " of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the " Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported " from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,"and for permitting, from and after the passing

thereof, until the said First day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Deccmbris. A. 1802.

Resolvedtire Bill do p.ifs: And that the Title be.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the 42c! year of the reign of I iis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " defraying the Charge of the Ikiv of the Militia of Ireland,

" until the Twenty-fifth davot Si arch one thousand cig:it <c hundred and three, and for holding Courts Martial on c< Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corpo;ah, and Drummers for " Offences committed during the time Inch Militia shall " not be embodied,0 relative to the K*y ot Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the LortJs, and cl el ire their concurrence.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Comm'ttnf House, upon the Bill for discontinuing, for a time to be limited, certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the bixporta- Biii. * tion of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcaie to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

O'

Iliflt Trovi- Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, t rC* a ^*'1 to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an (Expiring Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Xaw.) Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Rfo'Sed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

' The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committed.

xSecond Expiring Laws Bid, passed.

p, -i ] rectify ;• Miivkelu l.-i'L ’vdiitU Act, suited.

The ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Im- being examined, said. That the Road leading from the

Lunes, 20° die Deccmhris;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP1* Itegis, 1 Go2.

Prayers.

SIR Matthew Bloxam reported from the Committee, M.ii.ntone to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whole names are ‘ thereunto subscribed, being Owners ot Estates within the Western part of the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James

portation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without payment of Duty; to the relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this kingdom j and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, was, according to Order, read the third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

RIaidJione Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidfrone, to the King’s Heart Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent, and leading through the several Parishes of Otham,

and Sutton Valence, in the said County, is in a ruinous condition, and in many parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers; and that it would be a great convenience to

An Act to continue, until the First day of January one the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the fame were thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to properly amended, widened, and kept in repair, the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the 1m- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for reporta tion of Com, and for allowing the Importation of pairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road lead-other Articles of Provision without payment of Duty; to ing from the Maidfionc Turnpike Gate, situate on the the relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to and landing certain Prize Goods in this kingdom; and to the King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle; of Malta.

Ordered, That Mr". Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majest y, intituled, "An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of " the Militia of Ireland until the Twenty-fitth day of March " one thousand eight hundred and three, and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, " and Drummers, for Oficnces committed during the time " such Militia shall not be embodied," relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, was, according to Order, read the third time.

O

Kent: And that Sir Matthew Bloxam and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Holland presented to the House, according to Order, Bin to; a Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers ot an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His present prsfcna Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, and keeping in " repair, the Streets and other public Pafliigesand Pieces,

" within a certain District, in the Parish "of Saint Luke,

" ChelJ'ea, in the County of Middlesex. called Hans 'Town,

" and for otherwise improving the lameAnd the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

.-.I'

v-1

Mr. Strange reported from the Committee, to whom Belloc' the ingrossed Bill from th^ Lords, intituled, An Act for

naturalizin';

43 Geo. III.

20° Decemb.

109

naturalizing Charles Bellock, was committed; That the in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-Comibittee had examined the allegations of the Bill, and, tuled, " An Act for amending the Laws relating to the found the fame.to be true; and that the Committee had " Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia," directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any as relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s separate Congregation from serving in the Militia, Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this house hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

frciTOOUr s Kir 6il!» mortal, and piW-

of

triers of

Mr. Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Theodore Plantamour, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Maltsters residing in the City and County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hardships which the Petitioner's alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty: And praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

in the Militia, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

"An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia " in England, and for augmenting the Militia," as relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading British Sugar of the ingrossed Bill, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks £vr^]Cks’ and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great paired. Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, for a time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act; for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties

on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof,

until the Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the j

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Wford -dt Level

’LwJL

A Petition of the several Persons, whose nariies are there-Pt! unto subscribed (being respectively Proprietors of or interested in Lands in the Middle Level of the Fens, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level) and other places near thereto, on behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Lands lying within the said Middle

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Sugar Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a time to be limited, certain Drawbacks reported, and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di»

Level, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report That, pursuant to the Laws heretofore made for the Drain- in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the age and Preservation of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-within the said Middle Level, or some parrs of the fame, ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, many great and extensive works have been done, and large one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-sums of money have been expended thereon; but that the upon, were agreed to by the House.

T?,j —l-- xxr^.u.,r rv,: u, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfed.

Ordered That the said Bill be read the third time To- ,

morrow.

Rivers, Banks, Drains, and other Works of Drainage, belonging to the said Middle Level, are much choaked up, decayed, and out of repair, and are insufficient for the purpose of draining the fame, and the said Lands are thereby frequently much oppressed and injured by water; 2nd that the Powers and Funds heretofore given and granted for draining and preserving the said Lands, are insufficient to do the works which are now necessary to be

Complaint being made to the House, of an Advertise- Complaint ment, contained in a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The if11111*1 a True Briton, Thursciay, December 16, 1802," relative Ne4V!, Paper'

done: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to to the Petition of William Mainwaring, Esquire, complaining in a Bill for the better Drainage, Preservation, and ' ’ t~.' 1 1

Improvement of the Lands lying within the said Middle kvel, and other Lands near thereto, and for scouring out and improving the several Rivers, Drains, and other works of Drainage, within and through the fame, and for making any new work or works that may be thought necessary for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. BalJzvin,

: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

vnt of im

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-etr. J-0l:iit of the Quantity of Flax and Flaxen Tarn imported into Great Britain, in the ten years ending the 5th January

ing of the undue Election and Return of one of the Members returned to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table; and the said Advertisement was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That, after a Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return to Parliament, has been received by this House, any publication tending to prejudge the merits of the fame, or to influence the minds of the Members of this House previous to the trial of such Petition by a Committee, is a high breach of the Privileges of this House, and a Contempt of its jurisdiction.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the day be now read, other Orders And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for of tJ,e Da)'> the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the 4th

read. Supply deferred.

1802; distinguishing each year, and the Countries from day of February next, resolve itself into the said Com whence imported. mittee.

Mii.1* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways an(i itfti of the ingrafted Bill, to amend so much of an Act, made solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-VOL.58. F f fider

110

20°—21° Decembris.

A. 1802,

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against granted to His Majesty; ' * "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the 4th day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

rrnimitteeon iih Provi-ins Bi

tepoited

- The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be (Expiring limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the Law.) reign of present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment - thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made

certain Clauses contained in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Leave for N* Saturday last, was made from the Committee, to whom tices for the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to put in execution the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the iatne being read accordingly;

Ordered, That in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given three times in some one newspaper, printed or circulated in the County of Surrey, in the pre-

Southwark

Paving-

to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to font month of December, and in the month of January

the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the pUrpofos mentioned in the said Petition.

Agents of Mr. William

relative to T.cgoney

Kicition.

The Lords Hire the 31ft •\eport on finance may coinmu ni-■ ated to thtm.

'opy Tent to iie Lords.

A Petition of Joseph Slack and Matthew Gibson, of Lin- ^<non of coins Inn, Gentlemen, Agents for John Williams, a Petitioner against the lad Election for the Borough of Tv l/c O/lcVy in the County of Cornwall, on behalf of their Client, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Trial a morrow. Petition was prefonted by the Petitioners Client to the

House; complaining of the Election and Return of the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Marquis of Bland ford and Charles Cockerell, Esquire, as Leeds: Burgelfos to forve in this present Parliament for the

Mr. Speaker^ Borough of in Cornwall, and that the House was

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, pleafod to appoint the 5th day of May next for taking the That the Lords do request that this House will be pleafod laid Petition into consideration; and that the Petitioners to communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of the Thirty- received the recognizance of the said John Williams from first Report (relative to the Admiralty, Dock Yards, and Tregoney about four o’clock in the afternoon of Saturday Transports) which, upon the 26th day of June 1798, was last, with instructions to apply to persons in London to be-made from the Select Committee, appointed by this House come his Sureties; and that the Petitioners immediately

~ ~ ’ ufod every exertion in their power in respect thereto, but

were unable to see the persons in sufficient time on that day to prepare and give the usual notice of such Sureties; and that, having yesterday consulted with such Persons,

to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

And then the Messengers withdrew

Resolved, That a Copy of the said Report be communi- who agreed to become such Sureties, the Petitioners applied cated to the Lords, as desired by their Lordships. and obtained the usual Order and Appointment, copies

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. of which, with the usual notices, they on that day left at Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy the house of Charles Cockerell, Esquire; and at theresidence of the said Report was delivered to them, to be communi- of the Marquis of Bland ford, the fitting Members for the

cated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

irion of Vicar, &c. Saint Pan-

5, against

it Giles’s Burial yund Bill.

• A1

Martis, 21° die Decembris;

Anno 43* Georgii III'1* Regis, I'Zoa. Prayers.

PETITION of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the PariOi of Saint Pancras, in the County of Alid-dlesex, the Trustees of the new Burying Ground, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the raft of the Inhabitants of the same Parish, was presented to the Hdufe, and read; taking notice of the Bill for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and letting forth, Tint the said Bill contains divers powers and provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will materiallyaffeft the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying,

laid Borough of Tregoney-, and that, on the lame day, having learnt that the agents for the said Marquis of Bland ford were Meliks. Forjler, Cook, and Freer, of they

left copies of the above Order and Appointment, with the usual notice, this morning; and that the Petitioners have left with the Speaker of this House the recognizance of the said John Williams; and that, on this day, the Petitioners and the Sureties of the said John Williams attended before the Examiners of Sureties to enter into the Recognizance, but that such Examiners deferred the consideration of such Sureties, inasmuch as two clear days had not intervened between the time of giving such notice and the attendance before them; and that the time for entering of the Sureties into Recognizance expires this day: And therefore praying. That such further time may be granted, to enable them to complete the Recognizance of such Sureties, or such other relief, as the House shall think c'.,

proper. C

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That

the time allowed for the said Mr. Williams and his Sureties to enter into the said Recognizance, be enlarged till Mon- tering into, :V7 day next; Kec^- N

It palfed in the Negative. fj

A Petition of Lucius Concannon, Esquire, was prefonted Mr. Concai to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner

i V

-h

Was tion.

y

, t

.n

WJ lteo. ill. 21° Decembris.

Ill

was a Candidate at the last General Election to represent the Town and Port of Seafor in the County of in Parliament; and that soon after the said Election the Petitioner went abroad; and that the Petitioner transmitted from thence a Petition, to be presented to the House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port; and that such Petition was duly presented on the 7th day of December instant, and the Petitioner being informed that it was necefliiry for him to enter into a Recognizance for the due prosecution of such Petition within fourteen days from the presentment thereof, made every effort to return within that time; and that, owing to contrary winds, the Petitioner was detained several days, and did not arrive in London till a late hour last night; and that he has been informed, Ante his arrival, that notice must be given of the time and place of the examination into the sufficiency of his Sureties, of which the Petitioner was before that time entirely ignorant; and that, inasmuch as the Petitioner has been prevented, by accident and want of information, from giving the notices required by the Standing Order of the House, which he is ready to verify, and is now ready and desirous of entering into such Recognizance, with sufficient Sureties for the due prosecution of the said Petition: Therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and, in conformity with the Statute of the 28th of His present Majesty, grant such time to the Petitioner, for the purpose of giving such notices, as to the House shall seem meet.

"fo-he Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the time allowed for the said Mr. Concamon and his Sureties

- unto to enter into the said Recognizance, be enlarged till

-•-‘W) M°nda>' next»

It passed in the negative.

:2ds, The ingrossed Bill for discontinuing, for a time to be

..Sit, limited, certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in Read thereof, was, according to Order, read the third Time.

Rtfolvedf That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from , and for allow-

ing, until the Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, m ’ so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of ^lsPrcfent Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue, until the First day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, lb much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting % Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty Ordered, That Mr, Alexander do carry the Bill to the wds, and desire their concurrence.

"atM' Refolded, That this House will, at the rising of the House

mis day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

' i Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for ap-

' •s.j, pointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act

d this session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

« and Personal Estates, in Wales, and the

, I own of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on

(( ^ugar> Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff', for the service of the

}’"arone thousand eight hundred and three and an Act,

ade in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty,

JDtituled," An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by

, a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of

the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight;"

,. also, one other Act of the same year, intituled, " An Vox,. -s.

"A<d for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and "Purchase in manner therein stated, the several sums of " Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tape for " one year, from the Twenty-fifth day of March one thou-" sand seven hundred and ninety-eight:" And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

9

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Re-sources constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from 25th March 1799 to 25th March 1800, distinguishing,' under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Grols Receipt, the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 25th days of March 1799 and 1800 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said year, together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer, on the 25th days of March 1799 and 1800 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Ke-fourees constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from 25th March 1800 to 1 ft January 1801, distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Grols Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 25th March 1800 and ift January 1S01 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 25th March 1800 and 1 ft January 1801 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of , from ift January

1 Sox to 5th January 1S02; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Grols Receipt, the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the ift day of January 1801 and 5th January 1802 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the ift January 1801 and 5th January 180a respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Officers whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts in Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested on Accounr, and for Extraordinary Services in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

j

r

1

s

!l

Irish Revenue;

Accounts,

ordered.

:i

;i

c

t

L.

1

112

24° Decembris.

A. 1802.

iewberry

iclosure ii!,presented

uckleHiam, :c. JjJc loiare etition.

Veneris, 24° die Decembris;

Anno 43° Georgii III"' Regis, 1802. Prayers.

Silt Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe presented to the House,

according to Ordei-, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Common-1 able Lands and Waste Ground, in in the County of Berks: And the lame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Owners and return for the Borough of Newca in the County of Stafford, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition , according to the directions of an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of 41 the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Mem-*' bers to serve in Parliament."

Ordered,'That the Order, made upon the 13th day of this inltant December, for taking the said Petition into consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th day of April next, be dil’charged.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Electors of EiefWsof the Borough of Tregoney, in the County of Cornwall, who TreSonc>'-petitioned this House upon the 7th day of this inltant December, complaining of an undue election and- return for the said Borough, had not entered into a Recognizance

of Estates, in the several Parishes of BuckleJhnmand Foxhall, jn respect of such Petition, according to the directions of in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present read; setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of

- tT .1 III * 1 nr n s-* i x- 1 1 >i /* %

certain Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole 760 acres or thereabouts, and, if the lame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas TheophilusMetcalfe and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Mem-" bers to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the yth day of this inltant December, for taking the said Petition into consideration upon Thursday, the 5th day of May next, be

discharged.

Account of Fhx, See. imported, (prei’entxd.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Lucius Cancan- Mr. Concaii» non, Esquire, who petitioned this House upon the 7th day

of this inltant December, complaining of an undue election 0 ‘

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector and return for the Town and Port of CIvt/wt/, in the County General of Imports and Exports) attended at the door ;he of had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, made pursuant to their Order, in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-

An Account of the quantity of Flax and Flaxen Yarn tuled, " An Act for the further regulation of the trials of imported into Great Britain, in the Ten years ending the " controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve 5th January 1S02; distinguishing each year, and the " in Parliament."

Countries from whence imported. That the Order, made upon the 7th day of this

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. instant December, for taking the said Petition into confi-

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, deration upon Tiiurfday, the 12th day of May next, be

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this discharged.

Volume.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Thomas Dun- Voters1 m th Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Electors fone, John Wooliett, and John Oulteridge, Inhabitants paying ... *or Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, who voted scot and lot within the Town and Port of Seaford, in the Stirling and

non Petitions,

for Samuel 1Thornton, Esquire, and William Joseph Dcnifon, County of Sussex, and thereby posseffing a right of voting Concar

discharged, Esquire, at the late Election for that place, and other Elec- in the choice of two Barons torepresent the said I own and Tkle&ors of who voted for one of the said Candidates, who peti- Port in Parliament, who petitioned this House upon the

on-Huil t*onec* t^s^u^c upon the 7th day of this inilant Decern- 7th day of this inltant December, complaining of an undue

ber, complaining ot an undue election and return for the election and return for the said Town and Port, had not

said Town or Borough, had not entered into a Recogni- entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition,

zance in respect of such Petition, according to the direc- according to the directions of an Act, made in the 28th

tions of an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regu- " Act for the further regulation of the trials of contro~

" lation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns verted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Par-" of Members to serve in Parliament." " Iiament."

Ordered, lhat the Order, made upon the 13th day of Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 7th day of this this instant December, for taking the said Petition into instant December, for taking the said Petition into confi-consideration upon riiurlclay, the 14th day of April next, deration upon Thursday, the 12th day of May next, be

discharged.

Appendix,

(No. 14.)

(Orders for iconlidering ( certain Elec

be discharged.

Freemen of

Kinglion-

upon-Hull.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Freemen of the Town or Borough of Kingsion-upon-Hu/i, in the East Rid ing of Yorkshire, having had a right to vote at the last Election for the said Town or Borough, who petitioned this House upon the yth day of this instant December, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town or Borough, had not entered into a Recognizance in Tefpeft of such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further regulation of " the trials of contros’erted Elections, or returns of Mem-" bers to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 13th day of this instant December, for taking the said Petition into consideration upon Thursday, the 14th day of April next, be discharged.

Ur. James— Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That

jiXr-Lyme. Esquire, who petitioned this House upon the 7th day of this instant December, complaining of an undue election

riion.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Thomas Evans,

Clerk, an Inhabitant, paying scot and lot within the Town m,-. o Ke and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, and thereby ami i possessing a right of voting in the choice of two Barons to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, who petitioned this House upon the 7th day of this instant December, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town and Port, had not entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the directions of an Act, made in the 28 th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of " the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of " bers to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 7th day of this instant December, for taking the said Petition into consideration upon Thursday, the 12th day of May next, be discharged.

■u

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Edinbu y

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ, for the eieft- Wnt’

ing

A

:o*scf

;':ja

\\J'J '[ d I

.w

<R7 \Jfh.U. All.

24° Decern bris.

113

j, ..fa Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the A Me Page from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords C:ty jf Lainburgh, in ttie room of the Right honourable Popham :'avej£r£c to

t, rv i - —— i \/. -•1 -^ ~ ]vfr Spc i^cr

-v Dundas, now Lord Viscount called up to

ti,e House of Peers.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sl,sar

, \\ ill.

Drjwhcicks

for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the &c. Bill. Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain., and for allowing other Drawbacks and. Bounties in lieu thereof, until the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the

electing of a Commitnoner, to serve in this present Parlia- Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and meat, lor the District of Burghs of Annan, Kirkcudbright, four; without any Amendment: And also,

’ i.... j r __________a ... :, -u , _ t i. i _ i . n*n

rj of

L'lWrt c: w rev,

■iTon* l^DUiw.

fc&n of

- tint! ..-rtf’mcl, c .-lit Malt

Cizi,

Dumpies, Sanwhar, and Lochmaben, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Hope, who, since his election for the said DUriel of Burghs, hath accepted the office of Steward or Baiiilf of His Majesty’s t.hree Chiltern Hundreds of Stcke, Dcjl'orcugh, and Bonsnham, in the County of

Bluing ham.

A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto fubicished, being respectively Owners or Part Owners of British Ships, relidingor being at present within the limits of the Port of Whitby, was presented to the House, and read; containing the like Allegations and Prayer with the Petitions of the Owners or Part Owners of Ships,

residing or being at present within the limits of the Port of London, and other Ports, which were presented to the House upon the totli day of this intlant December.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Maltsters, Brewers, Innkeepers, and Other Inhabitants of the Township of Pontefract, in the County of York, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of the additional Duties upon Malt and Beer, granted by an Act of the last Session of the lad Parliament: And praying relief. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

C.na-fhcn

Ordered, That William Paxton, of Middleton Hall\ in the if Votes County of Carmarthen, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act All^speT5nj to amend an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the Navy Bills. . reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to pro-

" vide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Vic- ;!

" tualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in u future ;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second litiaAft. year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, €t An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in " England, and for augmenting the Militia/’ as relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation from serv.uig in the Militia; without any Amend* meat: And al so.

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the forty-second injh Mimi» year of the reign of ilis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act.

" Act: for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia " of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth day of March one " thousand eight hundred and three, and for holding " Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Smjeants, Corporals,

" and Drummers, for Offences committed during the " time such Militia shall not be embodied," relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporal-, and Drummers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Second Ex-

° n rr . .-j piring JLaw$

to continue, until the first day or January one thousand Bilii

rie j to, Vtx-Ukjcd

excepted to; and that the fitting Member for the County of Carmarthen do, by himself or his agents, within the same time, deliver the like lilts, on his part, to the said Petitioner or his agents.

' Lon-

•pfCittp

The House being informed that Mr. Tyrrell (Remembrancer of the City of London, and Clerk to the West India

eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation the said County, do, by himself or his agents, on or before of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Ar-the First day of February next, deliver to the fitting Mem- tides of Provision without payment of Duty; to the her or his agents, lifts of the Persons intended by the Pe- Relief of Captors of Prizes, with refjxd to the bringing tiliuner to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Mem- and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and ber, giving in tire Lid lifts the several heads ot objection, to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from and distinguishinc the fame against the names of the Voters the Isle of Malta; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A eft to tacihfate, and renuer more easy, the I reimportation ot Offenders; without any Amendment: And aim.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ora"), for continuing, until the First day of July one thousand Expiring eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-lbcond Law.) year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Dock Company) attended at the door; he was called in; " Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth day of‘February acd, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the " one thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at directions of an Act of Parliament, " which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from

A Statement or the progress made by the Lord Mayor, " Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Bri~

Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Louden, in Com- " tain," and for permitting, from and after the passing mon Council assembled, in carrying into execution the thereof, until the said first day of July one thousand eight provisions of the Act of Parliament, passed in the 39th hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Ad Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into " for rendering more commodious, and for better regu- Great Britain from Ireland-, without any Amendment:

" lating the Port of London:" And also. And also,

A Statement of the progress of the Docks and other The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DiiWm,

Morks authorized and directed to be made and done by for reviving and continuing, for five years from the passing B3kin5Bl11' the Directors of the West India Dock Company, in and thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next ScB by die Act of Parliament, passed in the 39th year of His lion of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and " more commodious, and for better regulating the Port County of Dublin, and for indemnifying all Persons who ‘of London:" And also, have acted in pursuance of any of the provisions of the

An Account of all Monies received by or fojr the Weft said Acts, or any of them; without any Amendment:

And also.

(Kx pired J-aw.)

indu: Dock Company, by virtue of the Act of Parliament fcr rendering more commodious, and for better regulating die Port of London, from the 25th day of December 180

to tin the fame.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vo 1. 58.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ma»cliefter for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Roaa:i Bxl1,

4th day of June 1S02; and also of the application powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the

reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving " the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a place called " The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the " Town of Rochdale-, and also the Road from the said " place called Thej White Smithy, by a place called BeJJ'es

C g "

114

24°—27° D

A. 1802.

*e of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, and also the Road proving, the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike from the said place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe Gate, situate on the Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the

rs * / i ir . i 1 ii \ r> i . r . r * T> * A- - TI__A T___* C

Vidmerpcol tuclosure Ml.

Olney i IncloiUre Bill.

Bridge-, and also the Lane called Sheepfoot -in the " Township of Prejhvich, all in the County Palatine of " Lancaster," so far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called ‘The Manchester District; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields,

Parish of Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Hofch’s Nat. Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Harwich Cleric of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the Wm* Meadows, Failures, Commonable and Waste* Lands, in electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament the Parish of Widmerpool, in the County of Nottingham; for the Borough of Harzvich, in the County of in

without any Amendment: And also, the room of John Robinson, Esquire, deceased.

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, two certain pieces Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Gatton Writ, or parcels of Land or Ground, called or known by the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the several names of TJ,hePafure, and Doggett's Furze, situate electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament in the Parish of Ohiey, in the County of Buckingham; for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the without any Amendment: And also^ room of Dafiwood, Esquire, who, since his election

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward for naturalizing Isaac Hofch; without any Amendment: of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County

And also, of Berks.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

H.

kiNavy Regula- _ ___

fitiou Bill* with r w

Amendments, for appointing Commimoners to enquire and examine

'fj into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or

jif] have been practised by Persons employed in the several

A Mefl’age from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys The Lords and Mr. Ord: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act rrish Sugar

Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business pQr ffifoontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the ?ra^,ck$» of Prize Agency, and to report such observations as shall Exportation of Sugar from Ireland% and for allowing, until &c> B

Ui ? h

Day appointed fbrcoiifidering Amendments.

occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill, be taken into consideration upon Monday next.

i Land Tax, &c.

Commission-• ers Bill, pre-/emed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, " in England, Wales, and the Town Benvick-upon-Tweed,

" and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff", * for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred " and three;" and an Act, made in the 38th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be " raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one " thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight;" and also, one other Act of the same year, intituled, "An Act for the Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Irlth Provt-to continue, until the First day of January one thousand fi°/£ eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the 1 ilw.j forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from of

Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Godmanchrf for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecester, otherwise Godman-chefer, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ter Inclosur. Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Lords Amem consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the j Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to Biitagrecdt and

enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or

-I

the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hun- such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing

dred and ninety-eightAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Luna, 27°

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802, Prayers.

I a!ldetm>bring ORDERED, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentle-

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to die King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and im-

Pr.

in Miiidftone ] Road Bill,

BUI presented.

such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 14. After " specifying" insert " the nature " of."

Pr. 4. i. 20. Leave out from " appointed" to " and, " in line 26.

After " oath" insert " or, affirmation of " persons being Quakers."

After " oath" inlert " or affirmation." After "shall" insert "wilfully."

After " possession" leave out " or;" and, in the fame line, leave out from the second " or" to " or," in line 34, and insert " power, and which he, Ihe,

" or they, shall have been required by " such summons to produce."

After "1 worn’’insert "or, being Quakers,

" shall refuse to affirm;" and, in the fame line, after " sworn" insert " or,

" being Quakers, having affirmed."

1. 39. Leave out " lawful."

Pr, 6. 1. 28. Leave out from " Aft" to " And," in

Press 7.

V -T

1. 40.

1. 41. 1. 12. 1. 24.

1. 3S-

• Q

‘•h,

fc),; V,

ick

onW.it,

Lorfj

pr-n-i-lirj

W&

JL

4Q AjrKO. 111.

27°—28°—29°

115

Qlause (A.)

Prcls 7. line 5. and insert " or to w make such production as aforesaid, " as the case may beand also insert Clause (A.)

Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That no Person shall be " compellable to answer any Question,

Martis, 28° die Decembris;

Anno 430 Georgii III. M Regis,

802.

Pr. 7. 1. 31.

Prayers.

The House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker^ it appeared that forty Members were not present; or to produce any Account Book, yet, it being Four of the clock, Mr. Speaker took the " Paper, or Writing, the answer to Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it ap-" which, or the production of which, pearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker " may criminate, or tend to crimi- adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till " nate such Person, or to expose such Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Person to any pains or penalties."

House

adjourned,

Ft. 10. 1.11.

After " oath" insert " or, being Quakers, " upon affirmation."

After " Parliament" insert * in lo far " as the same shall not be altered, " varied, or repealed by any A Cl to " be passed in this present Session of " Parliament."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Markham do carry the Bill to the

Mercurii, 29° d Decembris;

Anno 43* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1802.

WTa* Corcmif. *1 Bill, ■Gained.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Afleai

Black Rod: t0BUl8<

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed million, for declaring His Royal AlTent to several Acts to the Amendments made by their Lordships. agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate

, attendance of this Honourable House in the House of

The other Order of the day being read; Peers, to hear the Commission read.

The Bill for appointing^Commissioners for putting into Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to

the House of Peers.

And being returned;

----- Ai O A

execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An ACI for continuing and granting to His Majesty a

" Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in Mr Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tthe LoJs by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, mission afore.mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, for the serv.ee of the year one thousand eight hundred where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, and three; and an ACI, made in the 38th year of the dedari and notifying, the Royal AlTent to the several

reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ACI for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be " raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one " thousand seven hundred and ninety-eightand also, one other ACI of the fame y..ar, intituled, " An ACI for

Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent,

, ,. , j o u r His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal

making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase Hi lm/fs the Duke of Suffix, His Royal Highness the

m manner therein stated, the several lums of Money Dlfke of His Royal Highness the Duke of

now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Gl the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and

Ms*

to

Lifts

bu

" year, from the Twenty-fifth day of March one thousand " seven hundred and ninety-eight," was read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday tire 15th day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other -cif. Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, ■i&mtj, of the names of Commissioners for executing the said Acts, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House of the 31 ft day of May 1786, relative to delivering in Lists of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax ■Act, might be read.

And the fame were read accordingly; and are as fol-Joweth; viz.

u " Resolved, That, for the future, every Lift of Com-

((JP'ffioners for executing any Land Tax Ad shall be de-, J.lvered in, signed by the Member delivering in the fame; that the said Lift be carefully kept

lions to de« Tin rad.

notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Pelham, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four:

An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the Fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Ad to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, " Victualling, and Transport Bills, that shall be issued in " future:"

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are, or have been pradiled by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business

- the said Lift be carefully kept by the

Officer to whom the same shall be intruded; and that cp \ , ~,r _ --

person whatever do presume to make any alteration of Pn" Agency and to report.such.Observatton, aS shall "UtUft, without the Order of this House, orof a oocurtothemfor preventing such Irregularmcs, Frauds, Committee thereof" and Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing

" Resolved, That every Member delivering in such Lift Jhe/.buf, ness of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency,

V,

°‘. 58.

in future:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the " Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia," as And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any fepa-Morning, Ten of the clock. rate Congregation from serving in the Militia:

, H at the time of the delivery thereof, sign and de-« ,!ver a duphcate thereof, which duplicate should be kept upon a file, open to the inspection of any Member of this House."

An

116

20° Decent hr is—3° Febucirii.

A. 1802-3.

lit

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the called King's Heath, within the Tything of in

forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, the Parish of Chipping in the County of

intituled, "An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of was presented to the House, and read $ setting forth, That

the Militia of Ireland until the Twenty-fifth day of *■ March one thousand eight hundred and three, and for " holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, " Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed " during the time such Militia shall not be embodied," relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers: An Act for continuing, until the First day of July one •thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth day " of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be ex-" ported trom Great Britain to , and Irom Ireland to

" Great Britain," and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said First day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed

there are within the said Ty things several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Places and Waste Lands, which, in their present situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; but, if divided into specific lharcs and allotments, great advantage would arise to the Proprietors:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir 1 Theophilus Metcalfe and Mr. George Vanfittarl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Boffiney Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elect- Wnu in£ of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for

P:

And then the House adjourned till Thursday the 3d day of February next. Ten of the clock in,

Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation the Borough of BoJJiney, in the County of , in the

of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland: room of John Hiley Addington, F.iquire, who, since his elec-

An Act to continue, until the First day of January tion for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present County of Berks.

Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment ot Duty:

An Act to continue, until the First day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty; to the relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this King-

the Morning.

Jovis, Ci° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP'* Eegis, 1803.

Prayers.

dom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to f\RDERED, That Mir. Speaker do issue his warrant to IpfwkliWr and from the lile of Malta: the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for

An Act to facilitate, and render more easy, the Trans- the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parlia-

oi

portation of Offenders: ment for the

An Act for reviving and continuing, for Five years in the room from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of ceased. the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of His present Majesty, lor

Borough of IpJlV ich, in the County of

Charles Alexander C, Esquire, de-

the provisions of the said Acts, or any of them:

, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg-

O' 00

ing the powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for 44 more effectually lepairing, widening, altering, and im-" proving, the Hoad from the Town of Manchtfer, by a -c place called The White Smithy, in the Township of " Cnimpfaito the Town of Rochdale \ and also the Road from the said place called The White Smithy, by a place " called Bijjcs of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said place called BeJJes of the Barn to " Radchjfe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheeffoot Lane, w in the Township of Trejhdch, all in the County Pala- tine of Lancasterfo far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester Dish iti:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of IVidmerpool, in the County of Nottingham: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Two certain Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, called or known by the several names of The Paf ure and Doggetf s Furze, situ-ate in the Parish of Olney, in the County of Buckingham: An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Petition of . execution an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of,

more effectually amending, and cdterand

keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Wor refer, through Droitzvich, to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Brom[grove, in tire County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whose names are subscribed, being Inhabitants rehding upon or in the vicinity of the first-mentioned Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of the said Act, which, if passed into a Law in its present form, will be prejudicial to many of the Petitioners, and highly injurious to the Community at large; and that the necessity for some of the provisions in the said Bill has arisen from a much larger sum having been expended upon the Roads from Nether tcick Bridge, through Hampton Lane, to Low Hill, than was directed by the said Act, and no provision is made in the said Bill to prevent ftilLfarther expenditure on the said Road, which is unproductive in its revenue, and of little use to the Public \ and that by the existing Act, a preference was directed to be given to the Road leading from Bromsgrove to Worcester, on account of its great general importance, but the direction so given has not been complied with, the said Road having Been fullered to decay, notwithstanding its revenues have been much more than

Droitwich Roads Bill«

" -4

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-' sufficient to keep it in ample repair, and to pay the wjiole monable Plaees, within the Parish of Gumecester, otherwise of the interest of the Money borrowed; and that it is pro-

posed by the said Bill to add to the Tolls of such last mentioned part of the Hoads, and to make no addition to the Tolls of the less productive branches thereof; and that the

Godmanchester ,in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Theodore Plant amour: An Act for naturalizing Charles Bellock:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Hojch.

C'dppiilg

Laniborne

Inclosure

pcLLUU.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others.

proposed repeal of certain restrictiens against erecting gates nearer to the Chapel on the Bridge in the Borough of Droitwich than where the present gates now Hand, if carried into effect, would be of little comparative advantage

Proprietors of thcLands within the Town Tything of Lam- to the Public, and would be particularly oppressive to borne, and also certain Walle or Commonable Lands many Individuals > and that the said Bill, if passed into a <* Law

Di< :ed by

43 Geo. III.

3° Februari.

lit

Law in its present form, will in many other respects be Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, tourfuant very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or junior, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Langton, do prepare, agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their and bring in, the lame.

rights and interests, and for relief. . I

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi- A Petition of several of the Trufrees for putting in exe- chard K<»4d deration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for conti- cution an A dr, made in the 2 xft year of the reign, of H<s p<tu, on nuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in re- Town of to the South end of Weft Moot, and from

pair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droit- the Weft end of the Turnpike Road, through //-

hoick, to Spadefbourne Bridge,• within the Parish oSNBronip- mister, to: and, from the Weft end of Pease

grove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.’ f Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Mnrjh Lane to Horton Elni, and from . Saint Pane Hill to Ilmijlet,"nri(\ from' Wl.'iie Crop to and from a place called Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to

Bridge Crop', in the ’County of Somerset, was presented to the Hofife, hnd read; setting forth, That the Trustees have mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fame proceeded in* the execution, of the said Act, and have boi>

tirne, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed;

(rirrifftoo, A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Mef-t Mofnre fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in l "M‘ the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and

rowed considerable sums of money,'at interest, upon the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; that the said Roads are not yet repaired, and that the said Act, and the powers thereby given, are in many respects defective, and the Tolls insufficient; and that, unfefs such defects are amended, the said Tolls increased, and the term and powers of the said Act altered and enlarged, the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the money borrowed be

read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes repaid, and it would greatly facilitate the execution of the several Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, Doles, and Waste purposes intended by the said Act, if the fame was repealed. Lands, containing by estimation 900 acres or thereabouts, and further and better provisions made by a new Act; and and lying open to each other, which, in their present state, that it would be not only of great convenience to the neigh* yield very little profit, but, if divided and allotted untd bourhood, but also of great benefit to the Public at large, and amongst the persons interested, might be inclosed, cul- if the Road leading from the fide of the said Turnpike tivated, and improved: And therefore praying, That leave Roads, at the Crols Keys Inn, in the Parish of Ajbill, to the may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. Catharine Wheel Gate in Ashill, in the said County of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant Somerset, which is now much out of repair, and cannot be to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas effectually amended by the Laws now in force, were in.-Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and eluded in the same Act, and made part of the said Turn?

tot

ickfart

Irc&tb

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Dickinson, Esquire, Richard Ford, Cleric, join Jerritt, Esquire, Edmund Clerk, Ben-

jamin Summers, Hugh Penny, William Yorke, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the County of Somerset, certain Open or

Commonable Lands and Fields, containing together, by estimation, 470 acres or thereabouts; and it will be of great benefit and advantage to all persons interested, if the fame were properly divided, exchanged, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

pike Roads, to be amended, widened, and kept in repair, by virtue thereof: And therefore praying. That leave may bp given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

iSPmott

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset, certain Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields, containing in the whole, by estimation, 220 acres

■:^ead

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Somerton an*

unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts here- Martotk-

inafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; p«ifion.

L;7r*"JW tT'V'*" setting forth. That an Act was passed in the iftyear of the

.^.junior, and Mr. Gore Langton, do prepare, and bnng reign of His present Majesty> fOT repairing aJ widening

’ e* the Roads from Dyed to Somerton, and from Gawbridge

to Tint inhull Fords, and from a stream of water called Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset, the term and powers of which were enlarged by an Act of the 23d year of the reign of His present Majesty; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have

..... . ^ proceeded to put the fame into execution, and have for

or thereabouts; and it would be of great benefit and ad- that purpose borrowed several considerable sums of money vantage to the persons interested, if the fame were divided j if credit of the 1 oils authorized to be taken on the and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be *a*d Roads, which full remain due, and cannot be paid offt given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. nop fan th.e said Roads properly amended, improved

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant and kept in repair, unless the term granted by the said to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dic'kin- Acts be further continued, and some of the powers and /".junior, xMr. Dickinson, and Mr. Gore Langton, do pre- Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls in-1 - creased; and that it would be a great convenience to the

neighbourhood, and of public utility, if a new Road was made from a place called Hurst Bow, in the Parish of Mar-interested in a Common Meadow, called Petherton Broad- tock aforesaid, through part of the same Parish, unto, and npd, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, through a common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, that there is in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County through the Town and Parish of South Petherton, in the said of Somerset, a certain Open and Common Meadow, called County, unto and through the several Parishes of Shep.

"ftherton Broadmead, and it would be beneficial to the par- ton, Beauch, and Barrington, in the said County, to the

tIes concerned if the fame were divided, and specific parts Turnpike Road leading from llminster to Langport, in the or shares thereof allotted to and amongst the persons in- laid County, and from the Town of South Petherton through tatfted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and , to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid, in the said Ctmnty, to a place called Whitecross, in the said

V«~J8. ’ Hh _ Parish

Pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, and Persons

118

3° Febtuariv

A. 1803.

Parish of Ltpen: And therefore praying. That leave may last, for taking the said Petition into confederation upon he given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee *. And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton,

Tuesday, the ift day of March next, be discharged.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered That the Debate be adjourned till Monday next. »'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Papers re.

&c: And they are . to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of a Letter from Lord Macartney and the Council of th*

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

row

lie and: ford Road tioiu

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two Acts, the one palfed in the 2d year of the reign of His ■present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and

Saint George to the Supreme Council of Bengal,

May, 26th 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a better from Lord Macartney and the Council of. Fort Saint ' George to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated January 24th 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

, 1 Carnatic, dated ordered.

keeping in repair, the Road from the South end of Spar- of a Letter from Lord Macartney and the Council of Fort row's Herne, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns Saint George to the Court of Directors of the India

of Watford, Berkhamjled, Saint Peter's, and string, in the Company, dated December ift 1784.

County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike - Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Berks; of a Letter from Lord Macartney to the Court of Direc-and £he other, palfed in the 23d year of the reign of His tors of the East India Company, dated July 17th

laid'present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers 1783, with fourteen Enclosures.

of the said first-mentioned Act, was presented to the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees ap* of a Letter from Lord Macartney to the Court of Direc-pointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded tors of the East India Company, dated Deal, January 8th to put the fame in execution, and have borrowed a con- 1786, with its Enclosures.

fidcrable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy authorized to be taken, which cannot be repaid, nor the of a Minute of Lord Hobart and the Council of Fort Saint said Roads be sufficiently improved and kept in repair, George, dated October 24th 1795.

■unless the term of the said Acts is continued, and some of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, of a Minute of Lord Hobart and the Council of Fort Saint and some further Tolls granted: And therefore praying, dated November 24th 1795.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ai Copy aforesaid. of Lord Clive's Minute, transmitted to the Court of Di-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- retftors of the East India Company in March 1800.

federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lambs, &c.:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Halting* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the Wnt‘ electing of a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of HaJUngs, in the County of Sussex, in the room

for

;on lide ring ^lr. Ogle's { Petition, Hifcharged.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of v J ? ’ ki t 7r7 u 7 2C Z7h,

c,-. a .> n u j t i> * of the Right honourable Lord Glenbervte, who, since his I /f E, , Sf =Chambers and have Power to , fli f£ [he p ,lth ted the offi(;e of Sur.

fend for persons, papers, and records. yeyor General of His Majesty's Woids and Forettr.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Henry Meade A Petition of the thereundersigned Candidate and Bur- Midhurst^ Ogle, of the Town of Drogheda, Esquire, who petitioned gageholders of the Borough of in the County of pftitiJnof •-

this House upon the 26th day of November last, com- SuJ/ex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting Burgage-plaining of an undue election and return for the County forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in *c‘ s. of the Town of Drogheda, had not entered into a recog- this present Parliament for the Borough of nizance in respect of such Petition, according to the direc- the County of Sussex, in the room of Samuel Smith, Esquire, tions of an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of Thomas Holt White, and Edmund Tumor, Esquires, were,

Candidates j and that the right of ele<ftion for the said Borough is in the Burgage-holders inhabiting there; and f:'

that the said Edmund Tumor did not, at the said election

and hath not fence, delivered in writing, according to Law*

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or " returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 13th day of

December last, for taking the said Petition into considera- his qualification in estate, although at the said e!e<ftion tion upon Tuesday, the ift day of March next, be dii- he was duly required so to do, whereby the said Edmund i| charged. , Tumor is absolutely disqualified and ineligible to serve in

m Parliament on that election; and that at and during the

Debate on Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That Bartho- said election Surtees the Bailiff ai:d Returning VabTe'peti- lomew Partington Fan Homerigh, one of the Electors of the Officer the said Borough, was guilty of gross and scan-

ion of" Elec- Town and County of the Town of Drogheda, whe peti- dalous partiality in favour of the said Edmund; and 1 \eda°f Dl°S" b°ned this House upon the 26th day of November last, that the said TJmas Holt White tendered to the said Surtees djourned. complaining of an undue election apd return for the said Sivinburn a notice in writing, that the said Edmund Tumor Town, had, together with two sureties, entered into a re- was, for the'reasons therein set forth, disqualified to serve cognizance in Ireland, in respect of such Petition, which in this present Parliament on that election, and that all

recognizance had been left with Mr. Speaker, but that the validity of such sureties had not, for want of due notice to the fitting Member, or his agents, been examined and approved of in the usual manner.

The House was moved, That the said Act, made in the

votes given to him would be thrown away and loft; but the said Surtees Swinburnrefilled to allow such notice to be

read to the Eledors assembled, and returned the lame unread; and that, on taking the shew of hands, the said Surtees Swinburn openly declared, that the numbers were

18th year of the reign of His present Majesty, might be twenty to three in favour of the said Edmund Tumor -, and read. that the said Thomas Holt White then demanded a poll.

And the fame was read accordingly. which was granted; and that, immediately thereupon,

The House was also moved, That the entry ,in thp three good and unquestionable Voters of the said Borough Journal of the House, of the 1 i th day of February 1789, tendered themselves to vote for the said Thomas Holt White, of the Resolution of the House relating to the recogni- but, at the instance of the counsel and agents of the said zances mentioned in the said Ad, might be read. Edmund Tumor, the said Surtees Swinburn refilled to receive

And the same being read accordingly; their votes, or to proceed with the election, and said

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, would adjourn the election to the next day; and that-it That the Order, made upon the 13th day of December vyas, then Only between the hours of. twelve o’clock at

nogn

’t

.'■fit

dO VJfiU* All.

3" FebruariL

119

noon and one o’clock, and, as all the legal Electors were White, and no vote was given or tendered for the said then and there personally present, the poll might have Edmund Tumor, and although thereupon the said Thomas. been taken and concluded in two hours at the utmost from Holt White claimed to be returned, and although, when that time; and that the said Thomas Holt White objected the poll was actually taken, all the votes received for the to such adjournment, unlefWome sufficient cause could be said Edmund Tumor were fraudulent and occasional, and shewn, or good reason given, for the fame, and publicly although upon such poll the said Thomas Holt White had a protested against such adjournment; but the said Surtees majority of legal votes, and ought to have been returned: Swinburn answered, that no reason need be given, and And therefore praying the House to take their Petition a(ked the counsel and agents of the said Edmund Tumor into consideration, and to grant them such relief in the if they wished him to adjourn, to which they answered, that prftnifes as to the House shall seem meet, they did wish him to adjourn; and thereupon the said Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera-Surttis Swinburn adjourned immediately, declaring that action upon Thursday, the 2d day of June next, at Three good dinner was a better thing than a poll; and that the of the clock in the Afternoon.

before-mentioned three legal Voters again, and before such adjournment took place, demanded to poll, and tendered themselves to vote for the said Thomas Holt White, and were denied, and the said Surtees Swinburn then adjourned to the next day, against the will and. consent of the Petitioners, and subject to such1 protest as aforesaid, and without assigning any further reason, and without any person having voted, or tendered himself.to vote, for the said Edmund Tumor; and that the said adjournment was made by the said Surtees Swinburn with a corrupt design, and in order to afford time and opportunity to the friends and

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were lent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by theml'elves,-their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or Warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

agents of the said Edmund Turnor to make fraudulent and thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of illegal conveyances, and thereby to create divers new, frau- the matter of the said Petition.

dulent, and occasional Burgage-holders in the interest of the said Edmund Turnor, to the great wrong and injury of the Petitioners, and to the diiherifon and destruction of thereat privileges and franchises of the legal Electors of the said Borough; and that the next day the said Surtees Swinburn admitted 00 the poll the names of the three persons whose votes he had the day before refused, when tendered for the said Thomas Holt White, as already stated, and without impeaching or questioning their right to vote as

Mr. Corry presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimates of

Command, ‘ c'Seouf*

An Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of services in Dublin, for one year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January Ireland, 1804: And also, pieene

An Estimate of the probable Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th'

January 1804: And also,

Burgage-holders, and without any objection being raised Estimate of the Expence of apprehending public Often-to them by the counsel or agents of the said Edmund ders in Ireland, for one year, to 5th January 1804: And

Tumor; and that the said Surtees Swinburn corruptly and also,

knowingly admitted many bad, illegal, fraudulent, and Estimate of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and occasional Voters, to poll for the said Edmund Turnor, and other Law Proceedings of Government, in Ireland, for one

publicly advised and recommended to them not to answer year, to 5th January 1804: And also,

any questions which might be put to them by the counsel Estimate of the Expence of publishing Proclamations for the said Thomas Holt White, relative to their title deeds and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette and other news-or claims to vote, although the said Surtees Swinburn had papers in Ireland, for one year, ending 5th January 1804: Been formally warned of the illegality, and penal confe- And also,

quencesof such conduct; and that the said Surtees Swin- Estimate of the Expence of printing and binding 250 bunt rejected the vote of one legal Elector who tendered copies of the Acts of the third Session of the United his vote for the said Thomas Holt White, and received parol Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland: And also, evidence, to impeach his title, from Electors who, on the An Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and.' recommendation of the said Surtees Swinburn, when they other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries polled, had refused to answer any questions, or give any Offices and Apartments, and other public Offices in Dublin account of their own titles or right; and that all or most Castle, &c. and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences of the votes polled for the said Edmund Turnor were frau- of the Deputy Purluivants and Extra Messengers attending dulent and occasional, and were given for burgage tene- the said offices, for one year, from 5th January 1803 to

5th January 1804: And also,

Estimate of the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents, for one year, to 5th January 1804: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of building Law Offices in Ireland, in the year ending 5th January 1804: And also, Estimate of the probable Expenditure at His Majesty’s

ments, of whose descriptions and situations the Voters in respect thereof were wholly ignorant; and that the fame Burgage tenements were conveyed to such Voters for election purposes merely, and that no consideration was paid or given by them for the fame, nor did such Voters take My bond fide or beneficial interest under such conveyances.

But such conveyances were made upon a private confi- Gold Mine at Croaghan, in the County of Ireland,

dence, secret understanding, or honourable engagement, to from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804: And also, cancel or deliver up such conveyances, or to re-convey the Estimate of the Expence of printing 1,500 copies of an tenements comprized in them to the grantors forthwith Index to the Acts of the 39th and 40th of Geo. HI. being after the election, in manifest violation of the freedom of the two laffc Sessions of the Parliament of Ireland: And elections, and to the debauching of Parliament, and thereby also,

to the destruction of the Government and Constitution of Estimate of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen these realms; and that at and before the said election, and and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, for promoting and wnh a view thereto, the said Edmund Turnor, contrary to encouraging the said Manufactures, for one year, from 5th fte Statutes of this realm, and in defiance of the Standing January 1803 to 5th January 1804: And also,

Orders of the House, was, by himself and his agents, Estimate of the probable Expence of the Board of First.

of bribery and treating; and that by these and Fruits in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1803 to divers other illegal and unwarrantable practices and evil 5th January 1804: And alto,

devices, by himself and his agents, and by divers corrupt An Estimate of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration agreements, the said Edmund Turnor procured himself to of several public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary j* returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said trouble in the year 1803.

Borough of Midhurfi, although, when and before the said And the Titles were read.

wtees Swinburn adjourned the poll, with such illegal and , That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table,

corrupt design as before stated, three good and unquef- The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to

honable Voters offered their votes for the said Thomas Holt this volume.

V°i- 58. ’ A Petition

Apptn

(No.

12Q

3’ Februarii.

A.

ions retag Mif-aeous ces in jkL

A Petition of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Pr-otestant Schools in Ireland: And also, A Petition of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests: And also,

A Petition of the Association incorporated for discoun-

ing, cleansing, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of , in the County of Sligoi for establishing a nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving, and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof.

tenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Prac- certain powers were veiled in persons therein named, which tice of the Christian Religion; And also, have proved inadequate to the purposes intended by the.

A Petition of the Governors and Governesses of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That leave may be given Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin: to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act of the 3d year

And also, of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Port

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry, and Harbour of Sligo, and for repealing the said Act of the

Dublin: And also, 40th year of His present Majesty, and for making better

A Petition of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and in Dublin: And also, improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better

A Petition of the Governors of the Hibernian Marine Society: And also,

A Petition of the Right honourable and Honourable the Governors and Guardians of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder-signad, on behalf of themselves and others, Directors of the f¥ejl mar land Lock Hospital in Dublin: And also,

A Petition of certain Persons, Trustees of the House of Recovery, or Fever Hospital, in Cork Street, Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry,

Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth: And also,

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages, in the City of Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and profit, but, if inclosed and divided, and allotted amongst lighting, the City of Dublin: And all'o, the persons interested, the fame might be rendered highly

A Petition of the Dublin Society for promoting Huf- productive: And therefore praying, That leave may be bandry and other useful Arts in Ireland:And also, given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

A Petition of the Farming Society of Ireland, being Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant severally offered to be presented to the House; to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ormsby

And Mr. Corry (by His Majesty’s command) having, and Mr. Alexander do prepare, and bring in, the lame, as they were severally offered to be presented, acquainted

regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour ' thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ormsby, Mr. Corry, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Garriftown unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Gin the County of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said Parish are-situate certain commons and waste grounds, called the Bog and Commons of Garrijloivn, which, in their present slate, yield but little

A Petition of the Royal Canal Company, was presented Petition of to the House, and read; setting forth. Tint by His Majesty’s Royal Letters Patent, bearing date at Dublin the iff p*ny, Dubii day of October, in the 29th year of His Majesty’s reign, the said Royal Canal Company were incorporated for the ing the annual Expence of their several Institutions, purposes therein mentioned; and that an Act, passed in 'as to the House should leem meet. Ireland in the 29th year of the reign of His present Majesty,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to for the promotion and encouragement of Inland Naviga-

the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of their contents, recommended them to the consideration of the House;

The said Petitions were severally brought up, and read; praying for such further Aid towards defray-

Kftimates relating toD°,

ordered.

tion, whereby the Petitioners became entitled to divers rights and privileges, and subje<fl to divers regulations therein respectively mentioned; and that other Acts passed in Ireland in the 30th and 38th years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the said Royal Canal

Sligo Harbour aiui Paving Fftiiiuii.

lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimates of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland; the Commissioners of Charitable Donations; the Afibciation for discountenancing Vice, and Company; and that the Petitioners proceeded to carry promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian the said Acts into execution, but that material inconve-Religion in Ireland; the Female Orphan House in Dublin; niences have arisen from the moll minute affairs of the said the Penitentiary House in Dublin for young Criminals; Company being, under the provisions of the said Acts, the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; the Hibernian Marine necessarily submitted to the Company at large, whereby Society; the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children; the the decision and promptitude indispensible in managing Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin-, the Fever Hospital their various and complicated concerns is wanting; and in Dublin; the House of Industry in Dublin; the Estab- that the Petitioners conceive a feled number of Directors lishment of the Seminary at Maynooth; the Commissioners chosen annually and freely by ballot out of the said Com-of Wide Streets in Dublin; the Corporation for paving, pany, subject to such restrictions and regulations as shall lighting, and cleansing, the Streets of Dublin', the Dublin feeni meet, would be a much more effectual body for the Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in management and controul of the affairs of the said -Ireland; and the Farming Society; for one year, to the pany, the said Directors being made responsible for their 5th Day of January 1804. conduct during the time they shall have been in office, to

the said Company at half-yearly general meetings to be A Petition of the Corporation for improving the Town held for the purpose; and that, in order to give due

and Harbour of Sligo, and of the Merchants, Traders, and weight to proj>erty in regulating the concerns of the said

other Inhabitants, of the said Town of Sligo, in the County Company, the number of votes which any person shall of Sligo, was presented to the House, and read; setting have the power of giving, either in his own right or as forth, That by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland proxy for another, should, as the Petitioners conceive, be in the 3d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George increased, but, to avoid monopoly, the number of votes in the Second, for cleansing the Ports,-Harbours, and Rivers, every such case should be limited; and that several Bre-of the City of Cork, and the Towns of Galway, Sligo, laws heretofore made for the regulation of the said Com-Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballast-office in pany, having been found by experience highly useful and the said City, and each of the said Towns; and by one conducive to the interests of the said Company, the said other Act, made, in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Bye-laws^would prove more operative, and- be acted upon ‘

, year of the reign of. His present Majesty, for paving, light- with,' more effect, if passed into Law by an Act of the

Legislature

vl

'--iff

Aj

10.

IV

v-^ *-* v

o I'conianu

Le^iflaturc; and that a power ofadministering oaths to the Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads lead-

persons in the employment of the said Company, binding :— ...... -~J -----L :,j:-----—

them to a faithful discharge of their duties, and of requiring and taking security from them to the fame effect, and of requiring and taking security from the owners of boats on the canal for the faithful delivery of all goods committed to their care, and that such boats should not injure the works of the said Company, and that such boats should be rendered, to ascertain their respective owners, would be regulations highly conducive to the interests, and afford also rebuilt a Bridge over the River , and made proper mod ialutary protection to the property of the said Com- and convenient avenues to the fame, as directed by the par.y; and that the Petitioners, as well as the kingdom at said Act:; and that, in carrying the purposes of the said large, will derive essential benefit from the defects above- Act into execution, very considerable sums of money have mentioned, in the management and regulations of the said necessarily been expended, and particularly in rebuilding

ing from the City of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious, and for building a Bridge over the River Exe at or near Count efs Wear, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Act, have widened, amended, and repaired, the several Roads therein mentioned, and have

Company, being remedied, and in the altering and amending the said Acts, they having been found in several re-speds defective: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

such Bridge, and making such avenues as aforesaid; and

jWj

A

ft

tKoad

'•’tv:?

frnl

frit*

that, by reaion thereof, and of the great extent of the said Roads, being above 160 miles, and the increased price ctf labour, added to the difficulty and expence of procuring, materials in several parts of the fame, the said Roads in general cannot be kept in such a state of repair as the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to iafety and convenience of the Traveller and the' Laws of

them, to the House: this kingdom require, and in some parts are become so

And it is referred to Mr. John Claudius Beresford, Mr. ruinous that they cannot, by any means, be repaired by Onnfiy, Scc.:And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at the present resources of the Trull; and that the Peti-Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have tioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, from time to Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. time, taken up large sums of money on the credit of the

Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads; but that A Petition of the Trustees of the high Road from the said Act having limited the interest of the sums bor-Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the rowed to £. 4. per cent, the Petitioners have no prospect of same County, and from thence to Pierjbridge, on the River being able to raise any additional sums for the repair of the Tees, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, laid Roads at that rate of interest; and that the Peti-

That three Acts were made in the 16th and 22d years of tioners find it will require a sum not less than £. 12,000

the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to put the said Roads in good and proper repair, and that 24th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Tolls and Duties already granted will be greatly the said Road (being one of the high Roads from London inadequate to the discharge of the interest of the monies

to Edinburgh); and that, by virtue of the powers given now due and owing on the credit of the said Acts, or

by the said Acts, several sums of money have been bor- which may hereafter be borrowed for the purposes afore-rowed on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which said, and to the keeping the said Roads in good and proper money cannot be repaid, and the Hoad kept in sufficient repair, and other necessary expences attending the execu-repair, unless the term and powers granted by the said tion of the said Trulls; and that it would tend greatly to Acts be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, further and facilitate the execution thereof, if the powers That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the pur- given by the said Act were explained, amended, and en-

poses aforesaid. larged or repealed, and new powers granted; and that the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- Petitioners, the Trustees nominated in the said Act for

lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Henry Lafceiles, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,

building a Bridge at Count efs Wear, and for widening and

"'Lfrlfy

repairing the Roads leading thereto, proceeded in the said business, in which was expended the sum of £.3,512. iox. which money was borrowed on the credit of the Tolls, and now remains due to the Creditors, with a considerable at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have sum fqr interest: And therefore praying, That the said Act Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. may be repealed, and that the House will be pleased to

grant them a new term for the several purposes therein A Petition of the Trustees of the Roads leading from mentioned, together with such further sum and sums of the Turnpike Road upon Gartherley Moor, in the County money, and such additional Tolls and Duties, and such -fcition. of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from further and other powers, as may be requisite and proper the said Turnpike Road near Smallway s, across the River to enable them to put and keep the said Roads in a good Tees, to Wiuston, in the said County of Durham, was pre- and sufficient state of repair, and to execute the said Trusts footed to the House, and read; setting forth. That two in as effectual and beneficial a manner as possible.

Acts were made in the til and 22d years of the reign of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-His present Majesty, for amending and widening the said sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Pioads, and for building a Bridge over the said River at or the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear near Wind on Ford; and that, by virtue of the powers given to them, to the House:

by the said Acts, several considerable sums of money have And it is referred to Sir Charles Warwick been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Mr. Buller of Exeter, Sec.: And they are to meet To-"hich money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s amended, and kept in sufficient repair, unless the term Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and and powers granted by the said Acts be continued and records, enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. A. Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in exe- we

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- cution an Act, of the ill year of the reign of His present a- -deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading r.c1-° r natter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Mel combe Regis Pakion them, to the House: and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and also an Act,

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Wilber- of the 2ad year of the reign of His said. Majesty, for en-

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at larging the term and powers of the first-mentioned Act Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said

Acts, and have borrowed a considerable sum of money on

A Petition of the acting Trustees appointed m and by the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together an AcT, made in the 13th year of the reign of His present with the said Tolls, hath been applied to the directions of

Vol. 58, li the j

ymo\

and

3°——4° Feb mar a.

4■ 1803.

the said Acts; but the said money dill remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good repair, un!e(s the term of the said Acts is further continued, and tome alterations and amendments made therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Pitt, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

evhury A Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Thirl of t\oru and humble Petition of George Ya/den , Esquire, and the other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, certain Commons, Meadows, and Commonable Places and Grounds, which, in their present state, cannot be occupied to advantage; and, if the lame were inclosed, it would be beneficial to the persons interfiled: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition :, And that Mr of Dovsnton, and Mr. Peu do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, i So3. Prayers.

Lt'iticmt* \ PETITION of the several Persons, whose names juemi old- Jy\_ are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates Ut.lnCl0lUrC ■entitled to right of common on the Commons and Waste | Grounds situated in the Township of Oldham, within the

I Parish of PreJhmch-cum-Oldham, in the County Palatine of

I Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; letting

!; forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session for dividing,

] allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds

| within the said Townlliip, and that the powers and provi-

fions in the said Act are found to be in some respects cfe-

* festive, and require to be altered, explained, and amended:

v And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring

* in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

v to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley

h and Mr. Blackburns of Laticashire do prepare, and bring

:, in, the fame.

, t-tkion Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, to whom the

1 Company^ PetItIon of t'ie Royal Canal Company, was referred; That Dublin, ’ the Committee had examined, and found that no notices ported. had been given of the said application, the fame not being ! within the Standing Orders of the House, respecting

i Ireland; and that the Committee had examined the matter

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the \. lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

'■ the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at

f'.; the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as

followeth; viz.

j To prove the allegations of the said Petition, Letters

I; Patent, bearing date at Dublin, the ill day of October,

! in the 29th year of His present Majesty’s reign, were pro-

Ij; duced to the Committee; whereby it appeared, That the

|t said Royal Canal Company were incorporated for the pur-

I: poses therein mentioned, and amongst others, for the pur-

i pose of carrying on and completing an Inland Navigation

between the City of Dublin and the Town of Tarmonbury, j ' on the River Shannon:—Then,

1 An Act, passed in the Parliament of in the 29th

year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the promotion and encouragement of Inland Navigation; and also, anbther Act, passed ib the Parliament of Ireland in the 30th year of His present Majesty, for better enabling the Royal Canal Company to carry on and complete the said Canal; and also, another Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Royal Canal Company, were read ;—by which last mentioned Acts, the several rights and privileges of the Petitioners were extended, and new Regulations imposed for the better government of the affairs of the said Company.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Acts into execution; but that material inconveniences have aril'en from the most minute affairs of the said Company being* under the provisions of the said Acts, necessarily submitted to the Company at large, whereby the decision and promptitude indispensable in managing their various and complicated concerns, is wanting: That the Petitioners conceive a l’elect number of Directors, chosen annually by ballot out of the said Company, subject to regulations and restrictions, would be a much more effectual body for the management and controul of the affairs of the said Company: That the Petitioners, as well as the kingdom at large, will derive essential benefit from the defects in the management and regulations of the said Company being remedied, and in the altering and amending the said Acts, they being found in several respects defective.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the several Laws now in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmoubury, on the River Shannon: And that Mr. Ormfly, Mr. and Mr,

John Claudius Beres/ord, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Wingfield, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Market Orton, otherwise Overton, and the several titjoa. other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Market Orton otherwise ...

Overton, in the County of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Pastures,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands, which might be

greatly improved by being divided, allotted, and inclosed;

and it would be advantageous to the Proprietors, if, in

consideration of an adequate compensation in Land, the

Tythes in that Parish were extinguished: And therefore V

praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the

purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin . 1

and Mr. Noel do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, Work Lord of the Manor of Worksop, in the County of €°

ham, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Thomas Stacye, Clerk, Vicar of Worksop aforesaid, George Donston, j

Esquire, William Skynner and Isaac Wilson, Gentlemen, and of several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the f i

Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; '-’i

forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are at present incapable of any considerable improvement, and, if power was given to allot, divide, and inclose the lame, it would , ■/?

tend to the benefit and advantage of all parties con- -:i

cerned: And therefore praying. That leave may be given; 0/

to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant -j

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin 'f-.

and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the fame. /‘•:j

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are SalebyTf ...! thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and ether furePetiU<J Owners of Estates, in the Parish of Sa with in the County of Lincoln, was presented to ie House, and '■ /},

read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish dfjj

certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common-

able

J u -A* <A.

4" I'ebrutmu

1X3

aWe Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole* determined by eftinution, 2,000 acres or thereabouts, which lie very much intermixed, and dilperied in small parcels, and if the tune were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons inters lira, and inclosed, they might be much improved:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Chaplin do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

in of A Petition of the several Maltsters and Farmers resident at Newark - upon- Trent, Mansfield, and in the County of Nottingham, and' their respective vicinities, whole names are thereunto liiblcribed, on behalf of them-felvcsand others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in con-feouence of an Act, passed in the last hellion of Parliament; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

•m A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto ji’ subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanerk, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 3 2d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for enlarging the term and powers of an Act, made in the 14th year of His present Majesty, certain Trustees were authorized to make, amend, widen, repair, and keep in repair, the Hoad leading from the City of G/afgow to Taker Bridge, and also the Road of communication between the said Iload from Glasgow to Toker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, from the neighbourhood of Partiek by Broomhill and BNJhngrie, to the Drawbridge over the lard Canal, on the Temple Farm of Garfeube, and thence, by and

Scotstozvn, to the said Road from to Toker Bridge

near to Blawart HUT, and that a large sum of money has been borrowed in pursuance of the powers granted by the said Acts, upon the credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, which is dill unpaid; and great progreis has been made in making, repairing, and widening the said Roads; but the lame cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, and kept in repair, nor the money so borrowed repaid, unless the term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other powers granted: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Heron,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records,

'Haw" A Petition of Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, Lord of the * Manor of Tormokam, in the County of Devon, and Pro-

prietor of the Quay or Pier on the south-east side of the Harbour or Pert of Torquay, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the bid Quay or Pier is too confined, and very inconvenient for the mooring and accommodation of ships and vessels, and there are not effectual powers for enforcing the payment of the Rates, Dues, and Tolls, payable to the Petitioner from the said Quay and Harbour: And that the Inhabitants of Torquay have of late years increased in number, and the trade and commerce carried on there is dfo enlarged, but there is not at present any Market at Torquay, and it would be a great advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and of the adjacent country, as well as to all Persons trading to the said Harbour, if a Market was efta-bhlhed there under proper regulations and restrictions: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring m a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-"deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to wem, to the House:

V.ol. 5s.

And it is referred to Mr. Nicholas Vunfit art, Sir Lawrence Palk, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Petition re* unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That in don, &rc. pursuance of leave granted by the House, upon the 15th Railway, day of December last, Notices have been given at the last;

Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Surrey, also three times in The London Gazette,

likewise three times in the Paper circulated in the County of Surrey, called The County Chronicle, that application is

making to Parliament in the present Session for a Bill for;

making and maintaining a Railway from or near a plac£

called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to the'

Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral branch from the said Railway at a place called Merflham, in the Parish of Merfiham, to or near to a place i

called Godfone Green, in the Parish of Godfione, all in the County of Surrey, in such and in like manner as is required j

to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of applications intended to be made relative to Bills for making j

Railways: And therefore praying, That leave may be;

given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- f

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the t;

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tierney, Lord William,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Lionel Self the younger, Esquire, Mayor King's -yna of the Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several other Persons, whose names tion. are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, was presented to. the House, and read; setting forth. That the streets, lanes, public passages, and ways of and within the said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments, and many of them are narrow and very incommodious; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit, convenience, and safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all persons resorting thither, if the said streets, lanes, public passages, and ways, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments therein were removed, and if provision were made for preventing the like in future, and if a new and com* modious road or carriage-way were made from the south. gate of the said Borough into a Street called Saint James's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the said Borough; and that it would be of convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, if provision were made for licensing a sufficient number of Hackney Coaches and Sedan Chairs, to be used within the said Borough, and for fixing and ascertaining the Fares of the Coachmen and Chairmen respectively, and for regulating the conduct of such Coachmen and Chairmen; and that it would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the neighbouring Country, if the several persons usually employed as Porters in carrying corn, coals, and other merchandize within the said Borough, were made subject to certain rules and regulations, and the Rates of their Wages or Fares fixed and determined; and if provision were likewise made for holding the Saturday Market, and also the Beast Markets, of the said Borough respectively, in Ibme more convenient part or parts of the said Borough: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposea aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine die matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it- is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. , 8cc.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the

clocks

A. 1803-

ton, Sec*

lOiurc

lion.

/verpool )cks, and 'once, <\rc. Petition.

it

A

i;

,1 '•

.1

i>

124 4°

clock, in tV.e Speaker's Chamber; fed have Power to lend for per Ions, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Township and Hamlets of at her, Derby,

Thealby, and Coleby, within the Parishes of Burton-upon-St at her, Weji Alton, and Alkboroall in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the I Joule, and read; letting forth. That the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pat-tures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Township and Hamlets, are computed to contain about 1,500 acres, and the ancient Inclosures ir> the said Township and Hamlets are computed to contain 700 acres or thereabouts; and that it would be advantageous to the several persons interested, to have the fame divided and allotted among them in l'pecific lliares, and their several allotments inclosed, and to have compensations made in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the said ancient Inclosures: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring iu, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town and Corporation of Liver pool, in Common Council a 111-mb led, was presented to the rioufe, and read; setting forth. That several Acts have been from time to time passed, enabling the Petitioners to crest Docks, Piers, Lighthouses, and other works and conveniencies, in the Port and Harbour of Liverpool; and that it is necessary, and would be more advantageous to the Petitioners and the Public, that the line or direction of the common Highway or Road, intended to have been made from Bath Street, in the said d own, to Beacon's Gutter, along and upon the East Strand or Shore of the Itiver Mersey, in the said Port of Liverpool, should be di-

verted and continued in a more direct or straight line, from Bath Street aforesaid to Beacons Gutter aforesaid; and that another new Road, to the eastward of and nearly parallel with the said Road so intended to be diverted, should be continued from a certain flrect called Great Howard Street, in the said Town, to the northern boundary of the said Town; and that it would be attended with great benefit, convenience, and advantage to the Petitioners and the Public, if powers were granted for regulating the present and future Ferries and Ferry-houses upon and near the River Mersey, within the limits of the said Port, and for settling certain Rates or Fares for the transport or conveyance of persons, goods, and Merchandize over the said River Mersey-, and it would also greatly tend to the benefit and convenience of the Petitioners and the Public, if certain rules, orders, and regulations were made and elta-blished for the government and good conduct of all Boatmen, Ferrymen, Fishermen, and other Persons employed^ on the River Mersey, and for the better preservation of Fish in the said River; and that it is necessary and expedient that powers should be granted to the Petitioners for altering and enlarging George's Dock and Bason, and the Queens Dock, in the said Port, and for making an additional Bason, and other works and conveniencies, to the southward of the said Dock, called Queen's Dock, in and upon a. trad of ground in Park, in the said

County, lately purchased by the Corporation of Liverpool from the Earl of Sefton, and to annex and add the fame tract of ground to the Township and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid; and to erect another Wet Dock, with suitable conveniencies, on some part of the feite, extending from north to lbuth, between the said George's Deck Bason and the northern boundary of the said Town of Liverpool, and from east to weft, from the west side of the New Quay and Bath Street, both in Liverpool aforesaid, into the said River Mersey, and to extend the powers and provisions of the said several Acts to the said new intended Dock, and to the said other works so intended to be made and executed; and that powers should be granted for the better and more efficacious government and fecyrity of the said

Docks, Basons, and other works, and for the preservation of ships and velicis therein from fire; and it is necessary that the powers and provisions of the said Acts, with respect to the regulation of graving or repairing Docks within the said Town and Pore, should be amended, enlarged, and extended; and that it would be attended with, great benefit and advantage to the trade and commerce of the said Town and Port, and to the Public, if a Railway or Tram Road were made from a certain fc one quarry, situate near the east end of Parliament Street, in the said Town, over and along the fame street, to the said River Mersey; and that an Act was passed in the a6th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for l'upplying the said Town ufith fresh and . wholesome water, for removing and preventing nuisances-and annoyances therein, for appointing additional Marketplaces, and for extending so much of the powers of an Act of the 2d year of His present Majesty, as relates to.

Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain distance beyond the liberties of the said Town; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, but have not yet completed the improvements thereby directed to be made in the said Town; and that it is necessary and expedient that powers should be given to the Petitioners to open and make certain new streets, and to widen and improve the several streets already made within the said Town, and to cause proper Sewers and Drains to be made in the said Town; and also that power should be given to flag certain footways in certain streets within the said Town; and that the powers and provisions-of the said several Atfts, in several other rd'pcfts, have been found by experience to be deleft ive and inluiricicnr for the efftclual execution of the fame, and it is necessary that the said several Aifts should be altered, amended, and explained: And therefore praying, That leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Gascosne, General "Tar let on,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. '

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of

Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, '

attended at the door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, tiomi Debt, ‘ presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an printed. -A (ft of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Re-duftion of the National Debt, ending on the 31ft Ja- ft*

nuary 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. v

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Graham, Infect or of Convicts, attended at the door; he was called pre-<:

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the V"

directions of an Act of Parliament, ’

The Report of Aaron Graham, Esquire, Inljieftor of ft

Convicts in the River Thames, and at Portsmouth,

And then he withdrew; and the T was read. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. . ft

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to ft

this volume. ’ (No. 1; ft

'ft

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands Sutton am

and Grounds lying within the several Parishes Sutton, ge ft ’

Mepal, Witchain, Chatteris, and a place called in ...

the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That in the aid year ftj

of the reign of his late Majesty, an Act was made for -ft

draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low - ft ■,

Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, IFitcham, ■. f

Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called By in Vv

Ifie

r‘Vof

k,

sd.

IJU VJ&VJ* XXX*

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and also in the

Parishes of Somersham, and Pid/ey toil h - Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon-, and that in the 33d year of the remt of his laid late Majesty, another Act was made for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of and Pidley-uoith-

Fenton, and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, and certain Lands in the said Parishes were directed to be drained with the Fen Lands and Low Grounds described in the said last recited Act; and in the 15th year of the reign of His present Majesty, another Act was made for altering the boundaries of the said two last recited Acts; and that, in the 17th year of the reign of His present Majesty, another Act was made for amending and rendering more effectual the said recited Act of the 22d year of his laid late Majesty, lo far as the fame related to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the said Pari Hies of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called Byal Fen; and that the Commissioners of the said District have caused banks, engines, and other works, to be erected and done

4U lebruarii.

1

the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1803;

distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the amount of Notes of the Bank of England in ^rcuiiabn in circulation on the ill of June, the ill of August, the ill ordered, of October, and the ill of December 1802, and the ill of February 1803; dilliuguishing the amount of those that are below the value of Five Pounds*

Mr. Carry presented to the House, pursuant to their ®ft'Tnites of

n , J 1 certain

S-traer, , Miscellaneous

An Estimate of the Expence of supporting the Pro- Services in teflant Charter Schools of Ireland, under the direction of the Incorporated Society, &c. for one year, ending 5th January 1S04: And also.

An Estimate of the sum necessary for the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, for one year, ending 5th January 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Society for dif-

presented.

at a considerable expence, but the same are much annoyed, countenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the

hindered, and opprested, by the waters running into and through the fame from certain Fen Lands called the Exempt Lands, within the said District, and also by certain other Fen Lands lying contiguous thereto, whereby the expences of supporting the works in the said District are much increased, and in consequence thereof such lands ought to be added thereto, and pay a proportionable Tax for the benefit and advantages they receive thereby; and

Christian Religion in Ireland:And also,

Estimate of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, for one year, ending 5th January 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the Expences of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin, for employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and young Criminals convicted in a summary way before Justices of the Peace,

that the Proprietors and Owners of Exempt Lands in the for one year, ending jth January 1804: And also,

i <-» 1 r\ TV M1 XX ,1 t ^ m 1 n , I /* tvr U ^1% I l A f A 17 A- I n 4~ r% f K H V »*> rAt 1 > \ / I 1 1 l> rv I

said District, and of certain other Jands which lie conti guous thereto, are much benefited by the Drainage and Embankment of the said District, and the said lands will be further improved by being added thereto, and should pay proportionably for such advantages; and that the Proprietors and Owners of common rights in Chatteris, by an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present

An Estimate of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for one year, ending 5th January 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for one year, ending 5th January 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Expences of the Hibernian School for Majesty, are obliged, by themselves or Tenants, to occupy Soldiers Children, for one year, ending 3th January 1804: and cultivate certain parts of the said Commons lying con- And also,

tiguous to the said District, and hold the fame in tillage for Estimate of the Expences of supporting the the term of four years, and other parts thereof at the ex- Lock Hospital in Dublin, for one year, ending 3th January piration of that term in like manner in tillage in succession, 1804: A J

as in the said Ad is directed, which laid dots or rights of common, during the time they are lo in tillage or intended to be in lots, are also much benefited by the Drainage and Embankment of the said District, and will be further int-

And also,

Estimate of the Expence for the maintenance of the Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of supporting the TIoulb proved by being added thereto, and the said Proprietors, of Industry, Dublin, from 3th January 1803 to 5th January Owners, and Occupiers, should pay for such lots held in 1804: And also,

tillage proportionably for such advantages; and that it is Estimate of the Charge of the Establishment of the for the joint interest, benefit, and advantage, of the Land Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth, for one year, end-Owners in the said District, as also the Owners of Lands ing 5th January 1804: And also,

lying in, next, and contiguous thereto, that the boundaries An Estimate of the Expence of the Commissioners for of the said District should be enlarged, and certain lands making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, added thereto, and pay for the benefit they now enjoy, and for one year, ending 3th January 1804: And also, for the improvement they will hereafter have in a regular An Estimate of the Expences of the Corporation for Drainage and Embankment of their said several lands paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, for within the said District, and for which purposes it will be one year, ending 5th January 1804: And also,

Estimate of the Society, for the year 1803: And

also,

Estimate of the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for one year, ending 5th January 1804.

And the Titles were read.

necessary that several amendments, alterations, and additions, should be made in and to the said recited Acts of the22d year of his late Majesty, and of the 17th year of His present Majesty: And therefore praying. That leave tuny be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the nutter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Charles

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The laid Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account

hnerfet Manners, he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow count of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources nlcom'J

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the year Expend ended the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing, under eac!

Refdved, That this House will, at the rising of the House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

£cc. oi

head of Revenue* the amount of the Grots Receipt* the orders Hate per centum for collecting the fame, and the nature and amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt distinguishing also, the amount of the Net Produce, and Ordered, That tl ierc be laid before this House, an Ac- the Hate per centum for colluding the lame, and the natuie count of the number of Vcllols, and the amount of their and amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; Tonnage, together with the number of Men and Boys distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, employed in navigating the fane, which were employed and the amount of the Balances or Bills in the hands of either in the Transport Service or as armed Ships, between the several Officers or the Revenue on the 5th days of Voi. 38. K k January

126

4°—7° Februarii.

si. 1803.

January 1802 and 1803 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said year; together with the amount of the Balances remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th days of January 1802 and 1803 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th January 1803; and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said year; and of the Total Charge thereon in respect of the said year; specifying also, the Surplus (if any) of the said Consolidated Fund.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January 1803 from the several Coltedors employed in the Collection of the Public Revenues of Ireland now deceased, or out of their respective offices; distinguishing their names; the sums originally due, and at what time; their subsequent Payments in reduction thereof, and when paid; and the amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Ireland, for the year ending the 5 th of January 1803; distinguishing the value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported from the value of Foreign Articles exported, together with the difference between the official value and the real value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported in the year ending the 5th of January 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland on the 30th of September 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all parts of the world, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing Irish from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, on the 5th of January 1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the year ending 5th January 1803, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; distinguishing the total amount of the sums applied to the following Heads of Service—id, Interest on Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, and the sums applicable to its Reduction— 2dly, The Interest in Exchequer Bills—3dly, Jflues from local Funds, for purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament prior to the Union—4thly, issues from appropriated Funds for local purposes—5thly, Civil List, Pensions, and other permanent Charges—6thly, Payments in anticipation of Exchequer Receipts—ythly, The Ordnance—. 8thly, The Army; specifying the amount of Monies paid on account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Pay of public Officers: Specifying also, the amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army—9thly, Milcclianeous Service—And, lastly, specifying the amount of any Public Money applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the ftpara te Ex-l3

pences of and for Ireland from those which belong to it with Great Britain.

Ordered, That their be laid before this House, an Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the fame flood on the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing the years in which each part thereof was created: distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted; the amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest and Annuities, and the several portions thereof payable in London and Dublin respectively; the Charge of Management, and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands outstanding, on the 5th of January 1803, under the Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Prizes; distinguishing under each head respectively, the particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided; and also what part of the said Debts and Demands was then provided for, and in what manner; and what part thereof was then unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Recount, shewing how the Monies given for the service of the year 1802 in and for Ireland have been disposed of; distinguished under the several heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Application of the sum of £.54,166. 13J. 4 Irijl.i Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament to defray the Civil Contingent Charges for the service of Ireland, for the year 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Application of the sum of £.325,000, Irish Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the year 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, from the ill of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802.

The Orders of the day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday next. supply, de resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Wayj and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, de-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply erre granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the dock.

Lunce, 7° die Februarii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1 So3.:

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Right honourable George Earl Wokeingt;

of Onjlozv, and the humble Petition of the several ^",ure?ct; other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of , ;:

and Manor of IVokeing, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, lr

in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and ' j

read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes and Manor several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, '

and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, which might bp.

be greatly improved if the fame were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring

in a Bill for those purposes. p;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Pi

Cranley, Lord William Ruffe//, and Sir John Frederick, do b

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

; '-If

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of On- Wbrpfetf flow, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, 1

whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or w

Proprietors of Estates in the Parillies of IVorplejjhn and

IVanboroiVy

«Jl/ V-J J>V-/ AX

i reoruam,

1^7

mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Perform, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates or Inhabitants in or near the several places thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a place called Pit lake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, vvixh a collateral branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merjlham> to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all n the said County of Surrey: And that Lord William Pajje/l,

:fr.n

A Petition.

Waxborow, and Manor of Wanborow, in' the Parishes of

Aili and Puttenham, in the County of Surrey, was presented

to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Parishes and Manor several Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, which might be greatly improved if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount

Cranky, Lord William Ruffe/l, and Sir John Frederick, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing three Sir John , and Mr. Tierney, do prepare, and bring

Acts, passed in the 22d year of the reign of King George in, the fame, the Second, and in the 8th and 3ad years of the reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Mr. Dickinson, junior, reported from the Committee, to p^fc ^s

leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, in the whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting ported. ’

County of Surrey, to a place called Sheet bridge, near Peters-in execution an Act, made in the 21ft year of the reign ot

field, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widen-

House, and read; letting forth. That the Trustees, acting ing, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of

in the execution of the said Acts, have made great pro- the Town of Chard to the South end of H eft Moor, and

gress in the repair of the said Road, and have borrowed from the Weft end of the Turnpike Road, through

several considerable sums of money on the credit of the llmifer, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of PeaJ'e

Tolls, which have from time to time been duly applied for MarshLane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to //-

the purposes of the said Act; and that the present Tolls mister, and from While Cross to Chiiiington Down, and from

are found inadequate for keeping the said Road in good a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge j

repair, and paying off the money lb borrowed, which now Cross, in the County of SomerJ'et, was referred; That the

remains due; and the said Road cannot be effectually Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

amended, widened, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some of the provisions thereof amended and altered, and further powers granted; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees if

the present Acts were to be repealed, and the provisions and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de-

thereof, with such further powers as shall be thought necessary, reduced into one Act: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

-tion re* uq.V

dtorCrsy*

>.Krl.

Sported,

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read—And,

Mr. Robert Bryant being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable funu of money at interest, upon the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; that the said roads And it is referred to Lord William Ruffeil. Sir John are not yet repaired, and that the said Act, and the powers Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn- thereby given, arc in many respects defective, and the Tolls ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and insufficient; that unless such defects are amended, the said have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records. Tolls encreased, and the term and powers of the said Act

altered and enlarged, the said roads cannot be effectually Lord William Riiffellreported from the Committee, to repaired and widened, nor the money borrowed be repaid;

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are and it would greatly facilitate the execution of the purposes

intended by the said Act, if the fame was repealed, and further and better provisions made by a new Act.

And the Witness added. That it would be not only of great convenience to the neighbourhood, but also of great benefit to the Public at large, if the road leading from the fide of the said Turnpike Roads, at the Cross Keys Inn, in the Parish of A fall, to the Catherine Wheel Gate, in in the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Wil- said County of which is now much out of repair,

ham Bedcott Luttly being examined, laid, That in pur- and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now in fuance of leave granted by the House, upon the 15th day force, were included in the same Act, and made part of of December last, notices have been given at the last the fame Turnpike Roads, to be amended, widened, and Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace boiden for the kept in repair by virtue thereof.

County of Surrey, also three times in the London Gazette, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more lskewile three times in the paper circulated in the County effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the of Surrey, called The County Chronicle, that application is Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the making to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill for South end of Weft Floor, and from the Weft end of the making and maintaining a Railway from or near a place 2 eowY Turnpike Road, through to and

called Pttlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to the from the Well end of Pcafe Lane to llorion Elm, and

Town of Reigale, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Cross to branch from the said Railway, at a place called Merftham, Chiiiington Doivn, and from a place called Oaks, over in the Parish of Merjlham, to or near to a place called Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from the Cross Keys to Godfione Green, in the Parish of Goaf one, all in the said Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of in the County of

SomerJ'et: And that Mr. Dickinson, junior, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the fitid Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

County of Surrey, in such and the like manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of applications intended to be made relative to Bills for making railways.

A Petition of Marmaduke Corf able Esquire, Weft Una

"lhen the several papers, containing the said Notices Lord of the Manor of Ruffin, in the County of Lincoln, Inclosure were produced to the Committee, and read. and the Reverend William Cooper, Patron and Rector of the peUlKm’

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Parish and Parish Church ot IVaforesaid, the foie the 14th day of December last, was made from the Com- Proprietors of, and only Persons interested in, or entitled ^01. 38. (except

128

7° Februarii.

A. 1803.

AlU&on Inclol’ure Petition.

Norwich Paving, See* Petition.

(except to about one acre and one rood of land) unto the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and un-inclosed, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates, in the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That there are within the said Parish several Commons, Commonable Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, containing in the whole, by estimation, 220 acres or thereabouts, and, if the lame were divided and allotted ambngft the Persons interested, and such allotments inclosed, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Jacob Henry Act ley, and Mr. Coke of , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the several Streets, public Passages and Places, within the said City, are very ill paved, and arc not sufficiently cieanled and watched, and are also much incommoded by various annoyances, encroachments, and other nuisances; and that the powers given by an Act, made in the 10th year of the reign of Queen Anne, for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, are insufficient for the purpose of lighting the said City, and that it would tend greatly to the safety, accommodation, and convenience, not only of the Inhabitants of the said City, but also of all persons resorting thereto, if the said several streets, public passages and places, were properly paved, and well and sufficiently lighted, cleansed, and watched, and certain encroachments and nuisances removed to brinv

And therefore praying, That leave may be given in a Bill for efieftuating the said several purposes.

purpo

that the said Market-place, although well situated for the accommodation of the Public, is, from the great increase of inhabitants within the Cities of London and efmiuf.er, and Parts adjacent, become much too small; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners sufficiently to enlarge the said Market-place for the better accommodation of the Public, it is necessary that they should be enabled to purchase certain houses and pieces of ground in the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, And situate partly within the City of London, and partly in the County of Middlesex, anti to lay the feite thereof into the said Market-place; and that the Petitioners should be authorized to raile such a lum of money as may be requisite for that purpose; and that it is also necessary that proper Rules and Orders should be established for the regulation of the said Market, and of all persons driving cattle of all kinds to and from the lame: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-flderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the London City of London attended at the door; they were called pe0tj1tio^rkd in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, * ,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That, from the extensive population of the Cities of London anti Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and from the various trades exercised, and different manufactures carried on therein, great quantities of coals are daily consumed, for the conllant fopply of which, ships frequenting the Port . of London, employed in the coal trade, are very numerous; and that it is of the utmost consequence to the very exiltence of several of the said trades and manufactures, in which the consumption of fuel mult of necessity be very great, that such fuel should be obtained at as reason-able a rate as possible; and that it would tend greatly to T:

reduce the present very high price of coals if a Market, under certain rules and restrictions, was established for the file of all coals brought into the River Thames-, by means

of which the quantity and descriptions of coals brought

and repealing such parts of the said recited Act as relate in each and every veil'd, and the price at which the lame

to the lighting the said City

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-ffdcration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Feh' Mr. Smith of &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

Leave of Ab-,|j fence.

Time for receiving Lctiiions eijLnred.

Smithfield

Market

Petition.

were fold, might be generally known, and if certain other regulations were made in the vend of coals brought into the Port of London: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be reterred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as. it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Ordered, That Sir George Augvjlus William Shukburgh Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Evelyn have leave of Absence for six weeks, on account of and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. g

his health. T

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Ordered, That the time for receiving Petitions for pri- City of London attended at the door; they were called in; petition, n. vate Bills, be enlarged until Friday sevennight, the iBth and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons ;• j of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew. T

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That an Act was palfed in the 39th year of the reign of His present ftp'

day of this instant February.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons Majesty, for rendering more commodious and for better

of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting fort!), That the Market for the fide of cattle, horils, fhccp.hay, and various other articles, from whence the Cities of London and Westminster, and parts adjacent, are principally supplied, is held

regulating the Pbrt of London, whereby it was enacted, Tint, in consideration of the great accommodation and advantage which the several works and regulations thereby authorized to be made would afford the iiiipping and trade of the said Port, and in consideration also of the great charges and expences which would he occasioned

by the Petitioners in a certain place in the Paiith of Saint by the making, building, erecting, and providing-of the Septdi hre, in the City of London, called Smilltfeld; and works authorized by the said Act to be made, there should be

UfiW* 111<

Februarn.

129

be payable and paid to the King’s Majesty, His Ileirs and Successors, from the ift day of August: next after the passing of the said Act, for and during the term of fourteen years from thence next ensuing, for every ship or other vessel trading to, frequenting, or uiing the said Port of London, of which the several works intended to be made

as aforesaid were to be parts, the several Rates or Duties of Tonnage in the said Act particularly enumerated and set forth, the produce whereof is by the said Act to be applied in repairing the present, and laying down other mooring chains, and for other purposes therein specified; and that an Act was passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons,

more speedy repayment to the Confolkh'fed Fund of the several sums advanced, and to be advanced thereout, as before-mentioned; and that it is expedient that the powers and provisions of the said Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

w , , The House being informed that Mr. Walton, from the Account of

Cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented piciinted. * j

the Port of London, whereby it was enacted. That in case to the House, pursuant to their Order, j

the River Tolls imposed by the said recited Act, for the An Account of the amount of the Notes of the Bank purpose of providing a fund for making certain compen- of England in circulation on the ift of June, the ill of

lations therein specified, should be sufficient for making August, the ift of October, and the ift of December .]

1802, and the ill of February 1803; distinguishing the:

amount of those that are below the value of Five Pounds.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. j

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. j

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to,

this volume. (No. 19.);

compensation to the several persons whole claims thereto, by reason of the Docks, Quays, and other works, to be made and erected under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, shall be established, as well as the compen-fitions directed to be made by reason of the Docks, Quays, and other works, to be made by virtue of the said former Act, no further or other River Tolls or Duties, for the purpose of compenfarion, should be raised under that Act; but that in case any further sums of money, than are directed to be raised by the said former Act, should be deemed necessary for making compensations to the several persons whose properties might be affected by the docks, quays, or other works, to be erected and made by virtue of that Act, it should be lawful for the Commissioners for making such compensation, with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to impose an additional Toll or Duty upon all ships or vessels, according to the scale of Hates for the like purpose let forth in the said recited Act, such additional Toll or Rate not to exceed, in amount, the Toll or Rate imposed by the said recited Act, for and during the term of thirteen years, from the t ft day of August iSco; and to raile and levy the whole or part of such additional Toll or Kate, and in such manner as should be directed by the said Lords Com-nuffioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; and the said Act also provided and directed that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury should have power to make advances of certain sums of money in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned; and that an Act was passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to authorize the advancement of further lurns of money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other works, which, by an Act passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-Wons of the City of London, in Common Council affem-bkd, whereby it was enacted. That, in addition to the money so by the said last-recited Act authorized to be advanced, the further lum of £.50,000 should, in like man-nerj be advanced and repaid; and that, for effectuating the provisions of the said Acts, it is necessary that the fords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury should be empowered to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund, Lch further sum or sums of money as may from time to

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Account of 1 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended

at the door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented prei'cnteU. ■' to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of '

Parliament,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.5,922,978. 195. nd. in one year, from the 3d February 1802 to the 31ft January 1803, by the Commissioners appointed by 26 Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 20.)

Debate on Motion re-

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the O.der, made upon . the 13th day of December last, for taking the Petition of tSonofSE^c-the Electors of the Town and County of the Town of of D,g.

Diogheda (who petitioned this House upon the 26th day hcJa>relu, ne<1 of November last, complaining of an undue cleftion and

return for the said Town) into consideration uponTuefday, the ift day of March next, be discharged.

The House was moved. That the entry in the Votes of the House of Thursday last, of the Proceedings of the House relative to the said Petition, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 37th Bill to con-year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An t'muc the " Act for confirming, and continuing for a limited time, 01^1"^*' " the llestriction contained in the Minute of Council of by the Bank, " the twenty-sixth of February one thousand ieven hun- ordert:<i<

" dred and ninety-seven, on payments of Calli by the " Bank," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in

hme be wanted, to enable the said Mayor, Aldermen* and the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to con-

Commons, of die City of London, to repair the present mooring chains in the River ‘Thames, as occasion shall require, and to provide new ones where requisite, and also to carry into execution such improvements in the Port of London, agreeably to the intention and direction of the fod Acts, as shall from time to time be deemed expedient

tinue the said last mentioned Act, under certain regulations and restrictions, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend.

—, ....... , WWi ... ....... _ and continue, until one month after the conclusion of the

hr the benefit or accommodation of the Public; and that War, the provisions^ contained in the last mentioned Act, hch advances of money should be repaid to the said for the Restriction on payments of Calli by the Bank, might Y°nlolidated Fund out of the produce of the said adtli- be read.

tional Toll or Duty, in such and the like manner as is And the fame was read accordingly.

Provided and directed by the said recited Acts, with re- The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the

'pest to the advances of money authorized to be made out 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to continue, of the said fund for the purposes therein mentioned; and until the ift day of March next, the restrictions contained mat the said additional Toll or Duty, so to be laid as in the said several Acts on payments in Calli by the Aforesaid, should be now demanded and taken, for the Bank, might be read, voi. 58. L1 And

.itiay Bill, erred.

etition of Iavor, &c.

F VVoicdler.

Wor-3iter md Jroitwich oads Bill.

1

v

I rift fusion.

4

Chickerill

: Inclosure Petition.

7° FebruariL A. 1803*

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the Restrictions contained in the said Acts on payments of Calb by the Bank ? And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas and Mr.

Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 15th day of December last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night, the 16th day of this instant February, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, justices, and the Inhabitants at large, of the City of Worcester, whole names are thereunto tub fori bed, Was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more ef-ie Anally amending, and keeping in repair, the ltoad from the City of Worcester, through to

Bridge, within the Parish of in the County of

Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and setting forth, That the said Road from Bromsgrove to Worcester is one of those by which the Towns of Birmingham,

Manchjler, and the other Northern parts of the kingdom, are connected with Bath, Bristol, and the Western parts thereof; and that, although by the said Act a preference was directed to be given to the said Road from to Worcester on account of its great general importance, yet the directions so given have not been complied with, but, on the contrary, the said Road has been suffered to decay, and its revenues, which have been much more than sufficient to keep it in complete repair, and to pay the whole interest of the money borrowed, have been applied in the repair and amendment of another Road, which, in companion, is of trifling public utility; and that the Petitioners understand it is proposed by the said Bill, to add to the Tolls of the said Road from Bromsgrove to , while

those very Roads which render an additional revenue necessary, are exempted from any increase, by which, if the said Bill pal's into a Law in its present form, as well the Petitioners as the Public in general will be partially and unjustly burthened and aggrieved; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, in respect of the allegations above let forth, and have fuel) relief as shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places within that part of the Parish of Chickerill, otherwise West Chickerill, which lies within the Tything of Weft Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and dispersed in small parcels, and are, in their present situation, incapable of any considerable improvement; but, if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be a great benefit to the parties interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

13

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Francis John Browne, and Mr. Bur land, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Churchill, Esquire, and of the several mft stove other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed. Own- £klo.!ure ers or Proprietors of, or interested in, the Commons and etmon• Waste Lands within the Parish of East Stower, otherwise Slower East Slower, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Commons and Waste Lands are of very little value in their present situation, but, if divided and inclosed, the fame might be considerably improved: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition 1 And that Mr. Morten Pitt, Mr. Francis John Browne, and Mr. Bur land, do pre -pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee c solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- SuPPJy-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented EfHmates an to the House upon Thursday last, by Mr. relative to certain Milccllaneous Services in Ireland, be referred to the celiancous said Committee. Services in

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented fcrred J,re* to the House upon Thursday last, relative to the,

Protestant Schools in Ireland-, the Commissioners of Cha- ,

ritable Donations; the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and PraAice of the Christian Religion in Ireland; the Female Orphan House in Dublin-, the House of Industry in the Found-

ling Hospital in Dublin-,the Hibernian Marine Society; the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children; the land Lock Hospital in Dublin-, the Fever Hospital in Dublin-, the House of Industry in Dublin-,the Roman Catho-lie Seminary at Maynooth-,the Commissioners of Wide Streets in Dublin; the Corporation for paving, cleansing, ':t

and lighting, the City of Dublin-, the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts in Ireland-, ‘

and the Farming Society of Ireland, be referred to the said v

Committee.

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented to the House, upon Friday last, relative to the fub-jeA matters of the said Petitions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. ’

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed A

him to report, when the House will please to receive the A

fame. q

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. .1;

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, ?k

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to kj

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

, y

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors for embank- Plymouth ing part of the Lairy near Plymouth, was presented to the j

House, and read; letting forth. That the present approach to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of is ;n:

rendered extremely difficult and inconvenient by a certain "

Hill, called Lipfon Hill, over which the present Road to the said Borough leads; and that it would be of considerable utility if a new Road were made from a certain place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buck!and, in the said County, through certain Marsh Lands, called Bay and Pot hill Bay, to the said Borough of Plymouth, by means whereof the said Hill, called Lipfon (over which great quantities of Timber and Naval Stores, for the ule Majesty’s Dockyard at Plymouth, are at prelim t from necel-fity conveyed) will be avoided, and an eaty, safe, and commodious Road obtained for the use of the Public: And

therefore

■ov

iw’O

*ao vxlu. 111.

7° Fcbniar

131

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in for the purposes aforesaid. pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 17th day

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi- of December la ft, Notices have been given at the Christmas deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in and for the Well matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dull appear to Biding of the County of York,' and also three times in The them, to the House: Doncaster Gazette in the months of December and January

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, Mr. Bul/er of last, of the application to Parliament for leave to bring in Exeter, hc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, a Bill for lighting the Streets and open Passages in the said Borough, and for preserving the Footpaths, Water-pipes, regulating the {landing of Stalls, Carts, and Car-

Poor

uoa.

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and resident within the Townships of Pontefract and in the

West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Poor belonging to the said Township of PontcfraCl are become very numerous, and are supporled at a very great expence, and it is apprehended, that, if a proper and suitable Workhouse was provided for the reception of such Poor, and proper powers were given for their regulation, employment, and government, it would not only be a great advantage to all

riages, fixing boxes for Watchmen, regulating Sedan Chairmen, preserving from injuries Hob Cross Hill, and for removing all nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions, in the streets and other public pafi'ages and places in the said Borough, in such and in like manner as Notices are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relating to Bills for paving, lighting, clcanling, or improving Cities or Towns: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine persons paying to the Poor Rates of the same Township of the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Hull appear Pmtefrnft, but would tend to the better relief and com- to them, to the House:

fort of the Poor themselves; and that, about the beginning And it is referred to Mr. Hairy Lafceltes, Mr. Wilber-of the last century, several charitable and well-disposed per- force &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at fons raised considerable sums of money by subscription and Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have otherwise, which were laid out in Houling and Lands, the Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, rents and profits whereof have been applied towards the

cloathing and instructing Male and Female Children A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution Lmls an<l within the said Townships, but there are not any known three several Acts, one of them made in the 31ft year of VVjktfiellt rules or orders for the management of the said institution, the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the nor is it certainly known in whom the legal estate in the Road from heeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, and laid property is veiled; and that there are also, within the the others made in the loth and 3id years of His present laid Townships, several Hospitals, to which a considerable Majesty’s reign, to enlarge the term and powers of the property in houses, lands, and rents appertain, and there first-mentioned Act, so far as the fame relates to the Road

RoadPetitio

are other properties in houses, lands, and rents, which belong to the Poor of the said Townships at large; and that the estates and properties above-mentioned having, lor the moll, got into the hands of individuals, at rents much below their value, and being in an unalienable Hate, the Inhabitants of the said Townships are deprived of great part of the benefits which might arile therefrom, but.

from Leeds to Wakefield, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the first-mentioned Act, the Road from Leeds to Sheffield was made Two separate Dif-trifts, the First District including such part of the said Road as lies between Leeds and Wakefield, and the other District such part of the said Road as lies between Wakefield and Sheffield, and separate Tolls were granted within each Dif-if the fame were fold and dilpo'ed of to the bell advantage, trift; and that by the said Acts, passed in the 10th and and the money arising therefrom applied to the use of the 3ad years of His present Majesty’s reign, the term and said School, Hospitals, and Poor, the Poor Rates, which are powers of the first above-mentioned Act, so far only as the at present extravagantly high, would be considerably re- lame relates to the Road within the said First District were duced, and that other advantages to the said Townships enlarged; and that a considerable sum of money hath been would accrue: And thcictore piaying. That leave may be borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the credit of given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi- within the said First District, which money cannot be paid

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry LaJcel/es, Mr.

Hurt

off, and the Road effectually amended and kept in good repair, unless all or some of the Tolls are increased, and the powers of the said Acts, so far as the fame relates to the Road within the said First District, are enlarged: And &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

to fend for persons, papers, and records. , That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

,-niAsdiia A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands to them, to the House:

in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of Estates And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lfcclies, Mr. having right of common on the several Commons and force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of 'Thorp Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have dudlin, in the Parish of Badsworth, in the West Riding of Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, the County of York, was presented to the House, and

Tead; setting forth. That the said Lands and Waste A Petition of John Anderfion, Esquire, the Reverend John Bainbria; Grounds are of considerable extent, and, in their present Me, Clerk, John Scarr, John Coniton, and the several pne^>!ure fate, are incapable of any great improvement, but would other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was etmon‘ be much more valuable if the fame were divided, allotted, presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be there are several large Common Stinted Pastures, used and given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. enjoyed by the Petitioners and others, known by the fe-

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- veral names of Hawes Apperfett Pafiure,

faint to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pafiure, Duerlay Pafiure, Pafiure, Marfett Cow Pafiure,

Henry Lafctllcs and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring Bainbridge High Pafiure, Bainbridge Low Pafiure, Butterfett fa the lame. High Pafiure, and Low Pafiure, situated within the Manor of Bainbridge, in the Parish of Aifgartk, in the A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur- North Riding of the County of York, containing, by efti-geffes, of the Borough of Doncaster, in the West Riding of mation, 4,500 acres or thereabouts, which, in their present the County of York, in Common Council afisembled, was state, are of small value, but are capable of very great im-Vol. 58. provement

? i',r

132

7* FebruariL

A. 1803.

lily

provement by cultivation, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforeikid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mn

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. -

Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring force,: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at

in, the fame. Nine of the clack, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have

Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Charles John Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner A Petition of several Freeholders and others, of the Barmby-and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor Townshipof Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the and Places adjacent, and of the Mayor and several other County of , whose names are thereunto subscribed, petition* Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Leeds, in the said was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That County, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- there are within the said Township several Open Arable fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Fields, Meadows, Ings, Failures, Commons, and Waste virtue of an Act passed in the 33d year ol His present Ma- Lands, which, in their present situation, are incapable of jesty, for enlarging the powers of two Acts, one made in any considerable improvement; and that, if the fame were the 31ft year of his late Majesty, and the other in the 19th divided and inclosed, and allotments made therefrom as a year of His present Majesty, for the better suppiving of the compensation for and in lieu of all Tythes, both great and Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of small, arising within the said Township, it would be an York, with coals, the said Charles John Brandling is obliged improvement of their ellates: And therefore praying, That yearly, during such time as he shall continue the waggon- leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. way made for the purpose of bringing coals from his coal Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant works in Middleton aforeikid to the repository at a cer- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry tain place mentioned in the said Act, called Cajjdn Cltfe, Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the to bring to the said repository or coal yard 20,000 fame.

rc"]

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Bamins-ham unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners incioitue of Cattlegates in a certain. Hinted pasture called Pa, Uo,‘'

waggons, or 480,000 corves of coals, at the lead, by daily proportions, in manner as in the said Act passed in the 33d year of His present Majesty, unless prevented by fire, water, or other inevitable accident; and that, since the

passing of the said last mentioned Act, the Town and Bo- Close, in the Township of Barningham, in the North Killing rough of Leeds is very considerably increased in population, of the County of York, was presented to the House, anil and the trade thereof very greatly extended, and a great read; setting forth, That the said Hinted pasture contains, number of manufactories, dyehouses, engines, and ma- by estimation, 360 acres or thereabouts, and, if the lame chines, have been erected therein, ft> that the quantity of was divided and inclosed, a very considerable benefit would coals stipulated by the said Act to be brought dowm to arise by the division thereof: And therefore praying, That the said repository is found insufficient for supplying the leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. said Town and Borough; and that, since the passing of the Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant said last mentioned Act, the said Charles John Brandling to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry hath been put to a very great expence, by making fresh Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the winnings in his said colliery, and by extending, laying, fame.

and making additional waggon-ways from his laid coalpits to the said repository, and by paying much greater prices for leading and getting the said coais, and for the wood and other materials uled therein; and that it would

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields and Common Pasture, Common, and Waste Lands, herein after mentioned, was presented to the

Middleton Inelol lire Petition*

be of great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants of the House, and read; setting forth. That, within the Town-

said Town and Borough, and the manufactures and trade thereof, if a larger quantity of coals than is stipulated by the said last mentioned Act were brought from the coalpits and coal works of the said Charles John Brandling to the said repository, or to any one other place near thereto, and there sold to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough; and that the coal got and worked at all the other collieries or coal works in the neighbourhood of

ship of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open and Common Fields and Common Pasture, Common, and Waste Lands, which are computed to contain in the whole about 3, So2 acres, and, in their present situation, are capable of very little improvement; but, it the fame were inclosed and allotted, a considerable benefit would accrue to the persons interested: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring Leeds is very considerably advanced in price, and it would in a Bill for those purposes.

very greatly distress the Inhabitants of the said Town and Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Borough, if the said Charles John Brandling should difeon- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry tinue the said waggon-way and repository, and also be a Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the very great loss and prejudice to the trade and manufac- feme.

tones thereof; and that the said Charles John Brandling hath proposed, and is willing, not only to bring down from his said coal works at Middleton, or such places as aforesaid, and deliver at the said repository, or feme other

A Petition of Mary Kirjhazv, Spinster, Frances Shipperd- Shelley Inclo -. son. Widow, Ann RuJJ'ell, Widow, and Rebecca Kir/oaiv, furtPennon.. Spinster, Ladies of the Manor and Owners of the foil :-

one place near thereto, during the continuance of the term within the Township of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the said Act mentioned, or such other term of years as in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the may be deemed requisite, 25,040 waggons, or 580,000 Freeholders within the said Township, whose names are corves of coals, by daily proportions, for the foie ule of the thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough (provided sale setting forth, That there are within the Manor of Shelley, can be had for the same) at the rate of id. a corf, having several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, con-liberty to leave any quantity of such Coals, not exceeding taining 400 acres or thereabouts, which, in their present 3,600 waggons per day, at any place near to the said waggon- Hate, are of little value; but, if the lame were divided and way within the said Borough, and also to take and deposit inclosed, considerable advantage would arise from the im-the surplus quantity, beyond the daily sale or demand of provement and cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, the said Town and Borough, in any other coal yard or That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those pur-repofuory within the said Borough, which by the Peti- poles.

titioners. Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, is thought a reasonable price: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amendment of the last mentioned Act, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

'"’■I

V/ord

•jidlPtti'

J-----/----- wf '

a place called the two Laws to Kighley, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied in the repair of the said Roads; and that the term of the said Acts is near

•jy vj xxx« ( jtfCtjYllClVXl• Uii

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put duly applied in the repair of the said Road; and that the in execution two Acts, passed in the 28th year of the reign term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the money so of his late Majesty, and in the 21ft year of the reign borrowed cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the amended and kept in repair, unless the said term be con-Roads from the Weft end of toller Lane, near Bradford, tinued, the Tolls increased, and some further and other through Haworth, in the County of York, to a place called powers granted: And therefore praying. That leave may.

Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

&c.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine expiring, and the money so borrowed cannot be paid off, of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in repair, to lend for persons, papers, and records, unless the said term be continued, the Tolls increased, and

some further and other powers granted: And therefore A Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Ed- Dalfton Inclo-praying, That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for ward Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and the humble Petition of the fur* Petition, the purposes aforesaid. several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- within the Manor of Dalston, in the county of,

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to there are within the said Manor several Moors, Commons, them, to the House: and Waste Grounds, containing together 2,500 acres or

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, thereabouts, which, in their present Hate, are incapable of &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine any considerable improvement; but, if the fame were di-of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power vided and inclosed, it would greatly tend to the advantage

of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. fames and Proprietors of the several Messuages, Cottages, Front- Graham and Mr. fames Loivlhcr do prepare, and bring in,

Heads, Lands and Tenements, within the several Manors, the fame.

to fend for persons, papers, and records.

fKwj.&f. A Petition of the several Persons whose names are there ft- Unto subscribed, on behalf of themseves and others, Owners

Lord ships, or Townships of JVe and Fimber and the Parish of JVetwahg, in the East Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manors, Lordships, or Townlhins, several Open Fields, Lands, Common Pastures, Leys, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, con-

Pf.

Sue,

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Reagill inclo. Lozvther, and the humble Petition of the several other sure PcUllou* Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the toning by estimation 4,740 acres or thereabouts; and that House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in it would be of great advantage to the persons interested, the 7th year of His present Majesty, for dividing and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and an adequate inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in compenfttion or satisfaction allotted and given in lieu of all the County of Westmorland, whereby certain Persons therein Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, payable for or in re- named were appointed Commissioners for putting the said spect of the said Lands or Grounds so to" be divided and Act into execution} and that the Commissioners so ap-indofed, and also for or in respect of the other Lands and pointed are all dead, without having elected or appointed Grounds within the said several Townships of JV’.twang any other person or persons to succeed them as Commis-and Fimber and the Parish of JVetwang aforesaid: And lioners to put the said Act in execution, and that no

* ’ meetings have been held, nor any proceedings had, to

execute the powers of the said Act, nor has any division or inclosure of the Lands and Grounds, directed by the said Act to be divided and inclosed, taken place in con-Lascelles and Wit. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, sequence thereof} and that the Lands comprized in the the lame. said recited Act consist of large Open Wastes and Commons, which, in their present state, are of little value, and A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- it would be very advantageous to the persons interested, unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And Township and Parish of Hem.(worth, in the West Riding of therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a the County of York, was presented to the House, and read } Bill for repealing the said Act, and for granting other setting forth, That there are within the said Township powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said and Parish several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Open Commons.

Grounds, which, in their present state, are incapable of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant any considerable improvement; but, if the fame were di- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James vided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the Graham and Mr. James Lozvther do prepare, and bring in,

/• in the fame.

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry

P«rfons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may he given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sftd A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put iu execution two Acts, passed in the 28th year of his late Majesty, and 21ft year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of

York, through Kildwick to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and Wdj setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several sums of money on the credit of thcTolls, which have bc$n Vox.. 58.

The other Order of the day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means» d»-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply crrsJ* granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-mcJrroW' Morning, Ten of the clock,

M m

134.

w'ferrnline, ■c. rj.-ttion ct:* i« >:i3, aniiiicred.

Consideration or' Sh.if’telhiiry Election Petition, adjourned.

Hill to amend firand Junction Canal Atf s, p re kilted.

Castlemorton, &c. Inclosure Petition.

89 FebruariL

A. 1803.

Martis, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 43® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803.

Pr avers.

THE hour appointed for taking into confederation the Petition of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, of the Royal Navy; and also, the Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, complaining of an undue

election and double return for the Clals or District of Burghs, consisting of Dunfermline,

Culrofs, and Queens/erry, in Scotland, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Scled Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business i>f the House.

And being returned;

Several Members were sworn.

And the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and four Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Thomas Graham, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for Mr. Cochrane.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

The counsel for Sir John Henderson nominated Charles Dundas, of Berhjldre, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards; and the names of several others were set aside, the Members being'petitioned against, or having presented a Petition, complaining of an undue election or return.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the chunfcl; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into confi-defation the Petition of James Dashwood, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of the trials of contro-" verted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in " Parliament; and for expediting the proceedings relating " thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the cpnsideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to order, a Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of money, to enable them to complete the works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers and provisions of the said Acts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Castlemorton, in the County of Worcester, or within or belonging to a certain Hamlet, District, or Tyth-ing, called The Hill-End Tything, within and part' of the Parish of Longdon, in the said County, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That there are within or belonging to the said Parish of , and the said

Hamlet, District, or Tything, called The Hill-End Ty thing, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and intermixed and Waste Grounds; and, if the fame were inclosed and divided, they might be considerably improved:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sommers Cocks and Mr. Lygou do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Coun- Edinburgh cil Ordinary and Extraordinary of the City of Edinburgh, *!0,cc Pet‘ for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That owing to the extension of the City of Edinburgh, and Villages adjacent, and great increase of the In- -habitants, it has become necessary to have a general system of Police established for the City, Canongate, Pleasance,

South Leith, Saint Anthony's, and Yardheads, the eight Dif-trifts on the south of the City, West Port, and all other places within the present Toll Bars erected on the respective high Roads, and also for North and the Villages of Water of Leith, Bonington, New haven, and Canonmilns, Rest air ig, Jock's Lodge, and Porto Bello, and to have a permanent Magistrate or Justice of the Peace to superintend the whole, with proper powers, and to have deputies where necessary; and that it has likewrife become necessary to have a proper number of Watchmen, both by night and day, appointed, wdtli Constables and other officers, and that a 'lax be imposed upon the whole Inhabitants within the aforesaid places, for defraying the expence of the Police and establishment of the watch, under the administration of Commissioners; and it is necessary to have regulations for sweeping and cleaning every morning the fide pavements and footways on the fides of’ the streets and passages; and that it is necessary to veil the Petitioners with more ample powers, relative to the making and enforcing regulations and fares for hackney coaches, chairs, carts, porters, meters of corns, as well in Edinburgh as in their Port of Leith; and that it is also necessary to extend the royalty over certain grounds lately purchased by the City, and other grounds on the north of the City, belonging in property to George Heriot's Hospital, and the Trustees for David Steuart, Esquire: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r. William Dundas, Mr Dundas, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- chefterRau unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Act Petition, hereinalter mentioned, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Wood tide Ferry in the 1 ownship of Birkenhead, in the County of CJtefter, and from the said City to the Assembly-house in Parkgate, in the lownlinp of Great Necton, in the said County, and from Great Necton aforesaid to the said Woodfide Ferry, and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid to the Road leading from the said City to the said Woodside Ferry; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually attended, improved, and kept in repair, unlefts the term of the said Act is continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration

1*.

T3V

jpebruaru.

135

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the in the County of York, and of the other Persons, whole matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to hands are thereunto subscribed, being severally interested

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cho General &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Otter

in Lands' and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish divers open and uninclosed Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners if the commonable rights were extinguished, and such open and uninclosed Lands were divided and inclosed;

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty s Jkw’ Feti' Gaol, the'Castle of Chester, was presented to the House, And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring and read; complaining of their distre/s, and praying relief, in a Bill for those purposes

Prtifion to csolinn

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Wharton and Mr. Raine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

were agreed to be extinguished, and Commissioners were appointed for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, and the Commissioners named in such agreement have made their award in the premises; and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of wSdAih- Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to Ordered, That Mr. Dichins be added to the Gentlemen/Member

aiKioiurc. the House, and read; setting forth, That there being within who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- ^artet' the said Parish certain Open Pasture Land and Commons suant to the prayer of the Petition of John Orton Fndo-

belonging to the Petitioners and others, which were subject Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Market Orton, otherwise sure to various rights of Iheepwalk and common of pasture, the Overton, and the several other Persons, whole names are Petitioners and other persons interested, conceived it would thereunto subscribed, being Owners of estates in the Parish be of great advantage to them if such right of Iheepwalk of Market Orton, otherwise Overton, in. the County of and common of pasture were extinguished, and if the liiid Rutland. Commons and Grounds were divided and allotted; and ■

that, by certain articles of agreement, bearing date respect A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and.Burgesses of the Southampton tively the 12th day of March and the 16th day of October Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, was ajj7ional 1801, the said rights of Iheepwalk and common of pasture presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petition.

Petitioners have already presented a Petition to the House, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing certain dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, now payable to the Corporation, and for im-that the notices required by the Standing Orders of the proving the trade, and encouraging the navigation of the House, on applying for a Bill for the confirmation and efta- Port of the Town of Southampton, and for other purposes; blishment of the division and allotment of the said Com- and that the present warehouses belonging to the said mons, Lands, and Grounds, have not been given, the quays and wharfs are too small and incommodious for the Petitioners being only five.in number, and having ail exe- trade of the said Port, and for the safe custody of goods cuted the said articles' of agreement, were not allured of and merchandize there: And therefore praying, that leave the necessity of so doing until the time for giving notices may be given to introduce into the said Bill a clause, or of applying for Private Bills, agreeably to such Standing clauses, empowering the erection of proper and coramo-Orders, was elapsed; and that it will be attended with dious warehouses for the safe custody of goods and mer-great inconvenience and loss to the persons interested, if chandizes at the said Port.

leave be not given to bring in a Bill for confirming and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-establishing the division and allotments of the said Com- sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the mons, Lands, and Grounds: And therefore praying, That Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Southampton, leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that purpose, in Common Council assembled, is referred: And that and to give the notices in the present month of February, they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report

and in the month of March next, or either of them. the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the A Petition of the Commissioners of Waterworks within Soutliam(jton matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the Town and County of Southampton, was presented to the pe^t"'nwurk4

them, to the House: House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed 'on’

And it is referred to Mr. Hicks Beach, Admiral Berkeley, in the 20th year of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining the public Conduits, and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton-, and that the powers and provisions of the said Act, and the money raised under and by virtue of the fame have been found too limited, inadequate, and insufficient for the purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that Richmondshire, in the County of York, Impropriators oi the the powers thereof should be amended and enlarged, and ffcctory of Gilling, and Proprietors of divers Messuages, further and other provisions established, for the better and Lands and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Parish more effectually and abundantly liipplying the said Town of Gilling aforesaid, of William Hall, Clerk, Vicar of Gilling with water, and for the prevention and extinguishment of aforesaid, and of the several" other Persons, whose hands fire, by the establishment of Firemen and fire-engines

within the same: And therefore praying, That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. &c.: And

they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend, for persons, papers, and records.

slficlo.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Walter Fawkes, T how as Wy cliffe, and Thomas Swann, Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Gilling, in

an

.;re

"thereunto subscribed, being severally interested in Lands ttnd Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That 'here are within the said Manor and Parish divers Open and uninclosed Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, ar-d it would be advantageous to the Petitioners if the commonable rights were extinguished, and such open and twincloled Lands were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant lathe prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wharton and Mr. Raine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Walter Fawkes*. Thomas Wycliffe, and Yhomas Swann, Esquires, Lords of the Manor of MeAonbji,

VOL.58.

A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto Edinhur k subscribed, Owners of Land in the County of - Road* S burgh, and Trustees of the Turnpike Roads of the said PetlUon' County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Acts were passed in the 24th and 28th years of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the 4th,

24th,

A. 1303.

Gloucester

Bridge

Petition.

Derby Road Petition.

136

8° Februarii.

44th, 45th, 29th, and 38th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh j and that the roads in the said County are, in many places, conducted in an inconvenient and disadvantageous direction, and most of the approaches to the City of Edinburgh are crooked and narrow, and have been found inconvenient, and even dangerous; and though large sums of money have of late years been expended by the Trustees in improving these roads and approaches, yet that object cannot be completely attained unless power be given to borrow a farther sum of money; nor can this sum to be borrowed, or the debts already contracted by the said Trustees be repaid and discharged, unless the said A ft9 shall be altered and amended in such manner as to make the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, and the revenue thence arising more productive, by the repeal of certain exemptions destructive to the roads, and by making the rates of conversion for statute labour and of bridge-money adequate to the present times, and unless the whole of the said Acts shall be rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Mr. William

Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the present Bridge across the River Severn at Gloucester, called The Wjlgate Bridge, is very ancient, and out of repair, and dangerous to Travellers, carriages, and cattle, and that the arches thereof are narrow and inconvenient for the passage of vessels; and it is necessary that the said Bridge should be taken down, and a new one erected at or near the place where the Bridge now Hands; and that the avenues, streets, ways, and roads leading thereto should be opened, widened, and rendered more commodious: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Admiral Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Derby, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road from or near the Village of Glojfep, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the County of Derby, is-much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, by the Laws now in being; and that it would be a great benefit and convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if powers were given for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the lame road, and if powers were also given for making a branch from the lame road, from or near a place called The Lower Fold, in the Hamlet of Ludworth, to Compjlozv Bridge, both in the said County; also another branch from or near a certain place called Gamejley, in the Hamlet of to or near to

another place called Runal Intake, in the Hamlet of Pad-field, in the said County; and also another branch from or near a place called Turnlee, in the Hamlet of Simonley, by Dinting Mill, to a place called Woolley Bridge, in the Hamlet of Hadfield, in the said County, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from aforesaid, to

Claylandi Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, in the County Palatine of Chester: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, Hiat the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Ibrd George Angttjlus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- F.yam . unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of or Persons incioiui* interested in the several Commons and Waste Grounds, Petltio‘‘‘ within the Manor of Eyam ,in the County of 'Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and allotted amongst the several persons interested, it would tend greatly to the improvement of their ellates: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard,

Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned Dunfermline to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com- EI«<ion mittee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which ajipointcaf lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over,

and is as follows:

John B/arkburneof Lancashire, Esquire, Thomas Richard

Beaumont, Esquire, the Honourable Richard Trench, the Right honourable Isaac Corry, the Earl of Eufton, Charles John Brandling, Esquire, Edward Golding, Esquire, Lord Viscount Fitzharris, Robert Williams, Esquire, Manafeh

Lopes, Esquire, Thomas Cholmondeley, Esquire, William Ralph Cartwright, Esquire, Sir William Heaihcote, Baronet,

Thomas Graham, Esquire, Charles Dundas of Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining -

of an undue election and double return for the Class or ...

District of Burghs of Dunfermline, &c. were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr.

■- ? -I

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Carnarvon unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Harbour, setting forth. That, for want of a good Harbour in - e‘mon* tiarvon Bay, on the Coast of the District of Llun, in the County of Carnarvon, a great number of vessels have been from time to time shipwrecked, the lives of many brave Seamen have been loft, and the trade carried on through Saint George's Channel has been thereby materially injured, and is exposed to great risk and peril; and that a good harbour in the said Bay on the coast of the said District of L/un would not only prevent the occurrence of similar misfortunes, and afford shelter and security to vessels trading through the said Channel, but would also facilitate the communication between Great Britain and Ireland % and that if a pier and other works were erected in the Harbour of Porthdinllain, in the said Bay, and on the Coast of the said District, it would be an excellent Harbour, capable of affording complete protection to the largest vessels trading through the said Channel, and would, from its favourable situation and other circumstances, open the most direct, expeditious, and secure communication between London and Dublin: And therefore praying. That leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Madocks, Mr. Ashcton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power tp fend for persons, papers, and record?,

" 1

"•Pi

’u.(

mi ttvun r*a i

iDi

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the cretaries Offices and Apartments, and other public Offices: ffouie, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time in Dublin CaftJe, &c. and for the Riding Charges and other

f"" to be limited, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of expences-of the Deputy Purluivants and extra Mefl'engers

SSii *7^ d?Y December last, for taking into further con- a fumj not exceeding Eighteen thousand Four hundred & liberation, upon Friday next, the Report from the Com- an(j sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Half-mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amend- penny sterling, being Twenty thousand Pounds curing and reducing into one Ad the Laws relating to the rency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying theexpence

Milifia nf Trplavrl rnminiffpn miorhf rn n /■ . i .1 t r* j*

[ afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the as shall be directed by Parliament.

lame were read; and are as followeth; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Mbmm That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred sixty-six Pounds

<M a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny sterling.

Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny being One thousand and forty-llven Pounds Ten Shil-

sterling, being Five thousand Pounds Irish currency, be lings and Two Pence Irish currency, be granted to His

granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Board of First Majesty, for defraying the expence of Pratique in the Port Fruits in Ireland, for building new Churches and rebuild- of Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th iflg old Churches, in such Parishes as no public service has day of January 1804.

been performed in for twenty years last part, and for the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That encouragement of building Glebe Houses, on such terms a sum, not exceeding Three hundred thirteen Pounds Axis they shall think fit, from the 5th day of January 1803 to teen Shillings and eleven Pence sterling, being Three hun-the 5thday of January 1804. dred and forty Pounds currency, be granted to His

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Majesty, to be paid to Stephen Moore, Esquire, Accountant a sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand and seventy- General, as a reward for his expence and trouble in prefix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence sterling, being paring and stating the Public Accounts of to be

Twenty-five thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to laid before this House in this Session of Parliament.

His Majesty, for defraying the probable expence of Civil Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Buildings in Ireland for one year, from the 5th day of Ja- a sum, not exceeding Two hundred twenty-one Pounds &uary 1803 to the .5th day of January 1804. Ten Shillings and Nine Pence sterling, being Two hun-

%&/w</, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That dred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His * sum not exceeding Eight hundred and thirty Pounds Majesty, to be paid to John Smart, Esquire, Deputy Ac-' Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence sterling, being Nine hun- countant General, for his extraordinary trouble in pre-dred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for paring the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for defraying the expence of printing and binding two hun- one year, ending the 5th day of January 1803. dred and fifty copies of the Acts of the third Session of That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

fte United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland. a sum not exceeding Seven hundred thirty-eight Pounds

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nine Shillings and Three Pence sterling, being Eight hun- sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred and dred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, ^ghty.five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence to be paid to Sir John Tydd, Baronet, in confederation of sterling, being Seven thousand and twenty-six Pounds his attendance, care, and expence, in the office of Paymaster Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny Irish currency', of Corn Bounties in Ireland.

k granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of Resolved^hzt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That publishing Proclamations and Advertis’ements in the a sum not exceeding One hundred eighty-four Pounds Dublin Gazette, and other newspapers, in Ireland, from Twelve Shillings and Four Pence sterling, being Two hun-5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January dred Pounds Irish currency, tie granted to His Majesty, to *804. be paid to Paul le Bas, Esquire, Examinator of Com

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bounties, for his trouble in keeping the Accounts of the 4fum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight hundred said office.

forty Pounds sterling, being Twenty thousand Four Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That hundred and Ten Pounds Irish currency, be granted to a lum, not exceeding Two hundred and thirty Poupds His Majesty, for defraying the charge of printing, station- Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence sterling, being Two hun-*ry, and other dilburfoments, for the chief and under Se- dred and fifty P-ounds Irish currency, be granted to His

138

Majesty, to be paid to Robert Marshall, Esquire", Inspector General of Imports and Exports, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for Parliament, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a lum, not exceeding One hundred eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence sterling, being Two hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Rogers Wether all, Esquire, first Clerk in the office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in Ireland, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence sterling, beingTwo hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to George Hatton, Esquire, Examinator of Excise in / reland, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence sterling, being One hundred and fifty Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Samuel Hood, Esquire, Assistant Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence sterling, beingTwo hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to ’Thomas Haffield, Esquire, Clerk in the office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred Forty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence sterling, being One thousand Seven hundred eighty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence Irifl) currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied by the Commissioners of the Trea. fury in Ireland, in working His Majesty's Gold Mine in the County of IVicklozv, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred eighty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence sterling, being Three hundred and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of printing one thousand five hundred copies of an Index to the Acts of the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His pre-lent Majesty, being the two last Sessions of the Parliament of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence sterling, being Four thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of building Law Offices in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Four hundred forty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence sterling, being Twenty-one thousand and sixty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three hundred sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny sterling, being Four hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, from the 5 th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804, in such manner as His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny sterling, being Six hundred and feveaty-five Pounds currency, be granted

A. 1803.

to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Society for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion in Ireland, from the 3th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny sterling, being Four hundred eighty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan House, near Dublin, for maintaining, cloathing, educating, and apprenticing, deserted Female Children, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand and thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny IterUng, being Two thousand two hundred Pounds currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin for Employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and young Criminals convicted in a summary way before Justices of the Peace, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand One hundred fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence sterling, being Seventeen thousand Five hundred Pounds Irifl} currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred eighty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny sterling, being Two thousand and forty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred fifty, three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence sterling, being Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred and three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny sterling, being Six thousand Three hundred and ninety-five Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty* for defraying the Expences of supporting the Lock

Hospital in Dublin, from the 3th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four hundred seventy-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny sterling, being Five hundred fifteen PoundsNine Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny Irifl} currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Maintenance of the Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Three hundred twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sixpence sterling, being Eighteen thousand Seven hundred sixty-five Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of supporting tha House of Industry in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 3th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Three hundred and eighty-four Pounds Tw'elve Shillings and Four Pence sterling, being Eight thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Establishment of the Roman Catholic Seminary at nooth, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence sterling, being Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish currency,

be

8a Felruarii.

90 KJtiV.

8°—9° Feb

139

be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Commissioners The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day on the business of the House. of January 1804. And being returned;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Several Members were sworn. a sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Two hundred and And the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and one thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence sterling, hundred and fifty-three Members being present; being Nine thousand Seven hundred Pounds Irish currency The Counsel and Agents were called in. net, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Corpora- And the door being locked;

tion for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the streets of The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into

Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day consideration was read.

of January 1804. ' And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in

- - - - ...... - the usual manner.

And the name of Sir Thomas Theophilus , Baronet,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thousand and seventy-six Pounds

Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence sterling, being Five thou- being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Com-sand Five hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to mittee by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence sterling, being Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden at Glajf-tevin, or other purposes of the said Society, with the Approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and forty-six Pounds Three-Shillings and One Penny sterling, being Two thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to

And the name of Henry Howard, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Sir John Frederick, Baronet, being drawn, he stated to the House, that he is now serving as one of the Grand Jury attending the Court appointed by a special Commission foi the trial of certain persons in the County of Surrey; and the said Member having verified the lame upon oath, he was exculed from serving on the said Committee: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being fixiy years of age or upwards; and the names of several others were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of Forty-nine names being com-

His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Farming plete. Lists of the said names were delivered to the coun-Society of Ireland, for one year, ending the 5th day of fel> an(d the door being opened, the counsel and agents January 1804. withdrew.

The twenty-four first Resolutions of the Committee,

being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The twenty fifth and twenty-sixth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time;

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom Canterbury the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- "d0^ver unto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into execution paition, an Act, made in the 31ft year of the reign of His present l'eP°lted-

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be re-committed to Majesty, for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The twelve next Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

in the City of Canterbury, to a place called Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the , . _ Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been read a second time, an Amendment was proposed to be complied with j and that the Committee had examined the made thereunto, by adding, at the end thereof, the words matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-

" port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hous; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and

" in such manner as shall be directed by his Excellency " the Lord Lieutenant And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rejohed, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended: That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny sterling, being Two

is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:—And,

Mr. John Hodges being examined, said, That the Trustees , . have proceeded to carry the said Act into execution, and

thousand Pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, have laid out considerable sums in making the new Road, lor defraying the Expences of the Farming Society of Ire- ' and in repairing and widening the old Road, and have bor-W, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804, in rowed several lums of money, which still remain due and such manner as shall be directed by his Excellency the owing, on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which

L>rd Lieutenant.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

money so borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but the powers of the said Act are insufficient for the purposes thereby intended; and unless the term and powers thereof are enlarged, altered, and amended, and the Tolls payable thereby are increased, the said Road cannot be kept in repair, nor the money so borrowed, nor the interest thereof, be paid off and discharged.—And the Witness added. That it would greatly facilitate the execution of the several purposes intended by the said Act, if the fame were repealed, and better provisions made.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-

Mercurii, 9° die Februarii;

Anno 43® Georgii I1I, U Regis, 1803.

Prayexs. . ,-----B—______0__________ Wl

rT'HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Pea|jnS ar^ Act, made in the 31ft year of the reign of His

Petition of James Dashwood, Esquire, complaining of Pre‘en^ Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a new

w "Mue election and return for the Borough of Shafion, " Road from Saint in the City of Canterbury,

JFjkShaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, being come;

ae House proceeded to the appointment of a Select

ommittee, to try and determine the merits of the said "etition.

" to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and " widening the present Road from thence to the Turn-" pike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of " Kent," and for making further and better provision for the,

several

{j

140

9* Febntdrii.

A. 1803.

several purposesof the said Act: And that Sir William Geary the clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber; and have Power to and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the lame. lend for persons, papers, and records.

ud ft one tad Hill, mini tied.

A Petition of the several Persons,

whose names are there- Go.WlSinrr*

RoadPeritiotfc

putting in execution

unto subscribed, being Trustees for two A As, passed as herein after mentioned, was pre ten ted to the House, and read; letting forth. That, an Act was passed in the ill year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and repairing, a lload from the

s\d Hutton

iclosure

:tition.

A Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the MatdfioneTurnpike Gate, situate

on the Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of

Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Faience, in the County of Kent, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Hotiywood, &tc,: And they are to meet this Af- north-calf tide of the Street Road, next internoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The

New Road, over the fields and grounds to Old Street Road A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Cutler Rudston Read, opposite to the Dog house Bar, and at and from the Doghouse Clerk, and Richard Darley, Esquire, Lords of the Manor Bar to the end of Street, by the Artillery Ground;

of Sand Hutton, in the Parish of Boffall, and County of and that an Act was passed in. the 23d year of His said York, and of the several other Persons, whole hands are present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the thereunto subscribed, being severally interested in lands said recited Act; and that the Trustees have proceeded to and hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was put the said Acts in execution, and several considerable presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the are, within the said Manor, divers open and uninclosed Tolls, which money Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and it would be nor can the said Road be properly maintained and im-advantageous to the Petitioners if the fame were divided proved, unless the term of the said Acts be further con* and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave maybe tinued, and the provisions thereof altered, amended, and given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. enlarged 5 and it is necessary that forne part or parts of the

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant laid Road should be paved: And therefore praying, That to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes

iriint Alban’s Jhurch Bill,

jrciejitc'd.

J

1

Petition of Woollen Mart u failure rs of Shepton Mallet.

Wharton and Mr. Raine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grimflonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel

thereof; and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideracion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend lor persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Occupiers Petition front '/ of Lands, in the County of Stafford, and in the County of Stafiordlh, rc>

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers, in the Woollen Trade, of the Town and neighbourhood of Shepton Mailed, in the County of Some)jet, was presented complaining of the existing Taxes upon Malt, and parti-

1 it _ r 1 1 r .. r ... 1. _ 1 n. •_ r 1 , j:*:____i in.-a... l^a. i.. :_j . a _ j ____

Warwick, adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Malt butis*.

to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the last Session a Duty of £. 3. 12 s.per cwt. of the value was imposed upon Indigo imported from the East Indies, and used in the dying of Woollen and other goods, but the ;iid Duty is not charged upon the importation of Indigo

cularly of the additional Duty lately imposed: And praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Petition* from the East Indies, in case such Indigo be warehoused Town of Leek, in the County of Andalfo, Dwiw'on

and exported directly from the warehouse or warehouses A Petition of the thereunder-signed Brewers, on behalf Beer, to. in which the lame shall have been lodged or deposited; of themselves and others, exercising the trade of Brewing;

and that, in consequence of such exemption, the Foreign Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers, of Woollen and other Goods, exporting Indigo from this kingdom, are enabled to underlell the Petitioners in the foreign market: And therefore praying for a repeal of the said Duty, or such other relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

venting ton Petition.

Were feveraJIy presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Duties charged upon Beer and Ale are partial and oppressive, inasmuch as the lame only afifedt those persons who brew such Beer and Ale for sale, and . not the Public in general: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and grant such relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon, the Table.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses in KensingtonSquare, and in Young Street and James Street,

communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was pre- Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, Weymouth fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees forputting ""^beiteetf Laws in being are insufficient to compel all the Owners in execution an A<fl of the 1 ft year of the reign of His CRoad* and Occupiers of Houses in the said Square and Streets present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads Petition, to pave and repair the fame in a proper and uniform leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Mel- report manner, or to defray the expences of duly watching and combe Regis, and , in the County of Dorset, and

lighting the said Square and Streets, or to remove or pre- also an Act of the 22d year of the reign of His said Ma-vent nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein, or jesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the first-;

to repair, and keep in repair, the fence of the said Square, mentioned Act, was referred; That the Committee had and improve the fame; and that if power was given to examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the •certain persons to be appointed Commissioners to effectuate House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; the above purposes, it would be a great security and con- and that the Committee had examined the matter of the ' " ' " " ' T* 4 1 said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. John Manfield being examined, said, That the

a:

V-l!

venience to the Public, as well as to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con* frleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louie;

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdett, Sec.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts,‘

and

"4

A

40 LrliO. J11.

9° Fcbrua

141

MTft

afna

&R»

XS

JX*

CM

i 0 '«'

and have borrowed a considerable sum of* money on the credit of the Toils thereby granted, which, togetJier with the said Tolis, hath been applied according to the directions of the said Acts; but the said money {till remains

"nrh ad drwood

-wine

-ta,

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Whitbread, &c.:

, And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the

due, and cannot be paid on, and the said Road kept in clock, in the Speaker’s chamber; and have Power to lend good repair, un lets the terms of the said Acts are further forperlons, papers, and records, continued, and feme alterations and amendments made

therein.-—And the Witness further laid. That it will be A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Greenhiit

necessary that the Tolls tliould be increased. unto liiblcribed, being Trustees for executing the Ad here- K:U>eig«

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to con- inafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Road* tinue and amend two Acts, severally passed in the lit and setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 21ft year of PetlUoa*

22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Wey-and altering, the Road from the present Turnpike Road mouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the upon Green/iill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby,

Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church to Hathersage, in the same County, through the several in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset: Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hathersage, in the said

And that Mr. Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt County; and also the Road from the Road leading from do prepare, and bring in, the fame, Chesterfield to Hernjione Lane Head, near Stoney Middleton,

to Totley, through the several Parishes of Hope,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the said County; and that unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands the Trustees have proceeded to put the said A<fl in execu-and Tenements within the Honor of Penrith and Fore ft of tion, and have for that purpose borrowed several con-lnfiewood, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to siderable sums of money upon the credit of the Tolls, which the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually repaired, the several Parishes of Penrith, Rdenhall, Salke/d otherwise widened, altered, and kept in repair, unless the term Great Salkeld, Lazenby, Hejhett, Wether al, Hutton, and granted by the said Act is continued, and feme of the

Newton, the Township of Middlefcough and Braithwaite, in powers and provisions thereof altered and amende d, and the Parish of Saint Mary Carlifie, and the Townships of the Tolls increased; and that it would be a great conveni-Ratightoiiand Gaitfgill, and Ivegill, in the Parish of Dalfion, ence and accommodation to the Public, if the said I ruftees ' " r ’ ' " r r ' r' were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a

certain branch of Road from Totley aforesaid, along the South-eallwardly fide of certain woods, called

in the Honor of Penrith, and Forest of aforesaid,

or in one of them, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by estimation, 28,000 acres, and it would be of great advantage to the persons interested if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Woods and Milne Houses, to come into and join the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield aforesaid to in

Chesterfield

I __________ _ ____ the County of York, near the full mde-llone thereon from

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Sheffield aforesaid; at or near to a certain place between the to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wallace said mile-stone and Sheffield, commonly called Goose Green; and Mr. James Graham do prepare, and bring in, the fame. and also another branch of Road from a small Bridge near

to and on the Weft fide of the present Toll Bar or Turn-

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Com- pike Gate on the High Moors, commonly called Bar, monalty, of the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bed* to or near to a certain cupola called Mr. Bn, her s Cupola, ford, and of the several other Persons whose names are there- and from thence along a Road called the Road, to

unto subscribed, beino- Inhabitants of the fame Borough, come into and join the before-mentioned Road from Chef was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That terfield to Hernjione Lane Head, at or neai to BafloiV, in the the said Town is a populous trading Borough, and public said County of Derby: And therefore praying, l hat leave Markets have for time immemorial been held there on cer- may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. tain days in every week, and a public Fair at divers times Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-in every year; and that the Guildhall of the said Town is sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the in a ruinous and decayed state, and the present Market- matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to places and Butchers Shambles are inconveniently situated them, to the House:

for the purposes of the Market; and that the several Streets, And it is referred to Lord George Avgv.ftus Henry Caven-Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Mr. &c.: And they are to meet ^Tommorrow

said Town, are in many parts incommodious to Passengers, Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker s Chamber^ very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, watched, and have Power to fend for persons, papeis, and records.

or watered, and are subject to various nuisances, annoy-arm, encroachments, and obstructions; and that the present Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town, is very ancient, narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, for the paf-kng of persons, carriages, and cattle, over the lame, and the piers of the said Bridge are so constructed as to impede the current of the said river in time of flood; and that it would contribute much to the benefit and convenience of the In-habiiants of the said Town, and to all persons who shall Jeoccafiont0 resort thereto, if the present Guildhall, Market-places, and Butchers Shambles, were taken down, a new Guildhall, and new Market Houses and Butchers him'oles, with proper Shops, and other buildings and con-^tuencics, were erected, and the flrcets and avenues leading

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- WormhiU unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Owners ^11? of Estates within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Liberty certain Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, 800 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided and indofed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition:

__________ ,_ & ____ And that Lord

thereto widened and improved, and if the streets, and other Augufius Henry Cavendish and Mr, Mundy do prepare, and public passages and places, within the said Town, were prow bring in, the lame.

paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, watered,

'^proved, and regulated; and also if the said Bridge over the The House was moved, That the several Orders, made Orders for ever Uuze was taken down and rebuilt, and proper ave- upon Thursday last, for laying before the House Copies of ce, rtai" PjPers v,re,<ayS’ Paifa§cs’ 'cading to the said intended Bridge, certain Letters from Lord Macartney and the Council of ini TCX 1 and made commodious: And therefore pray- Fort Saint George, and other Papers respectine the Carnatic clV-'d’and b> that leave may be eiven to brine in a Bill for the Dur- mient be read. ' * °,ther.s or'

pufes af [' 1' &lven to bring in a Bill for the pur-

_ GUtnd, That the said Petition be referred to the con-4 Committee: And that they do examine the

might be read

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy O o

derccU

or

Carnarvon Roads Petition.

142

9°. Februarii.

A. 1803.

or such Extracts of a Letter from Lord Macartney and the Council of Fort Saint George to the Supreme Council of Bengal, dated May 26th 1783, as have any relation to the Nabob of Arcot, or to the affairs of his Government.

Ordered, Thai there be laid before this House, a Copy or Extracts of a Letter from Lord Macartney and the Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated December ift 1784, on the fame subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Ext rafts of a Letter from Lord Macartney to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated January 24th 1784, on the fame subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Extracts of a Letter from Lord Macartney to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Calcutta, July 17th 1785, on the fame subject.

Ordered, That there be ISid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Lord Macartney to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Deal, January 8 th 1786,

with its Enclosures.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Minute of Lord Hobart and the Council of Fort Saint George, dated October24th 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Minute of Lord Hobart and the Council of Fort Saint George, dated November 24th 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or such Extracts of all Letters from Lord Macartney, and all the successive Governors of Fort Saint George, fir.ce 1781, to the Court of Directors, or the Secret Committee; and of all Minutes of those respective Governors, as have relation to the Nabob of Arcot, or to the affairs of his Government.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Claimants, and the amount of their Claims, on the late Nabobs of the Carnatic, Wallay ah, and Omdut ul Omrah, in the classes of Debt generally styled the Old Consolidated, the Consolidated Debt, the Cavalry Loan, and the Floating or Unadjufted Debt, as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of a Letter, or Letters, from Mr. Charles Darke to the Government of Madras, relative to the Justice of the Claim in the new Consolidated Debt, and all the Proceedings had thereon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates or Inhabitants within or near the several Parishes or Places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Portinllaen, in the District of Llun, in the County of Carnarvon, through or near a place called Tan-y-Graig Bodvean, in the same County, to or near the Village of Llanyftymdwy, in the same County, and from thence through or near the Town of Criccieth, the Village of Penmorja, and a place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, in the same County, to join the Turnpike Road leading to the Town of Bala, in the County of Merioneth, at or near a place called Caunant, in the same County, and from the said place called Tan-y-Graig Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, in the said County of Carnarvon, and from thence to or near the Village of Llanyflym-<&cvaforesaid, and from or near the said place called Cerrig-y-Rhivydivr, through the Village of in the County of Carnarvon, through the Vale of Nanthivynant, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Bangor Ferry, in the said County of Carnarvon, to or near Pentre Voelas, in the County of Denbigh, at or near a place called Capel Cer-rig, in the said County of Carnarvon, through the several Parishes of Edern, Cetdio, Nefin, Bodvean, Llannor, Denio, Abereircli, Llanarmon, Llanyjlymdw, Criccieth, Penmorja, Tnyfcynhauarn, hlanjihangel-y-Pennant, Beddgelert, Llanberris,

Dolwyddelan, Capel Cerrig, and in the said

County of Carnarvon, and Llanfrotben, in the said County of Merioneth, will be of great benefit, and attended with much convenience and accommodation to the Petitioners 6

and others, tire Owners of Estates or Inhabitants within of near the said Parishes and Places; and that such new Road will open a shorter and better communication than there is at present with England, and between various other parts of the Principality of Wales, and will also be of great public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Madocks, Sir Robert Williams,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, ac- Bucklefham, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, fcnted. within the several Parishes of Bucklesham and Foxhall, in the County ox Suffolk :And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open VVroxton and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of IVroxton and Balfcot, in the Parish of IVroxton, in the Counly of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; let ting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields, and other Lands and Grounds, contain together, by estimation, i,8co acres, and the Petitioners are desirous that the fame may be divided and in* doled: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Gra-ham, and Mr. Dudley North do prepare, and bring in, t ire fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of He»cr5ian» Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Heversham, in the County of Westmorland, who have right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- ,

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several very large and extensive tracts of Open Commons, Moors, Mosses, MofTJales,

Brackendales, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, 1

containing 5,000 acres and upwards; and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, considerable advantage would arise ‘

from the improvement and cultivation thereof: And ' '

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in 3

Bill for those purposes. ':;i

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant !

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham and Sir Michael le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Archer Houblon, Esquire, principal Welford Owner and Proprietor of certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of IVclford, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered more commodious and beneficial to the persons interested:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham and Mr. Charles Dnnclas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

• i

.'■-J

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open North"1 and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Lw 4;

berties and Precincts of Northnewton, otherwise Nortlmew- ;-y

ington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford, r:

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That -

the .'-4

UliV# illi

Febriia

143

Ki'ewoftby t^Wade-Vilce Read Priioo#

feryhinton

ix'oiurc

foiion.

‘he P? ° ® J"b ra‘d and Esquire, Bullet, Esquire, , Esquire,

Grounds may be divided and mclosed: And therefore CWtf Cockerell, Esquire, the Honourable praying, I hat leave may be given to bring ,n a Bill for George Esquire, Afe? Jodrell, Esquire, Charles

those purposes. Morgan, Esquire, the Marquis of Bland ford, Andrew Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Strahan, Esquire, >//; Esquire, G^mr Pr/er /fc/-

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James ford, Esquire, Sir Thomas Metcalfe, Baronet,

Gra&w* and Mr. AW/<?y Afcr//i do prepare, and bring in, Henry Hoiuard, Esquire.

the fame. And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- of an undue election and return for the Borough of unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Shaftejbu, were livorn by the Clerk at the Table, in the Acts herein after mentioned, and Creditors upon the Toils usual manner.

thereby granted, was presented to the House, and read; And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew,

setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 33d year of Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing Holeworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of the trials of controverted elections.

Cornwall, to the Eall end of JVadebridge, in the said

County, and from the Weft end of IVadebridge aforesaid, Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom the Borough-

intoand through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said Petition of the Trustees of the high Road from - bpe[fte;0 a

County, which was continued by an Act, passed in the bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the fame reported/ aid year of His present Majesty; and that considerable County, and from thence to on the River Tees,

sums of money'have been borrowed on the credit of the was referred; That the Committee had examined, and said Acts, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to and the said Roads properly amended and kept in repair, Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Unless the said Acts, which are near expiring, be continued. Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted incrcated and and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared enlarged: And therefore, praying. That leave may be given to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi- Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, three several Acts, made in the 16th and 2 2d years of the reign '

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 24th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and keeping the said road in repair, were read:—And,

Mr. Ckrijlopher Charge being examined, said. That by virtue of the powers given by the said Acts, several sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which money cannot be repaid, and the road kept in sufficient repair, unless the term and powers -granted by the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three Acts, made in the 16th and 22d years of the reign of his late

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gregor, &c.:

And they are to meet To,-morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moor, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hinton, commonly called Cherryhinton, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors, Majesty King George the Second, and in the 24th year of it the said Lands and Grounds were divided, allotted, and the rejCTn of His present Majesty, for repairing the high mdofed, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore Roa(, £om in the County of to Ca~

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for therick ;n the same County, and from thence to

those purposes

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Lord Charles Somerset Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

on the River Tees: And that Mr. Burden, Mr.

and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

I k-r'are I teioi

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Lincoln unto subscribed, being interested in the several Lands and Mao A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the unto subscribed, being respectively Proprietors of Estates House, and read; setting forth. That there are divers Open in the Parish of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge, Arable Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons, Lammas was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Grounds, and Fen Grounds, called The The Fen

there are within the said Parish certain old Inclosures, Lincoln Fields, The Long , Rujhy Hill, The Short Leys, mdalfo divers Open Arable Fields, Common Meadows, The , The Wong, The Two Carlines Pieces, The

Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, some Shooting Leys, The Two Somerby Pieces, The Croft, and The puts whereof are subject to certain rights of common, Park C/ofe, situate within the several Parishes of Saint Iheepwalk, and (backage, or other commonable rights; Mary and in

and it would be very beneficial to the several persons in- Saint Peter in liajlgate. Saint Martin, and all

tereded if such rights were extir.guished, and if the said in the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of lands and grounds were divided and inclosed, and com- Saint Margaret as lies within the said City; and there are Perdition made, in lieu of the Tythes of all the lands and also certain small parcels of waste lahd lying within the gwunds within the said Parish: And therefore praying, said City, but not appropriated to any particular Parish;

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those and it would be a great convenience and advantage to all purposes. persons interested, if a certain part of The Short Leys and

Ordered, Thai leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant the Oxpajlure were laid together, let out, and appropriated 1° the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary as and for a Common to be used and enjoyed by such it Wir and Lord Charles Somerset Manners do prepare, and of the Freemen of the said City as are resident in the °nng in, the fame. Northern District thereof, and by the Inhabitants of the said District, and of the Bail and Close of Lincoln, and The ccunfel and agents before-mentioned being returned certain other persons; and if the said open arable fields,

IW.4 '°.^e ®lr> the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Com- meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, were delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which divided and inclosed, and the said lammas grounds dif-11 the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; charged of common right, and inclosed, and a compenla-Tl* a\lo^ows '• tion made for the fame: And therefore praying, that leave

the Honourable Thomas Maitland, William Baldwin, may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

°U Ordered,

\--y

■*tc

A. 1803.

rf^Hey

>or uid in i -of ad Petition,

•or ted.

■ right helm-on Chapel etiuon*

shit veil and ackf >rd clofu e tition.

144

9° Fcbrua

u.|

Ordered, That leave be g'ven to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. EUifon and Mr. Sibthorp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the Roads leading from the "Turnpike Road upon Gartkerley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the

laid Turnpike Road near Smallway across the River Tecs, to IVinftoti, in the said County of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the said Roads, were read :—And,

Mr. Thomas Harrifnt, Clerk to the Trustees of the said Roads, being examined, said. That in pursuance of the j.’owers given by the said Acts, considerable sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the roads effldually amended and kept in sufficient repair, unless the term and powers granted by the* said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, made in the ift and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gathsrlcy Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near across the River

Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham: And that Mr. Bur don, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Hudson, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Brighthin the County of Sussex, and of the Persons whose names are thereunto luh-lcribed, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Town of Bright helmston hath of late years considerably increased, and is still likely to increase in extent of buildings and number of inhabitants; and that the situation of the church of Saint Nicholas, which is the parish church of the said Pan Hi, being, by reason of its distance from the greater part of the Town, inconvenient to the Inhabitants in general,‘and having been found not sufficient for their accommodation, and that of the persons occasionally reporting to the place, and the Petitioner being seised in fee fiinple of a certain piece of freehold ground, situated in the said Town of Bright helmston, containing about 63 feet square, did, at his own expence, cause to be erected thereupon a building, intended fora place of Divine worship, to be a Chapel of ease to the said church of Saint Nicholas, and the fame is already completed and furnished for that purpose: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Eill for establishing the said building as a Chapel of cale to the said church of Saint Nicholas.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fid era lion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Lennox, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor persons, papers, and records.

A Pet ition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto lubtcribed. Owners of Estates in the Parillies of IVhilveell and Hackford, in the County of Norfolk, was pre-

fented to the House, and rea,d; setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Y\ afte Lands, containing together, by estimation, 225 acres or thereabouts, exclusive of a certain proportion of the commons and waste lands in the Parish of called

the Lower Common; and that the said lands and grounds cannot at present be occupied so advantageously as they might be if they were divided and inclosed, and compensation made to the persons entitled to a right of Iheepwalk over the lame; And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to tire prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Jacob Henry Afley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that some of the Commis- Account* lioners of the Customs attended at the door; they were presented. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported Prohibited into the warehouses in New Street, Bishopfgale , and Saint Helen s, for China, Coalt, Surat, and all the private

Trade prohibited Goods in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1801 to Michaelmas 1802, what exported during that period, and what remained at Michaelmas 1802, as per Accounts: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported Bo, into the Bengal Warehouse in New Street, Bishopsgate Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1801 to Michaelmas 1802; also what exported during that time, and what remained in the said warehouse at Michaelmas 1802: And

Tit

J

;.a

fi

n

a

1

.i

:i

dt

-?! <1

also, :;i

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining d». in His Majesty's warehouse in the Port ot London at !;>

Michaelmas 1801, what have been fmee brought in, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1802: And ailb, "

An Account of Ecfl India Goods prohibited to be worn j>. in this Kingdom in the respective warehouses in the Out-Ports at Michaelmas 1801, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1802: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods which re-mained out of the Bengal and Coast warehouses in New

o,

Street, Bishopsgate Street, private trade warehouses, and the Custom-house in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1801, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been •-

since delivered out, what returned, and what remained -

out at Michaelmas 1802: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rvjfia into Naval Store* the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1801 to Michaelmas fl0ra Ru‘iuu . 1802: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into d* the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-Ports, from Michaelmas 1801 to Michaelmas 1802: And also, s

An Account of the number of Ships which have been whale Ships. -employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and;

the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their names, tonnage.

Ports from whence they were fitted out, Ports where discharged, and also the quantity of Blubber imported in each ship in the year 1802: And also,

A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the service LiltofPerfow .. of the Customs, and have been placed upon the superan-nuation fund, since the 12th February 1802, the day on s«iper!mm»-which the last lift was submitted. tionFuud.

And then they withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst , 1

the other papers of this Session.

The House being informed t hat Mr. Whitehead, Secretary Account of to the Tran 1 port Board, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the number of Vessels, and the amount of their Tonnage, together with the number of Men and , "

Boys employed in navigating the lame, which were employed either in the Tianlport service or as armed Ships,

between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January '■

1S05; distinguishing each year. ’T

And then lie withdrew; and the Title was read. T

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to 'Append, this volume. (No.:

Mr. '•*

act in*

—10' Februarii.

145

iJ.OtOK

mikbUiis* Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk bad as being sixty years of age or upwards; jEiWa prepared, and laid upon the Table, a Lid of the Names ' and other names were let a/ide, the Members being

‘atu‘* of ajj the Members of the House who had delivered in petitioned against.

lifts, in pursuance of the di regions of an Act, passed in And Jilts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the- counsel; the door was opened, and the counsel and agents further regulation of the Trial of Persons accu fed of cer- withdrew, tain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

inti

ited.

Sited

ndj

#TTtd.

| fmwd

JMmos,

I ted.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Refohed’, That this House upon Friday next, re-solve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Con fide ratio* sideration the Petition of William Mellijh Esquire ;■ and GJfJt

a lib, the Petition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, severally com- Election plaining of an undue election and return for the Borough Petition, of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln-, a joume . -

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- adjourned till , at Three of the clock in the

solve itself into a Committee of the ivhoJe House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the- clock.

Jovis, 10° die

Anno 430 Georgii II1, U Regis, i8oj. Prave RS.

Afternoon.

The Lord Hazvkesbury nrefented to the House, by His Convention

M- n , , l- with A moms

ajesty s command, prelected.

Copy of a Convention between -His Majesty and the United States of America, ligned at London, the 8th of January 1802.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The laid Paper is interred in the Appendix to this Appendix, 1 volume. (No. 22.)'

Robert Httrft, Esquire, being cholen a Burgess, to serve' in Steyning this present Parliament, for the Borough of Shaft on, other-. w,>t* 1

I j*

L^iv-D,

I tea cuuiered,

rpHE hour appointed for taking into consideration the wife Shaftesbury, in the County of and also a Burgess

A Petition of William Cony ng ham Esquire, L. L.D.

complaining of an undue election and return for the College and University of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, near

Lublin, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the bulinds of the House.

And being returned;

for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sifex, made his election to serve for the said Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue h;s warrant to the Clerk cl the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to letTe in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Steyning, in 'the County of Sussex, in the

room of the said Robert

A Petition of the several Trustees, whefe names arc white Parish thereunder subscribed, appointed in and by virtue of two ' R.°acts

r k l\ . t . 1 1 iretiuoii*

frfennina-

Mr. Baldwin, from the Select Committee, who were

several Acts, made in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and ap- the 22cl year of His present Majesty', for repairing and

filluJ*

P0*11^ to try and determine the merits of the Petition of widening the Roads from a pond late belonging to •jEkition. famesDajhwood, Esquire, complaining ot an undue election Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of in the County

and return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, ol Wilts, to the top of and from thence over

in the County of Dorset, informed the House, that the Bridge and Middle through Rom fey Infra to

S'J n 1 , 1 1 TT__ J_ 7 7> * / * . I r •' ,

fy:Tl

.•‘3

Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, was preferred to the il-afe, and read; setting forth, 'That the Petitioners have made great progress in the execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several considerable sums of money upon the credit thereof, which, together with the That the Petition of the said James Dashwood, Esquire, Tolls, have been applied in making and keeping the said did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivoious roads in repair, and for such other purposes as by the said or vexatious. Acts are directed; but that the said roads cannot be effec-

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered tually maintained and repaired, and the money borrowed,

and now due on the credit thereof repaid, unless the term and powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Hurji, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to five in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and leven Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

-j

And it is referred to Sir Wil Mr. Chute, c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, of the clock, in ^he Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

And the lift of the names of forty-nine Members being

William Smith, Esquire, of Wefimeath, was nominated by to fend for persons, papers, and records.

the counsel for the Petitioner, and James Trail, Esquire, by , ,r Petition ie

the counsel for the fitting Member, to serve on the said A Petition of the thereunder-signed Brewers on behalf Committee of themselves, and ot others exercising the trade ot Brew- £>utitV<m

Note.That in the course of drawing the names, the ing, was presented to the House, and read; complaining

name of the Lord HawkeJLury, one of His Majesty’s of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private

principal Secretaries of State, was drawn, who Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer; and pray-

ltated, that he conceived it would be attended with the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

*11

material inconvenience to public business if be was to serve on the said Committee; and having verified the lame upon oath, he was excused: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were Vow. 58.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Bim'vngU u other Inhabitants of the Town of Birminin the County p^'J^1

P p of w‘tl9B*

146

10° Fcbruam.

A. 1803.

a i

Birmingham Work house Petition.

ounhntlier-Icy Inclosure Petition#

Staverton,8cc*

inclosure

Petition.

of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Birmingham is very large and populous, and the Inhabitants thereof, particularly the Artificers and Handicrafts-men, have of late years greatly increased; and that in the said Town there are only "two Churches and three small Chapels, which are not luffi- -ciently large to contain the Inhabitants resorting thither for the purpose of Divine worship; and that it would be of great benefit and utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town if a free Church was built in the said Town, for celebrating Divine worship, according to the rites of the Church ot England, and if a fit residence was provided for a Clergyman to officiate or do duty therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confide rati on of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen. Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, assessed to the Poors’ Rates, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others paying to the relief of the Poor within the said Town and Parish, was presented to file House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty for providing a W orkhouse, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish, which Act has been found defettive and insufficient for the purposes for which it was passed; and that the Town of Birmingham, though divided into two Turishes, yet, with respect to the maintenance and relief of the Poor, is considered as one Parish; and that the Poor in the said Parish arc very numerous, and have of late years greatly increased, and are become very' expensive and burthensome to the Inhabitants, and if they were placed under the management of Directors, and proper and convenient houses provided for their reception and employment, and proper powers granted for their support, government, and employment, they wmuld be better maintained and provided for, and the Rates for their relief less burthensome: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and for the better relief and employment of the Poor within the said Town and Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Lord Gower, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Downhatherly, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands; and, if the fame were divided and allotted, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard, Admiral Berkeley, and the Marquis of ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Staverton, with the Chapelry of Boddtngton annexed, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish and Chapelry, several Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, and, if the fame 8

were divided and allotted, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.:

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard,

Admiral Berkeley, and the Marquis of , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Baron Clif- Dart, See. y. ford, of Chv.dleigh, and Samuel Lane, of Totness, in the County of Devon, Clerk, for and on behalf ol themselvesand others*

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the period, as by Law established, for restraining the taking and killing ot Salmon and other Fi111 in the Rivers Dart,

Teing, and Plym, within the County of Devon, and the several rivulets and llreams of water communicating therewith, has been found by experience inconvenient and detrimental to the preservation and encouragement of the breed of fish within those rivers, and it is therefore expe- '

dient and proper that the time of restraining the taking and killing of fish within those Rivers should be altered and enlarged, and that ioruc ether regulations should be adopted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Eford, Mr.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the

clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend .:

for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Ship Owners redding within the Port Petition of of Kirka/dv, in the County of Fife, North Britain, was pre- ofiCirfaUdy* '

fented to the House, and read; complaining of an Act, against r

passed in the last Session, for impoGng certain Duties on •'

the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels: And praying for the repeal of the said Act, in l'o far as it imposes Duties on the Tonnage of British Shipping.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are sub- chiWwall feribed, Owners of Estates within the several Manors and petiSoaT Townlliips of Great Who/fon, Little Woo/ton, and Child-wall,

in the Parish of Childzvall, in the County Palatine of Lan~ caster, was presented to the House, anti read; setting forth,

That there are within the said several Manors and Townlliips divers Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing together 400 statute acres or thereabouts, and the lame would be greatly improved, if divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that General;

coyne, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Worthy R«‘ thereunto subscribed. Owners or Occupiers of Estates 1>etmou* near the places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Road leading from or near to a certain place in in the Parish of

Eccles, in the County of Lancaster, called through Wurjley aforesaid, and also through Little Hull on and Farnworth, both in the Parish of Dean, in the said

County, to or near a certain place in Farnworth aforesaid, so

called A lofesGate, is in a ruinous condition, narrow, and so

incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and that (■'.•

the said Road, at or near Moses Gale aforesaid, communicateswith the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to m-

Manchester, which is amended and repaired under the M

powers of an Act, passed in the 3 2d year of His present; D

Majesty; and it would be of great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Road were properly amended, widened, altered, and improved, so

and put under the care and management of the Trustees '

for executing the said Act: And therefore praying, That 'jq

leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes y

aforesaid.

Ordered, k

4& KJJLU. m. 10°

147

Ordered, That the said P be referred to the con-

/ideation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Eger ton, Mr. , &c.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, t< rf! whom the Petition of the Persons, whole names are there-unto subscribed, Owners of Land in the County of Edinburgh, and Trustees of the Turnpike Roads of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had cl:rented him to report the l^me, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 24th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Roads in the County o f Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Querns-fury, in the County of Linlithgow: And allb, an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the term and powers

granted by the said lait-recited Act, and for making the iame more effectual, so far as relates to the Roads within the County of Edinburgh: And allb, an Act, passed in the 4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said two last-recited Acts, in lo far as they regard the Roads in the said County of Edinburgh; And also, an Act, passed in the 24th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual the exaction of the statute work within the said County, and for authorizing the borrowing of a further sum of money on the credit of, and for repairing the Turnpike Roads in the said County: And allb, an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, lor levying an additional sum of money for statute labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh: And also, an Act, passed in the 29th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of federal Acts of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty’s feign, and of the 4th of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual: And also, an Act, passed in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty’s reign, and of the 4th and 29th of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for building Bridges over the rivers South and North EJk, and the water of , in the said County; were severally read :—And,

Mr. James Little being examined, said. That the Roads to the said County of Edinburgh are in many places conducted in an inconvenient and diladvantageous direction, and most of the approaches to the City of Edinburgh are crooked and narrow, and have been found inconvenient, and even dangerous; and although large sums of money have of late years been expended by the Trustees in improving these Roads and approaches, yet that object can-be completely attained unless power be given to borrow a further sum of money; nor can this sum to be borrowed, or the duties already contrafted by the said Trustees be repaid and discharged, unless the said recited Acts shall be altered and amended in such manner as to make the lolls and Duties thereby granted, and the revenue thence more productive, by the repeal of certain exemptions destructive to the Roads, and by making the Rates conversion for statute labour, and of bridged-money, ^equate to the present times •, and unless the whole of the said recited Acts shall be rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for en-®!'ug and altering the powers of, and rendering more; ef-

Vol. 58.

feftuaR several Acts, of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th,24th, 25th, pfh, and j8th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County And that Air. Robert Dundas and Air. Charles Hope of dingtonshire do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Society of Writers to the Signet in Petition. Scotland, was prefen ted to the House, and read; g forth. That the Petitioners, having resolved to establish a Scotland, scheme for providing Annuities to the Widows of such of their Members as shall become contributors thereto, and for that purpose to raile certain sums from their Members by annual payments, and otherwise, aredefirous of obtaining the authority of Parliament to this Institution: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr.

Dundas, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- EartRnfton, unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers pethiou.011*' Aleifuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes c IE'l/i Rujion and Brnnfield, in the County of Norfolk, was prdented to the House, and read; letting forth. That then? are within the said Parishes certain Commons, Severals,

Fens, and Waste Grounds, and it would be advantageous to the persons interested, if the fame were divided and in-ck/fed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry Ajlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. FumcisJohn Browne preferred to the House, ac- Weymouth

cording to Order, a Bill to continue and amend two Atfts, and severally passed in the ift and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and kill, through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Prefcate<i-Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warm-well to the Church in the Parish of , all in

the County of Durfet: And tire fame was received; and read I lie fit ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Fonlingtoa: unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the kicioiure Manor of Eordington, in the County of was pre- Petmon':

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there 'l

are within the said Manor several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- 1

monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimaiion, 3,000 acres or thereabouts, and, if '

the fame were divided and indofed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Southampton several Petitions of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, rented!*" were referred; That the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Thomas Ridding) Esquire, being examined, said, That

the

148 10"—1 r

the Port of Southampton is very ancient , from which of late years a considerable trade and commerce has been carried on to foreign parts as well as coastwise, and is capable of being greatly improved and rendered very commodious by a Baton and Wet Docks being conttrufted, capable of receiving and harbouring a considerable number of ships, much larger than can now lie with lafety at the Quays, to be laden or unladen, which would tend to the increase of navigation and improvement of trade within the said Town and Port of Southampton.— And the Witness further laid. That the Petitioners are entitled, by virtue of l'everal Charters, to l'everal exclusive privileges, and divers customs, duties, and payments, from all persons using the said Port, which payments will not be sufficient to carry the intended plans into execution; and that the Petitioners are willing and delirous to give up such exclusive rights; as also, that the present Wharfage Dues should be regulated, and that a new book of Rates should be made to establish the Harbour Dues to be paid by them in their private capacities, as well as by act other persons trading to or from the said Port, for the purpose of carrying such improvements and alterations into execution.;—Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Ridding being further examined, laid. That the present warehouses belonging to the said Quays and Wharfs are too linall and incommodious for the trade of the said Port, and for the safe custody of goods and merchandize there.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing certain dues, called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton, for making a convenient Dock for the fe-, curity of /flips, for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and

I making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for

| erecting Warehouses for the safe custody of goods and

merchandize, and for impaling certain Duties for the above purposes: And that Mr. Rojo, Mr. A my at t, and Mr. St urges, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Will'/amfleeter Monro, and Philadelphia |v[it-ua.e h's W|fe, and of the l'everal other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondjha and

ifor/h,within the Parish of in the County of

Dor jet, was preferred to the House, and read; letting fort!), That,' if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and indofed, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton \ Pitt and Mr. Francis John Browne do prepare, and bring | in, the lame.

M«m!vr Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope be added to the

' i Vov-lo'12' Gentlemen, v,'ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, wi'gc Road a Bid, to continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three Acts. made in the 16th and 2ad years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 24th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Borov.ghbridge, in the County of York, to Cat her irk in the same County, and from thence to Pit'rjbridge, on the River Dees.

Kilt Mr. Spencer Stanhope prel'ented to the House, according

tr»ie..ud. to QIxjc, rj tj,e frj<j 13:11: And the fame was received; and read the full. time.

lief deed. That the Bill be read a second time.

'•'•yjj, . Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope be added to the TnfTxxhcrie)^ Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, :.n;or a Bill, to continue and enlarge the term and powers of two

'W n 1! -*u C'* made in the ift and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gat her ley in the County of York, to ‘>7 aindin the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across , . the River Dees, to IVinsion, in the said County of Durham.

Suited. * Mr. Spencer Stanhope prel'ented to the House, according

Fib mar ii. A* 1803.

to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the lirft time. ",

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill to continue, for a time.to be limited, the Rc- Bank Rest no-ftridions contained in several Acts of the 37th and 38th committed, years of the reign of His present Majesty, on payments of Caih by the Bank, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned being rc- Dublin turned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said £^;ri‘ty Committee delivered in to the House a reduced Lift, to Committee, which Lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called appointed, over; and is as follows:

Philip Langmead, Esquire, John Jeffery, Esquire, of Pooh,

Sir Thomas ThcophilusMetcalfe, Baronet, John Fane, Esquire,

Charles Lennox, Esquire, William Gore Esquire,

Thomas Davis Lamb, Esquire, the Lord Sir

Eyre C hole, Knight of the Mod honourable Order of the Bath, Ed 1 rd) Harvey, Esquire, William Morion Esquire,

Lord George Thyme, Lord Francis OJbvrr.e, Wil-

liam Smith, Esquire, of Westmeath, James Trail, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the University of Dublin', were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 26th Precwlin^ year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the further juJi'calurV regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain of- Ait. fences committed in the Enjl Indies, and for other pur-

poles therein mentioned, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly. r

And the l'everal lifts, which had been before delivered {

in at the Table, in puri'uance of the directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said lifts were, by the order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the covers, and put together into a box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said lifts be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the lame; and report to the House, Tommorrow, the name of every Member whole name shall appear in twenty, or more, of the said lifts.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sargent, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That five be the quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the dock. .

Veneris, 11° die Februarii; -

Anno 430 Georgii III'" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Great Gm Petition o i William Mellijli, Esquire; and also, the •:

Petition of Robert S eve ell, Esquire, complaining' of an coni jd«A v undue election and return for the Borough of Great ’ \-

Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select *c,

Committee 4

, -?>

A

•fO'-Vjrb'tJ. 111.

110 Februarli.

149

few,

Committee, to try and determine the merits of the

Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms ivas lent, with the Mace, to the

places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Several Members were sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and three Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The counsel for the different parties stated, that the interests of Mr. MeHifti, one of the Petitioners, and of Mr. imeherett, one of the fitting Members, were the lame; and that the interests of Mr Sewell, the other Petitioner, and of Mr. Left, the other fitting Member, were the fame; and that the interests of Mr. Mell'jh and Mr. Sewell, the two Petitioners, and the interests of Mr. Boucherett and

Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pa 11 ures, Common Down, and other Commonable and VFafte Lands and Grounds, containing 2,400 acres thereabouts; and it would be advantageous to the several Owners and Propri* etors thereof if the fame were let out, divided, and allotted, and certain parts thereof inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those

Ordered, That leave'be given to b in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George Vanftttart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Hanney Tn-unto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Com- ^"‘ePetI. mon Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Paffure,

Waite and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Town! bio or Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Pari Hi of West Hanr.ey, in the County of Berks, was presented to the

Mr. Loft, the two fitting Members, were distimft, and of- House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and polite to each other respectively; and therefore submitted Grounds were divided, allotted, and inclosed, the same to the House, that the Petitioners and fitting Members might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That should be considered as separate parties on distinbl interests. leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. And they were severally heard thereupon. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

And then the counsel withdrew lbme way from the Bar. to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Refohed, That the said several Petitioners, and fitting Dundas and Mr. George Vansittart do prepare, and bring Members, be at liberty to appear as separate parties on in, the fame.

Mr.

dillinft interests.

And the counsel being again called to the Bar, Speaker acquainted them with the said Refutation.

Then the Order of the day, for taking into consideration the said Petitions was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Harwell Rone unto subscribed. Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within Petltion-or near the Pari Hies and places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near

in the usual manner, until the whole number ol forty-nine the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the Parish of names was complete. Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road

V ! tr,

bM-nit

Aj>-

*In-

* hti-

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn, who Hated, that he conceived it would be attended with material inconvenience to public business, if he was to lerve on the said Committee; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton and Woollen Spinners, re-tiding in the Towns and neighbourhood of Manchfur, Bolton, and Stockport: And also,

A Petition of the Subscribers, Cotton Spinners, in t-hc Ciiv of Glasgozo, and its neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Proprietors of Cotton Spinning I’.ldis and Factories in the Town and neighbourhood of Pnylon, in the County of Lancaster:

Were fevtrally presented to the House,'and read; letting forth. That by an Act, passed in the last Session, lor the preservation of the health and morals of apprentices, and others, employed in cotton and other mills, and cotton and other factories, certain rules and regulations were prescribed, which are, in a high degree, prejudicial to the Cotton trade in general, and of such a nature, in many instances, as experience will shew to be impracticable: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or otherwise to amend and modify the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally. ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-t’-nto subscribed, Owners of F.ltries in the Township of M ontage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said township and Hamlet, certain Open and Common Arable Vox. 58. -

near the Village of Streatlcy, in the said County, at or near a certain place called The Lane's End, is greatly out of repair, circuitous, and in many parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law; and that, if the said Road were made Turnpike, and properly amended, widened, and improved, and the course thereof in fume parts varied or altered, it would be productive of considerable benefit and advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and be of great public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. George Vanftttart,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Cotifideratioi 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, of.KJrkaid-upon Tuesday, the 22c! day of this instant February, the tion Petition Petition of the Honourable Montgomery Granville John deferred. Stewart, complaining of an undue election and return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TelUrs for the Ye^;

TeUets <br the Noes,\ t 44-

So it was retolved in the affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 24th day of March next, at a quarter of an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties j with orders for their attendance accordingly.

Q, q A Petition

72.

150

11° Feb)'uarii.

A. 1803.

in

>towe Inclo- A Petition of the several Persons whose names are there-ure ctition. un^0 ]'ukscribed, Freeholders and Copyholders, having right of Common and other rights and interests within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Stnrton and Branfby, in the Parish of Stozve, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; letting torth, That there are within the said Township, Hamlets, and Parish, several open and uninclosed Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Paftu res, Moors, Commons, Wades, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing together 2,000 acres or thereabouts, which cannot be occupied to such advantage as they might be if the lame were effectually incloletl, divided, allotted, and improved: And therefore; praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Jiceby Inclo- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-urePetition. unto fu5fcribecj} Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Ulceby, in the Wapentake of Yarborough, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said j Parish, are computed to contain about 3,500 acres, and the

|. ancient Inclosures 140 acres or thereabouts; and it would

j* be advantageous to the several Persons interdict! in the

;| laid Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors,

; and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, to have

i, the fame divided, allotted, and inclosed, and to have com*

j* pensations made in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the

j'; laid ancient inclosures: And therefore praying, That leave

h may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

■j* to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

:j Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and

;}' bring in, the fame.

1

fiippingale, A Petition of the several Persons whose names are there-unto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Rippingaleand Kirkby Underwood, in the County of

* Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting j forth. That there are within the said Parishes several Open

J! Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common*

ji 1 able and Waste Lands, and also a common Fen, in the ij said Parish of Rippingale, and it would be beneficial to the

Owners of estates, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And, therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring j| in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

it to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

jj Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and bring

j; in, the fame.

Jorncastle nclosure Pc-;5tion.

1

<1

1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of HorncaJUe, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to, the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Arable Fields, Common. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, containing about 1,000 acres, and also a certain common piece or parcel of land to be allotted in Wildmore Fen, for the use of the Proprietors and

Occupiers of houses and lands within the said Parish; and, it the fame were divided, allotted in severalty, and the whole exonerated from Tythes, and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th day of December last, for leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of HorncaJUe, in the County of Lincoln, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

8

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition now presented: And that Mr. Ellison, Sir Gilbert. Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Bowes Earl of Petition to Strathmore, on behalf of himl’elf, and of the other Owners j^kteton of Estates within the Township of Min the Pari fit indofureAa. of Roma/dkirk, and North Riding of the County of York,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor or Common Open Fields,

Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Township of Mickleton and Parish of;

and that, since the passing of the said Act, the Rector of the Uriel Parish of Roma/dkirk has agreed with the Petitioner, and the Owners of Lands in the said Township of Mickleton, to accept an allotment of the said commonable lands in lieu of, and as a compensation for all the Tythes, Modules, and other payments in lieu of Tythes, arising and becoming due to the said Rector within the said Township, and it will be beneficial to all parties that the said agreement should be carried into execution by the Commissioners for executing the said Act; and it is also expedient that forne of the clauses and provisions of the said Act should be repealed, altered, and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wi and Mr. Henry Lafcel/es do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

--:o

■jit

:-k

-id

A Petition of the Trustees of the Estates of the late Right shadwell honourable the Lady Elizabeth Haftingdeceased, Lords of

the Manor of Shadwell, in the Parish of Yhomer, in the Wefi:

Riding of the County of York, and of the Right honourable John Earl Mexborough, Lord of the Manor of otnerwile Roundhay Grange, adjoining the said Manor of Shadwell, and the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That within the said Manor and the Township et Shadwell, there are several large Commons or Tracts

of Waste Ground, Open Common Fields, and old Inclosures, and it would be very beneficial to the several persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lajcellesdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge seibvBr was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That 1,‘rtuKI' an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouze, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the of polite (liorc, in the Parish of lieming in the East

Riding of the said County, whereby certain Persons therein named were declared to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the name of " The Company of Proprietors of Selby " Bridgeand were authorized to raiie and contribute

among themselves, in such proportions as they should think proper, a competent sum of money for building and maintaining the said Bridge and other works, not exceeding the sum of £.7,000; and in case the said sum of J.y.oooo should be found insufficient for those purposes, the said Company of. Proprietors were enabled to raise and contribute any further sum of money, not exceeding the sum of 3,000; and that the said Company were also authorized to take and receive for their use and benefit for pontage, as or in the name of a Toll or Duty, before any passage over the said Bridge should be permitted, the several Tolls therein mentioned; and that the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have caused to be made and built the said Bridge, and other the several works and purposes thereby directed to be done, and have therein expended not only the whole of the said sums of 7,000 and £-3,000, but have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Bridge and works supported and maintained, unless the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be taken are repealed, and other additional Tolls granted instead thereof;

and

idge

n

h

■'et

'Si

.’r

C'r

‘j

yiiU. 111.

11° Februarii.

151

and that the powers and provisions of the said Act are in to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wi!b:r-l'ome respects defective, and it is requisite that the lame force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the should be altered and amended: And t herefore praying, lame.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Eli.ind-cnm-unto subscribed, Owners of and otherwise interested in the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Township of

Greethnd

Inclosure

Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, land, in the Parish of in the Weft Hiding of the

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine County of York, several Open Fields or Mesne Inclosures,

P^urJ

I: oliirc Pe*

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of and interested in the Ladds and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Manor, Rectory or Rectory Manor, and Township, of

containing together 116 acres or thereabouts, and divers Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole 600 statute acres or thereabouts, which might be greatly improved if divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. fVi. Dewsbury, in the County of York, several: Open Commons, force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole 289 fame.

acres or thereabouts, which might be greatly improved, if divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Batley inclo

unto subscribed, Owners of and otherwise interested in the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was pre-

Cure Petition.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Tented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there

jfune

>!] 1 ham*,

ic PS

to the prayer of the said Pei ition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable George O'Brien Earl of Egremont, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, in the Town-

are within the Manor and Township of Batley, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Ground-, containing in the whole 235 acres or thereabouts, and also a certain Open Field called the containing about 14 acres, which

might be greatly improved if divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given ships of Wrejfel, Newsham, Loftfome, and Brind, or some or to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

one of them, in the Parish of Wreffell, in the East Riding That leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant of the County of York, was presented to the House, and to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. read; setting forth, That there are within the said Town- force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the ships several Open Common Fields and uninclosed places, fame.

and also certain Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, and it would he very advantageous to all the parties interested, it the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, having Yeadcm right of Common within the Manor and Town ship of Inclosure Yeadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of PeMtlon* the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within

_ _ the said Manor and

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber- Township a certain Common or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the and several other parcels of Waste Ground, containing in lame. ' ’ ’ ' ' ’ "

-on By-

IftuO-1Potion,

APetition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Manor and Township of Allerton Bywater, in the Parish of Kippax, in

the whole 300 acres or thereabouts; and if the fame were divided, inclosed, and allotted, to the several parties interested, it would be advantageous to their estates: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant the West Riding of the County of York, was preferred to to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the the said Manor and Township several Open Arable Fields, fame.

lngs, Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing, by estima-

tion, 300 acres or thereabouts, and it would be of great A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Derwent advantage to all persons interested, if the fame were divided Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose ®^sePetl and inclosed, and a compensation made in lieu of Tythes: names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Fall and

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring Weft Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of in a Bill for those purposes. Kingston-u was presented to the House, and -read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant setting forth. That the River Derwent, at , divides

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber*• the Parishes of Wand Hemingbrougk, in the East Riding

fne and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the of the County of York, where is the direct Road from the kroe* Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Leeds; and that the passage

over the Ferries upon the said River is at all times attended A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- . with delay, in some seasons dangerous, and at others im-11010 subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, passable; and if a Bridge was erected, at or near the Ferry Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Manor and at Loftfome, the fame would be of great public utility: And Township of Clifford, in the-West Riding of the County of therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Tori:, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

That there are within the said Manor and Township, several O, That the said Petition be referred to the con-%en Common Fields, Commons, and Wastes, containing sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the 450 acres or thereabouts, and certain Commons or Waste matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Grounds, containing 467 acres or thereabouts; and it them, to the House:

would be of great advantage to all Persons interested, if And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry the fame were inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine ma)’ he given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to fend for persons, papers, and records.

, Vol. ^8. APetition

ttfrNcvvton tin lure ticion.

152

11° Febnia

y.

1.1803

r\

V

>rition of Cotton facturers in Scotland.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Mexbo-rough. Lord of the Manor of Voiler Newton-ntM-abton, in the Parish of Leeds, in the Wed Riding of the County of York, and of the several other Persons, vhofe names are thereto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Town ship, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, That within the said Manor and 1 ownship there is a large Common or tract of Waste Ground, called Potter Newton Common, and also several pieces or parcels of Common or VValle Ground, and it would be \'ery beneficial to the persons interested, if the fame were divided and includ'd: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lnfceiles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the 40th year of His present Majesty, an Act was passed for lettling dil'putes that mayariie between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England, whereby a cheap and summary mode was established for lettling, by arbitration, all such dil'putes; and in the same year another Act was passed to repeal an Act to prevent unlawful combinations among Mailers and Workmen, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof, whereby certain provisions are made for lettling dilputes among Mailers and Workmen engaged in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, in England; and that, in all matters ot dispute which aril'c between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, the Workman mull either submit to the Matter, or hois liable to be harassed and distrelTed by proceedings at Law, of which he has not the means of affording the expence; and that it is therefore extremely desirable that a proper mode should be deviled wlticli may prevent abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and which may settle, in a summary manner, all dilputes which may aril’e therein; and that it would have a tendency to accomplish these ends, if the said Acts of the 40th of His present Majesty were extended to Scotland, with such additions as are ne-ectfary to give efficacy thereto, and to prevent abuses; and also with such alterations as the Laws and local circumstances of Scotland require: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes \ aforesaid.

; 1 Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1 Port A Petition of the Baillics and Trustees of the Towns of

p"vinir,'&c. Port G/afgozvand Newark, in the County of was

Petition. presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 15th year of His present Majesty, for extending the Duty of Twopennies Scots, or one-sixth . part of a penny sterling, payable on every pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of Port , and the

privileges thereof over the Town of Newark; for l'upplying the Inhabitants of Port and Newark with fresh

water; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said two Towns; for crediting public Markets therein; for repairing and keeping in repair the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port , and

other purposes therein mentioned, certain powers and authorities were given to the Baillics and Trustees of the said two Towns lor carrying the purposes of the said Act into execution; and that the said Baillics and Trustees have accordingly raised the whole money by the said Act allowed to be borrowed upon the credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, which money so borrowed, together with the Rates and Duties collected, has been duly laid out, but the purposes of the said Act cannot be fulfilled unless further and more ample powers be granted, and the said Act explained and amended; and that it would be of great public utility, and of much benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants, if the Petitioners were authorized to erect a new Court -house, Prison, and other neccfi'ary buildings, within the limits of the said Towns; And therefore pray-

ing, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the pur- ’;

poles aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. H’iiiiamDundas, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Pelition of the Lord Pro volt, Magistrates, and Town Gh%ow Council, of the City o( G/afgow, was presented to the House, and read; letting tort h. Tint the failure of the !IC crops in the years 1799 and 1800 brought on such a fcar-city of Corn, and other articles of provision, as to raile the most alarming apprehension of an absolute famine in the City of G/afgozv and neighbourhood, which was greatly increased by a ftignation cf Manufactures unfortunately taking place at the lame time; and that, to alleviate so great a calamity, and to ptclerve the lower dalles of the Inhabitants from peri thing through want, large sums of money were be flowed in charity, and in establishing Soup Kitchens, and buying provisions lor the relief of the Poor; and that, neverthelel's, it loon became evident thele modes of relief were not alone sufficient, but that large supplies of Corn must be imported from Foreign parts at a very heavy expence, and with a certain loss; and that in prosecution of this plan, dictated by the most urgent and immediate necessity, and to prevent riots and commotions, the usual consequences of famine amongst the people, the then Lord Piovofl, Magistrates, and Town Council, advanced large sums ot money, and incurred a heavy debt, ttill owing, which the Petitioners have no means of discharging from

o o

the ordinary funds and revenue of the City: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor laying a Tax on the Inhabitants of the City of G/afgozv and neighbourhood, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, General /Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The counsel and agents before mentioned being returned £r?at,

o qp Gnmfby

to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Com- — mittee, delivered into the House a reduced Lift, as follows:

IViH'uim Frankl’ind, Esquire, Charles Moors, Esquire, Lord Vi [count Boyle, Charles Montagu Ormsby, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Samuel Campbell Rowle\\ Esquire, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, Sir CecilBi'/hopp, Baronet, John Willett Willett, Esquire, Edward Hilliard, Esquire, Phitip Dundas, Esquire, Frederick John Falkiner, Esquire, George Porter, Esquire.

And the said thirteen ?*.Iemhers withdrew.

And the counsel and agents withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being resumed, the counsel and agents were again called in; and the.Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, that the said thirteen Members had chosen John Calcraft-, Esquire, and Rowland Bur don 9 Esquire, to lerve on the said Committee.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough ot Great Grimsby, were fivorn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counlcl and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee cjo meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

Kle&ion Commitir?, appointed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 4’d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in " England, and for augmenting the MRitia," might be read.

And

Militia tr

in<r

ordered.

f‘y

VA

/Ujoarament.

Coaittee on Ui Rdtric-uafliii.

idruaion.

opened.

fcajudica.

U

*tO K.JE.U*

11° Febni

IX)

And the fame was read accordingly; Lord Viscount the honourable

The House was also moved, That another A cl, made in Gore La nylon, Esquire, William Hujfey, Esquire, Sir

the 42d year of the reign ot His present Majesty, intituled, Edmund Cradock Baronet, Sir William Geary, Ba-

" An Act toraii’eand establish a Militia Force in might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight days: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hi/ey Addington, Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refohed, That this Housewill, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-

ronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir Lawrence Parsons, Baronet, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Sir William E/ford, Baronet, Lord Viscount Sudley, William Cartwright, Esquire, Francis Esquire.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the year 1800 the roof, with' the middle aille, and great part of the outer walls of the Parish Church of Dagenham fell down, and the Parishioners have expended, by Rates and the produce of Briefs, upwards of £. 2,000 in repairing the said roof, tower, and walls, and

__________ _ the additional sum of £.1,500 has been expended, and

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the is now due to the several Iradefmen employed, and the

__ . * I. , ^i-1 1 - - ^ C r ! ] 1 .. . J 4- In 1 / 1

Pnprnhrmi Cl. Mali F< titio.i.

Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, the Restrictions Contained in foveral Acts of the 37th and 38th years of the reign of His present Majesty, on payments of Calli by the Batik, be now read.

Anu the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to amend the said Acts.

Then the House resolved it ft It into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

, Mr. Alexander reported irom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ftvcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

further sum of £. 2,000. will be required to put the said church into such repair as to enable the Parishioners to alienable therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for raising the aforesaid lum of £. 3,500. by annuities, or in such other manner as Parliament shall enact.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bullock, 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are sub- Tlnrnmm-feribed, Trustees for executing the Acts herein after mqn- p^.j* Rojds tioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the ill year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald, to Pattrington Creek, or Haven,

and from the Guide Post in Winejlcadto Frodingham Gate,

in on or near Widow Branlons Farm, in the County of and for scouring and chanting the said Creek or Haven; and that an Act was passed in the 20th year of His said Majesty’s reign, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for making perpetual so much thereof as relates to the said Creek or Haven; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable furr.s of

at ion»

money on the credit thereof, which (till remain due, and Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Com- cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly

mittee, to whom it wasreferred to examine the several Lifts which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the directions of an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the futther regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain offences committed >n the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House the name of every Member whose name appeared in twenty, or more, of the said Lifts: And he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

she House was moved, That the claule in the said Act, directing, that the names of such Persons who should appear 10 hold, or to have heid, any of the offices or employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

1 tie said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

amended, improved and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Roads: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Sec.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough Hedon of Hedon, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of Harhou>1 York, and of the several other Persons, whose names are PctlUoa‘

The honourable George Wat[on, Richard Archdall, Esquire, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing Edward Lee, Esquire, John Campbell, Esquire, William Wit- the Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, k'/arce, Esquire, Thomas Jervis, Esquire, Clement Tudway, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the blquire, William Dickinson, junior, Esquire, George Wood, 14th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for reco-Esquire, James Langkam, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, vering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Baac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the honourable John Scott, Haven of Hedon, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the William Plumer, Esquire, Sir John Stuart, Baronet, the County of York; and that the Commissioners appointed Marquis of Worcester, Lord Viscount Cole, the honourable by the said Act have proceeded to put the fame into exe-BiehardTrench, the honourable William Augustus Townshend, cution, but find that the powers and provisions thereof are

Charles Adams, Esquire, William Sturges, Esquire, Joseph in tome respects defective and ineffectual, and it is expo-Holden Strutt, Esquire, the honourable Richard Ryder, Sir dfent that the fame should be altered and amended, and William Pidteney, Baronet, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, the Tolls increased, and extended; and that it would tend

William Mitford, Esquire, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Etqoire, greatly to the increase of the trade of the said Borough, V ot. fg, R r and

1

1

154 11°—14°

and to the improvement of the agriculture of the country adjacent, if powers were given for making a new Cut or Canal, with a new Lock, Pen or Wier, and proper Towing-paths, through certain lands in the Parish of otherwise Paul, in Holderness aforesaid, from a certain part

of the said Haven near the Ferry House to a certain other part thereof above Newfield Clough, and for otherwise altering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the said Haven: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Will erf or ce, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

icUm<t A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there-.luiiire unto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Saint 1 ’ Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham, was pres'ented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is within the said Parish a certain Open Moor, Common, or trad of Waste Land, called Green Moor or Common,

containing by estimation, 450 acres or thereabouts, and if the fame was divided, allotted, inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes, it would be rendered ot much greater value: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and Mr. Russell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fehrmrii. A. 1305.

Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for one hour, and then adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the clock; and that the said Committee met this Morning, pursuant to the said adjournment, and Mr.

Cartwright being then present, the said Committee were about to proceed to the further hearing of the matter to them referred, when Mr. Cartwright was, from illness, obliged to withdraw; whereupon the said Committee ad* journed till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Dr. Vaughan, a Physician, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the Hate of Mr. s health 5

he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said William Ralph Cartwright,

Esquire, be excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee on Saturday last; and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of Order, the Extraor-

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army d’^yS>of,h* incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster preieuted. General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of December 1802, both inclusive.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 23.)

arriltown ldolure Bill, 'dented.

Mi-mouth

Writ.

! 1 Supply, referred.

• \rays and

ph-ans, Referred.1

l!

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

the

Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ganifoivn, in the County of Dublin: And the fame was received; and read the firfh time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown,' to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of James Patrick Murray, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of dred, in the County of Berks.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the \fhole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lima, 14° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, -Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Com-

Chipping JLrunborne Inclosure Bill, p relented.

mon, called King's Heath, within the Tything of

in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Report from

Dublin

University

Election

absence of Mr. Jeiiery.

Report from Dunfermline \:c. Election; .‘ominittcc, r lpccliny the {line's of Mr. -artwright.

Mr. John Fane, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Conyngham Plunket, Esquire, LL.D. complaining of an undue election and return for the College and University of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, near Dublin, informed the House, That the said Committee having met on Saturday Morning last, pursuant to their adjournment of the preceding day, and John Jeffery, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for one hour, and then adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the clock; and that the said Committee met this Morning pursuant to the said adjournment, and Mr. Jeffery being then present, the said Committee proceeded to the further hearing of the matter to them referred.

And Mr. Jeffery, in his place, informed the House, that at the adjournment of the said Committee on Friday last, he did not hear, nor was he informed, of the precise time to which the Committee had adjourned for the following day, and that he did not conceive the Committee would meet at an earlier hour than Eleven of the clock, they having met on the preceding day at Twelve; that he was on his way to, and near the House, when he was acquainted that the Committee had adjourned till this Morning, and

-1

Prayers.

lHE Earl of Eufon, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, of the that he was extremely sorry the Committee had been put Royal Navy; and also, the Petition of Sir John Hmderson, to any inconvenience on his account

Baronet, severally complaining of an undue election and double return for the class or district of Boroughs, confiding of Dunfermline, Stirling, and

Queensferry, in' Scotland, informed the House, That the said Committee having met on Saturday Morning last, pur-

The substance of what Mr. Jeffery offered to the House, as an excule, was taken down in writing.

And the fame being verified by him, upon oath, at the Table;

Ordered, That the excuse, now alledged by Mr. Jeffery,

suant to their adjournment of the preceding day, and William for his not attending on the said Select Committee on Sa-Ralph Cartwright, Esquire (one of the Members of the fit id turday last, be allowed, -

7 A.Message

ajcF'vjrKu. in* 14° Februaru. 155

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and' Mr.

SiHiCOll

Mr. Speaker,

..'.rffulht'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for uJill. naturalizing ‘John Lewis Greff to which the Lords de-fire the concurrence of this House: And also, lew!"!)'* The L/vd- have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for •uSJL naturalizing John Henry Latter loh; to which the Lords desire the concurrence c. this House: And also, saw’, The Lards have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for MSili. naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Sclmtzeto which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

.eiWid:- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for cite.Bill, naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seidenfticker; to which the Lords detire the concurrence of this House: And also,

War, The L.ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

litW* naturalizing John Frederick Lewis; to which the

Lords desirc the concurrence of this House.

And then the Melzl-ngers withdrew.

tiod'sNat An ir.grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uod. for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Belaud, was read the first time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a second time.

An ingrofic-d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

tndi.RU, naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seidenjlieker, was tcad the that time.

R.Jdved, That the Bill be read a second time.

iVrt’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,'An Act for

'j!uu.,rc*d. naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Schulze, was read the first time.

- Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a second time.

'•-toll’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for katura'a.i-.g John Henry Lutterloh, was read the first time,

RefJced, That the Bill be read a second time.

j

An ingrossl-d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for 'naturalizing John Lezvis Grejfulhe, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

levying a conversion in licti of Statute Labour, and other* wife regulating the making, and repairing the high Hoads and Bridges in the said County, power was given to repair the high Roads and Bridges in the Parishes of Gaeery, lnverkeithney, Keith, Morilach, and those parts of the Parish of Alva and Rothiemay lying south of the river in the County of Banff-, and it would be advantageous to the Heritors of lands in the said Parishes, and all persons resident therein, if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Pari files, was repealed, and the high roads and bridges therein were placed under the like management as other high roads and bridges in the said County of Banff: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. WiV Ham Dnndas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Gore Laugton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bil» for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields in the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Re/olced, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Gore Langt on presented to the House, according to Ol der, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the South end of Moot, and from the Weft end of the Teovil Turnpike Road, through,

to Kenny Gate, and from the Well end of Pease Lane

to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to llminster, and from IVkite CroJ's to Chillington Dozen, and from a place called Vince Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from the Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ms>)s a Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Estates idaJ* in the County of Banff, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road from the Bridge of Banff to the River Spey, at or near Boat of Bog, the Road from Banff to Hnntly, the Road from to Huntly, the

Road from Banff to Keith, the Road from Portsoy to Keith, the Road from Cullen to Keith, the Road from Huntly to Fochabers and Boat of Bridge, the Road from Keith towards Grantovon, the Road from Mo to Fochabers and tenth, and the Road from i\ fort lack to Huntly, all in the said County, are7 in bad repair, and in many places so tuinous, that Travellers cannot, at all times, conveniently or safely pals, nor can they be repaired and kept in repair unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other powers given; and that the passages over the River Spey, 'at or near the Boat of Bog, and at or near the Boat of Bridge, are often impaifable, or dangerous for Paftcngers, and if Bridges were built over the said river, at or near those places, and powers given to levy pontages thereon for supporting and maintaining the fame, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all persons travelling through the said County; and that the Laws now in being for making roads and building bridges, and repairing the fonie, have been found ineffectual in the said County of Banff to make and maintain the roads through the fame general!}-, and other and further powers are necessary to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and that it would be of advantage to the said County of power was given to convert the ttatute lerviccs into money, and Certain the Rates thereof, and mode of levying the fame; and to authorize an assessment on the Heritors of lands,

»«! other persons in the said County, for making and repairing highways and bridges through the lame; and that, ty an Act passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, lor amending and keeping in repair certain Roads in the ‘County of Aberdeen, and for Vo 1. 38,

General Lennox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Thomas Hudson, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Bright he Imf on, in the County of Sussex, and of the Persons whole names are thereunto iub-feribed, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr* William Attree being examined, said. That the Town of Bright he/mj on hath of late years considerably increased, and is (till likely to increase in extent of buildings and number of Inhabitants, and is moreover resorted to during the summer arid autumn by a great number of persons from various parts of the kingdom; that the situation of the church of Saint Nicholas, which is the Parish Church, being by reason of its distan.ee from the greater part of the Town inconvenient to the inhabitants in general, and having been found not sufficient for their accommodation, and the Petitioner being leifed in fee simple a piece of freehold ground, did, at his own expence, cause to be erected thereupon a building, intended for a place of Divine worship, to be a Chapel of ease to the said Church of Saint Nicholas, and the fame is already Completed, and furnished for that purpose; that the Church of the said Parish of Brighthelmston is a vicarage, within the diocese ot Chic heft er, and the Right Reverend Father in God, John Lord Bishop of the said diocese is the patron thereof,-and entitled to collate thereto; and the Petitioner is the present Vicar of the said Parish; and that the said John Lord; Bishop of Chic heftier hath approved of the erection of the

laid building as a place of Divine worship for the accorn-' modation of the Inhabitants, and the persons resorting to the said Town of Brighthelmston-, but the fame cannot be

established

North Perro Inclosure BiJ p relented.

Chard Roads Bill, presented*

Brighthelmn fton Chapel , Petition, reported.

156

14’ Febru

A. 1803.

titfoh of iltlters of unmouth*

established as a Chapel of ease to the said church of Saint Nicholas, which, is the Parish Church of the said Parish, without the aid and authority of Parliament*

Ordered, That leave be given to bring irt a Bill to establish a Chapel of ease at Bright helmjl on, in the County of SuJJ'ex: And that General Lennox and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Maltsters redding in the Borough of

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Werr'iigtoa

81

unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Waites, and Other open and uninclosed Lands, in the Hamlets of IVerring ton and Walton, in the Parish of in the County of , was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the persons interested to have the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; com- may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. plaining of certain hardships which the Petitioners alledge , That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

and Walton

Indoiure

Petition.

V-!

int Alban’s lurch Bill, lmnitted.

of an Act passed in the last Session; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for rebuilding the tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of,

in the County of Hertford, together with the chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petit ion of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish and Liberties of,

in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the fad Parish and Liberties divers Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste; and, if the fame were di-

Iticioiure

Petition.

M

Mr. Grimfion, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, vided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the improve-

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And

.-:ttcn

wloiure

union.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Town ship of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Township, certain Commons or Waste Lands and Grounds, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of great benefit to the persons interested; but that the notices required by the Standing Orders of the House have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said lands and grounds until the time for giving notices, agreeably to such Standing Orders, was elapsed; and that it will be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

bring

therefore praying in a Bill for

b>

those

ment of their respect.ve estates:

That leave may be given to purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Hal* '

unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and indoiure and Estates within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, Urai.i^xPe-Stahiforth, Fi/hlake, and Svkehoufie, in the several Parishes of tu, ou‘

Thorne, Hatfield, and Fishlake, in the Manor of Hal/field, in the Well Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Townlliips, Parishes, and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, lngs, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and if the lame

doling the said Lands and Grounds in this present Session: were divided, drained, embanked, and incloicd, they would

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring ~ ~

in a Bill for those purposes, and also to give the notices in the present month of February, and in the month of March next, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of,a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancafshire, Mr.

Stanley, &c,: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

I)! .;

vtarket Orton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open; inclosure Bill, Common Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Com- in the Open or Common Fields belonging to the Manor

be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. EllijMr. Chaplin, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Sir John Methuen Poore, of in the County of Wilts, Baronet, on behalf of himfeit and others, petition, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth. That,

Great Ad-lin^ton Inclosure , Petition.

monable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orton, otherwise and Parish of there are 64 acres of Land, which

Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing he dispersed in divers places in the said Common Fields, the Tythes within the same Parish, was read a second and to which Lands appertain divers rights of feeding for time. cows and sheep in and over part of the Fields and Lands

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins, of the said Manor and Parish; and if the said 64 acres, Mr. Cartwright,&c.: And they are to meet this After- with the feedings thereto belonging, were allotted, divided, noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and laid in severalty, so as to enable the parties to inclose

the fame, a very considerable benefit would arise from the A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors of improvement and cultivation thereof: And therefore pray-Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the Open ing> That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those and Common Fields of Great Addington, in the County of purposes.

Northampton, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard Petitioners are seised or possessed of several Lands and and Mr. Penruddocke do prepare, and bring in,

Estates within the Open and Common Fields, Common the fame.

Meadows, Common Pastures; and other Commonable

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Addington A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there-aforesaid; and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they unto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Com-would be of much greater advantage to the persons inte- mon Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Paf-rested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given tures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish to bring in a Bill for those purposes. of Upton Scudamore, otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins forth, That it would be very advantageous to all Persons and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame. interested therein, if the fame were divided, inclosed, and

3 allotted

' j if

Upton I

Scudamore fn-clolure Petition.

9

irf

ftfr

uc.

;Ut aai

VXJSU. 111.

14° Februarii.

157

leave

M3iM win-Bill) pre-

fck

Vnriny BUI, tamed,

allotted in severalty: And therefore praying. That may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said PetitionAnd that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain, for twenty-eight days: And the fame was received; and read the first time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-

"' England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed,

" and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, u for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred " and three;" and an Act:, made in the 3Sth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be " raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one " thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight;" and also, one other Act of the same year, intituled, "An Act for " making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase * in manner therein stated, the several sums of money " now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one " year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thou* " land seven hundred and ninety-eight," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow three weeks, the 8th day of March next* resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom Petition of the Commissioners of Waterworks within the

the

Southamptt Waterwork

Town and County of , was referred; That the p^rtedT*

Committee had examined, and found that notices of the night, the 22d day of this instant February, resolve itself application to Parliament had been ihlerted in the London into the said Committee. Gazette of the 25th and 28th of September, and the 2d'

1 of October last, and in the Hampshire Chronicle of the 28th

teionof A Petition of the Apothecaries, Chemists, and Drug- of September last, and affixed on the Sessions-house door of residing in and near the Borough of Southwark, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton at the iMi Mtdi’the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and last Michaelmas Sessions; but that it appeared to the Com-read; complaining of an Act, passed in the 42d year of mittee, that the said Town has for feme time past been His present Majesty’s reign, for imposing certain Duties subject to great inconvenience from a want of water, and upon Patent or Proprietary Medicines; and praying that during last summer the distress of the Inhabitants increased the said Act may be repealed. to an alarming extent, but it was not until the beginning

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. of September that the cause of the scarcity of water was

discovered, which then appeared to arile from numberless The ingrafted Bill, to continue, fora rime to be limited, defects in the pipes, which are very old, and from their the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the 37th and situation under houses and buildings, it was impossible to 38th years of the reign of His present Majesty, on pay- get at and examine them; that the nature of the remedy meats of Calli by the Bank, was, according to Order, read was not adverted to until towards the end of the month of the third time. September, when there was not sufficient time to insert the

The Amendments following were severally proposed to notices within the time limited by the Orders of the House; be made to the Bill; viz. that the Inhabitants of the different Parishes were assembled

Pr. 3. 1. 8. To leave out " Courts" and insert <c of in the usual and regular manner, by special notice, to de-" His Majesty’s Courts in Westminster termine upon the propriety and necessity of applying to

Bank Restric-pud.

1. 9.

1.20. 1.23.

3

nit

30.

Parliament, and were unanimous in their desire so to do; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 20th year of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits,

Hall," instead thereof.

After " been " to insert " or shall be."

After * person" to insert " or persons."

To leave out " orand after " lhe " to insert " or they."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend and continue, until the expiration of and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of ampton, was read:—And,

Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts, of Mr. Thomas Nichols being examined, said. That the the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of powers and proyilions of the said Act, and the money raised His present Majesty, on payments of Calli by the Bank. under and by virtue of the fame, have been found too li-Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the mited, inadequate, and insufficient for the purposes thereby Lords, and desire their concurrence. intended, and it is expedient that the powers thereof should be amended and enlarged, and further and other provisions Oydered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better established, for the better and more effectually and abun-securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to servein dantly supplying the laid‘Town with water, and for the Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain prevention and extinguishment of Are, by the establishment Officers employed in the collection or management of His of Firemen and fire engines within the lame '

Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland, from giving their votes at such elections: And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Corry, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, do prepare, and bring in, fee fame.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

fy&c.

El'i, it-

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- vVansinster unto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town and neighbour- Market, &c. hood of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, or usually Petition* referring to the weekly Market held there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a very large public Market, for the sale of corn and divers other articles, is now held weekly in the said Town, and the into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon said corn is exposed publicly for sale, in bulk, in the the Rill for appointing Commissioners for putting into ex- principal public street of the said Town, through which ecution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, the great Turnpike Road from Portsmouth to Bristol pafles,

" An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a and the passage along the said street is thereby greatly ob-" Duty on Pensions, Offices, and personal Eilatcs, in strufted, and rendered inconvenient and dangerous to the Vex. 58. S s

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th day of December last, for the House to resolve itself

Passengers

158

14Q Febmarii.

A. 1803.

iji

Pafifengers and Travellers passing through the said Town A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Stafford and on market days; and that the corn brought to the said unto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors upon the p^f^rnRoa, ls market is now exposed for sale open anti uncovered* and Tolls arising within the First Di ft rift of Roads mentioned the warehouses for lodging the fame before and after sale in two Acts, the one passed in the 9th year of Mis present are very insufficient for the security thereof, and great Majesty, for repealing so much of two Acts, passed in the depredations and Losses have been sustained to the Owners 17th and 2.8th years of his late Majesty, as relate to the thereby for want of more proper and secure places for stor- Road from the end of the County of Stafford, in the Polling the fame, and it would be more convenient for the Road towards the City of Chester, through in the

Buyers and Sellers of corn reforring to the said market, as County of Salop, to in the County of Chester,

well as for Travellers passing through the street where the and several other Roads therein mentioned; and the other, said market is now held, if the said market were removed passed in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for enlarg-to some more convenient place, and a new covered market ing the term and powers of the said Act of the 9th year of erected for the sale of corn, with proper and secure store His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the First rooms and buildings adjoining thereto, for depositing corn District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and

read; letting forth, That a considerable progress hath been made in the repair of the Roads within the said First District, and several considerable sums of money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the credit of the Tolls arising within the same District, and which sums, to-

before and after the sale thereof, and convenient approaches to the fame for waggons and carriages; and that the Town Hall of the said Town, in which the butchers lhambles or meat market is now held, is situated in a narrow part of the said public street, to the annoyance

and obstruction of Travellers and others passing through gether with the said Tolls, have been applied to the pur-the fame; and it would be more convenient to the Public as well as to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the said Town Hall and lhambles therein w'ere removed to a more convenient spot within the said Town: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

poses in the said Acts mentioned; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and maintained, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term of tire said Acts be further extended, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Heathcote, Air. mondeley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

roxfield

nclolurc

etition.

to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Mr.

Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose ntimes are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Common Rights, in A Petition of the thereunder-signed Brewers, on behalf Petitions and upon a certain Common or Wade, called the Froxfield of themselves, and of others, exercising the trade of Brew-Barnett, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County o i South-ing: And also, Bter.&c.

ampton, and interested in the several other Wastes and Com- Another Petition of the there-undersigned Brewers, on monable Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the behalf of themselves, and of others exercising the trade of House, and read; setting forth, That the said Common or Brewing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

1

11

/jythe Com-; 'ton Iiidolure ! etition.

■ i'1

Wade, and other Lands and Grounds, are capable of great improvement, and would, if allotted, divided, and inclosed, be of great advantage to the persons interested: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote and Air. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in a certain Common, called the Nythe, otherwise the Nythen Common, in fhe Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton, w'as pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Common or Waste contains, by estimation, 70 acres or thereabouts, and would, if allotted, divided, and inclosed, be of great advantage to the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William

complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed Weymouth in the ift and 22d years of the reign of His present Ala- M^mbe jesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through Regis Road* the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, Bl!1» and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell coinnu to the Church in the Parish of Ofiming all in the County of Dorset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis John Brozvne, Mr. Morton Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 enm Heath

.idofure

etition.

A Petition of the ATagistrates, or Baillies, and Town Greenock Council, of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, Trustees ap-Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the pointed for improving the Harbours of Greenock, and of the lame.' . several Inhabitants of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock,

whose names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, interested House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed ' in the Open Common or Waste, called Beam Heath, in the in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, to amend two Acts, Township of Ahafion, and Parish of Nantwich ,in the made-in the 13th and 29th years of His present Majesty,

for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Acts; and that the Trustees authorized by the said several Acts have borrowed and advanced several sums of money upon the credit of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, col-lested by virtue of the said Acts, which have been duly laid out, and great progress has been made in the public works thereby directed, but the fame cannot be fully and completely executed unless the said Trustees are authorized

County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Heath contains about 400 statute acres, and if the fame were divided, inclosed, and improved, it would tend to the benefit and advantage of all persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Si

Heathcote, Mr. Cholmondeley, and Mr. Egerton, do prepare, and empowered to purchase and acquire, and hold, such

and bring in, the fame. further lands and grounds as may be any way requisite for

13 the

UKO. All.

14° Februarii.

\5l)

the purpose of erecting warehouses, and such other works and buildings as will be sufficient for the convenience and accommodation of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and all other Traders and Manufacturers, trading to or from the Harbours or Town of Greenock and unless the said Trustees are authorized and empowered to fell the lands and grounds already acquired, or to be acquired by them as before-mentioned, or to erect such warehouses and other works and buildings upon the fame, and to fell such warehouses and other works and buildings, and apply the prices to be received for what may be to fold towards the extinction of the debts to be contracted by the said Trustees in carrying the bid several Acts into execution; and that, although the possessors of houses and other crections within the bounds of the said Town of Greenock, as limited by the last-recited Act, are obliged in payment of a tax of one shilling in the pound of the real rent of the houses, and other subjects in the said Town of Greenock, doubts haveariien respecting the jurisdiction of the Baillies of Greenock, over part of tire said bounds, and of the privileges of the Feuars and Suhfeuars within certain parts of the fame, being equal to those of the other Feuars and Subfeuars in the said Town, in virtue of the charter granted to the lame, in the year 1751, by the deceased Sir John Schaw, of Greenock; and it will therefore be for the interest and advantage of the said Town that such doubts be removed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hr all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dm das, Mr. Johnfonc, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ha in A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town I'psitlo* Council, of the City of Glasgow, was pretented to the House,

:.;Pm and read; taking notice of the Petition of the Baillies and Trustees of the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, in Ac County of Renfrew: And praying, That the Bill prayed for by the said Petition may pais into a law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town i-jiioi Council, of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said City has of late been much extended, enlarged, and beautified, whereby the number of wealthy and opulent Inhabitants has much increased, and it has become expedient to provide for their amusement, and that of the Nobility and Gentry of the neighbourhood, a public Theatre, under proper regulations: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the said City or neighbourhood.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dundas Mr. William BunJas, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

‘"tar

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Renfrew, Lmrk, and Ayr, and Trustees appointed by various Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of his late Majesty, and in the 29th, 32d, and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said several Acts, certain Tolls and Duties were granted to the Trustees therein named, for making and repairing certain Roads therein mentioned; and that great progress has been made in making and repairing the bid Roads, but it is necessary that the terms of the bid several Acts should be extended, and the power* thereof enlarged, altered, and amended, in order to ^ry the fame into execution, and to make and repair the V01.58.

following Roads branching from, or connected with, the several Roads specified in the said Acts; viz. from Carmun-nock to Peel, and from thence to Eaglejhame, by and Drips, and from, at, or near Williamzvood, by Muir End, to' Poliohfaws, and from, at, or near Eaglejhame, to, at, or near Afuirkirk, and from, at, or near Eaglejhame, to,

at, or near Newmihis, and from Kirkland Bridge by Eaglejhame to Kingswell, l'o far as the fame pals, or are intended to pass, through the County of Renfrew, and from Ban-head to Auchinback Muir, to, at, or near and

to, at, or near Mearns Kirk, and from Mearns Kirk to Eaglejhame, and from Hauglicad Mills, by Auchintorlie to Paisley, and from Clerks Bridge to Beith, and from, at, or near Bcnjkivan, to Limvood, and from Linwood to the Road from Barnsford to Bridge of IVeir, at or near Fulwood, and from Greenock to Kelly Bridge by Fancy Farm, and by Goursck, and the Clough, and a Road branching out of the fame from Gourock, to the Allay Alibi; and it is expedient that the said several Acts, with such enlarged and amended powers and authorities, should be reduced and consolidated into one Ad; and it is also necessary, for the improvement of the Roads and Bridges in the said County of Renfrew, that the powers and authorities granted by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the year 1666, being the 16th of the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, and also by an Act, passed in the 3ad year of His present Majesty, should be enlarged, altered, and amended, lb as the fame may be made adequate and effectual to the present times, and the uses and purposes to which such powers and authorities are by the said several Acts dirededand intended to be applied and enforced: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. Wiliam Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, Proprietors of Berwick Land, and others. Inhabitants within the County of Per-wick, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Edinburgh and Greenlaw, which commences at or near to where the thirty Mise-stone is now placed, upon Hyndftde Hill, and parting from thence at or near to

Hardlaw, Bed/hiel, or the Kaim, and Chcicelee, to where it -joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Dunje, all in the County of Berwick, is in bad condition and repair, and in many places, during the winter, or in rainy leafons, is impartible for carriages; and that it would tend greatly to the improvement of that part of the country, and be of great advantage to the trade, commerce, and agriculture thereof, if the said Road was effectually repaired, and kept in repair, and the necessary bridges erected and maintained thereon: And therefore praying, That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-* lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ' them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. Wiliam Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have '

Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City of Chester Cliefier, and Liberties thereof whose names are thereunto &c' subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in execution 1

so much of the Act herein after mentioned, as relates to the watching, lighting, paving, and cleaning, the Streets, Rows, and Passages, ami for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments, within the said City, and for improving the Police thereof) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for better regulating

the

160

14* Februarii.

A. 1803,

5U

the Poor, maintaining a nightly watch, lighting, paving, ton, , , and Potton, to a House

and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, providing called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several fire-engines and firemen, and regulating the hackney coach- Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford, was premen, chairmen, carmen, and-porters, within the said City; fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the and that so much of the said Act as relates to the main- Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have taining a nightly watch, lighting and cleansing the streets, proceeded in the execution thereof, and have borrowed rows, and passages, and for removing and preventing nuis- considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls ances, annoyances, and incroachments, within the said City, thereby authorized to be collected, which money, together has been found in several respects to be inconvenient, de- with the said Tolls, have been duly applied according to festive, and inadequate to the purposes by the said Act in- the directions of the said Acts -, and that the said money tended; and it is requisite that the powers and provisions lb borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be pro-thereof, with respect to the matters aforesaid, should be perly amended and kept in repair, unless the terms and amended, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, powers by the said Acts granted be amended, altered, and That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those enlarged; and it would be attended with great ease in the purposes. execution, if such powers were reduced into one Act:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

nutter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-them, to the House: sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

And it is referred to Mr. Leycester, Mr. Grofuenor, &c.: the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the to them, to the House:

clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

mouth voui Petition, t-ported.

Mvington

[ncloiure

Petition.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lairy, near , was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to shelly Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Piece 1 g'i1,",ure or Parcel of open and uninclosed Wood Land, called presented; Hartley Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish ' him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- And the fame was received; and read the first time, wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the RThat the Bill be read a second time, fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry APetition of the thereunder-signed Woollen and Cotton Woollcombe, being examined, said. That the present ap- Manufacturers, residing in the Town and neighbourhood proach to the Borough of Plymouth is rendered extremely of Leeds, in the County of York: And also, difficult and inconvenient by a certain Hill, called LipfonA Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton Spinners, Ac*

Hill, over which the present Road to the said Borough residing in the Town and neighbourhood of in

leads; and that it would be of considerable utility and the County of York: And also,

advantage not only to the neighbourhood, but to the Pub- A Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton and Woollen lie at large, if a new Road were made from a certain place Spinners;

Petitions from

;cc.

again!! Cotton Apprciuices

called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buekland, in the County of Devon, through certain Marsh Lands called

Lipfon Bay and Tothill Bay, to the said Borough of Plymouth; by means whereof the said Hill, called Lipfon Hill, over which great quantities of timber and naval stores for the use of His Majesty’s Dock Yard at Plymouth are at present from necessity conveyed, will be avoided, and an ealy, safe, and commodious road obtained for the use of the Public.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable " The Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the " Lairy, ne^r Plymouth," to make and maintain a Road from

a certain place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buekland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth: And that Sir William Elford and Mr. Langmead do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates

within the Parish of Alvington, in the County of Gloucester, within the Manor and Chapelry of Wilton aforesaid, was was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there there are within or belonging to the said Parish several are within the adjoining Townships of Wilton, Lazenby Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, and Lackenby, and Weft Coatham, in the Chapelry of intermixed and Waste Grounds, and, if the fame were in- aforesaid, several Common Fields, Common Pastures, elofed and divided, they might be considerably improved: Commons, Moors, and Wastes, and also several inclosed

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring Lands and Grounds, and it would be advantageous to the in a Bill for those purposes. Persons interested, if the said Common Fields, Common

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Pastures, Commons, Moors, and Wastes, were divided,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was pafi'cd in the last Session, for the preservation of the health and morals of Apprentices and others, employed in; cotton and other mills, and cotton and other factories; and that the principle of the said Act is injurious and oppressive, not only to the cotton, woollen, and flaxen spinners, but to the manufacturers at large: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or otherwise to amend and modify the lame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wilton, in the North Riding of the County of and petition, of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Hereditaments

Bury and

•T-.arion

?ciition.

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Elford, the Marquis of Worcester, and Admiral Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are

allotted, and inclosed, and if the Tythes arising from as well the said Commonable Lands as the said inclosed Lands and Grounds were extinguished, and an adequate compensation in land set out and allotted in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execu- Bill for those purposes. tion several Acts, palfed in the a8th year of his late Ma- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant jesty, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for repair- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. ing the Road from a certain place in Bury, in the County Lascelles and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the

of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hil- feme.

A Petition

V/ XXX#

1^* rcoruam.

XXJJS

rii.twctt

/;ii

';'.UOO

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- fame and other Roads adjoining; and also an Act, made in unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, being the 38th year of His present Majesty, for making a new Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Owners of Estates, Road or Street from to

wiilna the Parishes, Townships, or Places herein after men- head, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise timed, or Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westmin- R ,to Lilliput Hall in was pre-Jter and County of Middlesex respectively, was presented to fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the

the House, and read; setting forth, That, by surveys lately new Road from New Street aforesaid hath been made retaken, it appears practicable to make a Canal for the navi- cording to the said first-mentioned Act, for the doing gation of boats, barges, and other vessels, from and out of whereof, and for the repair of the several other Roads, a the bason of the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of considerable sum of money hath been borrowed, which, Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, to join and com- together with the Tolls or Duties, and Annual Payments^ municate with the London Docks in the Parishes of Saint collected and received by virtue of the said several Acts, Paul Shadwdl, and Saint George in the Eafi, or one of them, have been expended thereabouts, and also in the widening

in the same County; and that such Canal will pals through and improving the lame, and also in part execution of the the several Parishes of Paddington, otherwise Saint Mary said Act of the 38th year of His present Majesty, but the Paddington, Saint Marylebone otherwise Marybone, Saint Petitioners find that the said Tolls or Duties, and annual Pnncras, Saint James Clerkenwell’, Saint Luke in Midd/eJ'ex, Payments, are not sufficiently adequate to repay the sums

Saint Leonard in Shoreditch, Bethnal Green, Saint Mary White- so borrowed, to maintain the said Roads in good condition, ehapd, and the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, all situate and to carry into speedy execution the purposes of all the in the County of Middlesex, and also in,’to, or through, said several Acts; and that in the Parish of

the tevcral Parishes or Townships of Saint George Middlesex, Saint Mary Magdalen, being a highway therein,

comm. ;nly called Saint George in the Eifi, and Saint Paul's is in a very ruinous and bad condition, but, as the fame is Shad.oell, otherwise Saint Paul Shadwdl, otherwise Chad/- a Road of great thoroughfare, the Inhabitants of the said well, situate within the Tower Hamlets, in the same County; Parish have applied to the Petitioners to take the lame and such Canal will afford the means of facilitating and under the care and management of their trust, offering to rendering less expensive the carriage and conveyance of indemnify the Petitioners from sustaining any loss thereby, coals, timber, bricks, lime, manures, corn, hay, straw, hops, to which proposal the Petitioners have contented, from a and other vegetable productions, and will materially dimi- full persuasion the fame, if put under their management, nish the number of draught horses necessary for the cartage will be of great public advantage; and that, by an Act of of the various articles of merchandize throughout the the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and im-C;ties of London and Westminster, and the many populous proving the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Kent Diitrius in their vicinity, whereby much land, now applied Street, in the Parish of Saint George, to,

to the growth of provision for the sustenance of horses, may and other Roads in the Counties of and Surrey, the be more beneficially uied in the culture of food for man- Road in the Parish of Bennondsey, in the County of Surrey, kind, an object which has become more effectial in con- leading from the Stone's End in Bermondsey Street, towards lequence of the increasing popui t»on of the kingdom, and is directed to be kept in repair

the general high price of prov.fions, and such Navigation by the Petitioners, and they are thereby inverted with pow-will, in 0:her respects, be of great public advantage: And ers and authorities for requiring the performance of Sta-

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal.

Oi iered. That the said Petition be referred to the confident ion of a Cc n metee: And that th^y do examine the nutter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

tute Work by the Inhabitants of Bermondsey on the said Road; and that the said Road is in bad repair, and requires a large sum of money, bolides the said Statute Labour, to be laid out to put the fame into good condition, which the Petitioners cannot afford to expend out of the funds arising by the several before-mentioned Acts, and it is there-

Power to fend for persons, papers, and records

, A&rTnclo-so Petition,

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, the Lord Mayor of fore necessary to resort to other means for the support and London, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, maintenance of the said Road: And therefore praying, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes

aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RufJ'dl, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

A Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal H spital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, Lords of the Manor of Alfion, otherwise A If on Moor, and Garragill, in the County of Cumberland, and of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting

forth, That there are within the said Manor of Alfion, other- Power to lend for persons, papers, and records, wife Alfion Moor, and Garragill, and in the Parish of Alfion, in the County of Cumberland (exch.five of the Hamlet or Sir John presented the House, according to Send and

Distriftof Priorfdale, within the said Manor and Parish) Older, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the divers Commons, Moors, or Wastes, containing together. Open Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and presented. by efumation, 20,000 acres or thereabouts, and also cer- Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

tain Stinted Futures; and if the fame were divided, and specific lharcs allotted to the persons interested, and if, in consideration of an adequate compensation, all the Lands in the said Parish, as well open as inclosed (except what are situate within the said Hamlet or District of Priorfdale) were discharged from Tythes, it would tend greatly to the improvement of the estates of the Proprietors: And there-

js*

pltt.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Vif- Plumpers count Newark, and the humble Petition of the several other

__________ ______ Persons, whose names are thereuntofubferibed, Owners of 61 °n*

fore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill Estates within the Manors or Townships of P/umptree and for those purposes. Clipftone, in the Parish of P/umptree, in the County of

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant tingham, was presented the House, and read; letting to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Burdon, forth. That there are within the said Manors or Sir Henry Fletcher, and Mr. James Lozvther, do prepare, and several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and bring in, the lame. Waste Lands and Grounds, containing in the whole, by

estimation, 1,7 70 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were A Petition of the Trustees for putting into execution divided and inclosed, great advantage would arile to the three Acts, made in the 2?d year of his late Majesty, and persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may *n the 7th and 3 ill years or His present Majesty, for making be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. anew Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant the several places therein mentioned, and fop repairing the to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. -Vol. 38. Tt pent

Kforton, &c«

Inclosure

Petition,

3

Tollerton

Inclosure

Petition.

Sut ton-upon-*rrtent Indo-Cure Petition.

fj

h

U

!r

K

• Borough-fridge Road j iBiil, com-. girted.

.1

CAvhcr\rr

Mooraii-d

\ Staiadrop :Roid Bid, izjXAini&edL

165

pout and Lord William Cavendish do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Plumptre, Esquire, and of the several other Person*, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Eftltes in the Parish of , and in the Hamlet

of Fiftterton, within the Parish of , in the County of

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within the said Parish and Hamlet several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, 550 acres or thereabouts 5 and if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and if, in confederation of an equivalent in land or money, all the Tythes, arising as well from the said Coriimonable Lands, as from the inclosed Lands, in the said Parish and Hamlet, were extinguished, the estates of the Petitioners would be rendered of greater value: And therefore praying, That leave may b^ given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord William Ca Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Pendock Neale, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Tollerton, and the Reverend Pendock Neale, Clerk, Rest or of the Parish Church of Tollerton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish several 0[>en and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the whole, by estimation, 1,200 acres or thereabouts; and if the lame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and if, in consideration of an equivalent in Land, all the Tythes arising, as well from the said Commonable Lands as from the inclosed Lands, in the said Parish, were extinguished, the estates of the Petitioners would be rendered of greater value: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in in

the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore pray ing. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three Acts, made in the 16th and 22d years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 44th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Cathcrick, in the same County, and from thence to Pierf-bridge, on the River Tees, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, made in the ill and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gat her ley Moor, in the County of York, to Siaindrop, in the county of,

and from the said Turnpike Road near Styallways, across the River Tees, to Wmston, in the said County of,

was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Bur don, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

12

A. 1803.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and R,j"ds p<.rt-t-the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prest mi to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called

Hciring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That -the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable turns of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended, and kept in repair, unless the terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other powers granted; and that the Road leading out of the present Road, at or near the Guide Post, in the Township of Slyne with Heft, to or near a place called Heft Bank, in the said Township, would be more conveniently repaired, and rendered more commodious for all persons passing thereon, if the fame was placed under the care and management of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lan-castdre, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Iviine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Low- Petition to /her, Proprietor of, and otherwise intcrofted in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the ‘

1 Iou'e, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 7th year of Ills present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Ship, in the County of Weft, norland, whereby certain Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners for putting the said Act in execution; and that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act are ali dead, without having elected or appointed any other person or persons to lucccel them as Commissioners to put the said Act in execution, and no other proceedings have taken place in consequence thereof, than the allotting and disposing of a certain portion of the said Commons for the purpose of paying the expences of obtaining the said Ad, and for other purposes relating thereto; and that the Lands comprized in the said recited Act confill of large Open Wattes and Commons, and it v'ouId be very advantageous to the persons interested therein, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed: . .

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for appointing new Commissioners for carrying the lame into effect.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Grid Petition: And that Mr. James Graham, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. James Lowilier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next. Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to d^jar^ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 15° die F

Anno 430 Georgii IIltU Regis, 1803.

Pa AY ERS.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Nottingham Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and the f^fions, several other Petitions, complaining of an undue election coaiidered.

and

14°—15* F.

A A A*

io' neoruanii

and return for the Town and County of the Town of And thereupon the'House proceeded to draw, by lot, Nottingham, being come; out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in

The Serjeant at Arrfts was sent, with the Mace, to the order to form a second Committee, according to the direo

tions of the said Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty.

And the names of thirty-fin Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Charles , Secret tary at War, was drawn, who Rated, that he conceived it would be attended with material inconvenience to public business if he was to serve on the said Committee} and having verified the! fame upon oath, he was excused: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn, and it appearing that there wanted thirteen names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration till Tommorrow, Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

Thirteen several Petitions of the thereunder-signed Brew- Petition,

places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and one hundred and twenty-four Members being present;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the +id year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the proceedings relating thereto, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Petition of Richard IVilfon, of Datchworth

Lodge, in the County of Herts, Esquire, complaining of

an undue eieftion and return for the Borough of Barn-

fiaple, in the County of Devon, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said caies, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petitions respecting the Election for Nottingham into consideration, was read.

And one of the counsel at the Bar having stated to the

House, that he appeared on the behalf of John Davison,

Esquire, the late Mayor of Nottingham, and of several o

other person% whole conduct was called in question by the ers, on behalf of themselves, and of others exercising the Dudes'on

Allegations contained in one or more of the P-titions now taken into consideration; and having requeued that ih y might be permitted to appear as a separate farcy, on the appointment of the said Committee;

And the other parties having been heard, by their counsel, in relation thereto;

The counsel and agents withdrew some way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made,- afld the Question b.ing put, That the said persons be permitted t > appear as a separate party on the appointment of the said Commitice;

It passed in the Negative.

And the counsel and agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speakeracquainted them with ti e laid lleioiution.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

trade of Brewing; Beer,

Were severally presented to the House, and redd; complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. -

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-t Modbury unto lubienbed, on behalf of themselves and others, being potion, Trust.es for putting in execution the Acts herein after meiuiored, was presented to the House,:and read; setting forth. That an Act was pafll-d in the 32d year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mod-bun, through the Town of to the North end of

Lineoita Lane, in the County of Devon -, and that an Act And file name of Nathaniel Bond Ei quire, being drawn, was passed, in the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for le was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers counsel for the Petitioners. of the said Act; and that the Petitioners have proceeded

And the name of the Right honourable John Stewart to put the said Acts in execution, and have, for that purging drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee pole, borrowed a considerable Tuna of money on the credit to be appointed for trying the Barnstaple Election, by thereof, which ftiil remains due and owing, and cannot be bchard WUJon, Esquire, the Petitioner in that case. paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being improved, and kept in repair, unlel's the term granted and complete; continued by the said Acts, which is nearly expired, is

The counsel for the fitting Member nominated George further continued, and some of the pi/,-.; * "nd nlovisions Jjing, Esquire, to serve on the Committee for trying the thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necestary

tha; the Tolls, 5,ranted by the last mentioned Act, should be increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be Teferred to the con*

Nottingham Election.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn, and lie

being again sworn, in the manner stated in the sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lopez, Mr.- &c.;

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nineof the clock, in the Shaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend

proceedings of the nth day of this instant February, was excused; and the name of the Lord Hazvkesbury, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, was drawn, and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of

the 10th day of this instant February, was excused: for persons, papers, and records.

And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl Broshe Kinwarton upwards, or as having served on a Select Com- and Earl of Warwick, and the Right-Reverend Richard p mittee; and other names were set aside, the Mem- Lord Bishop of and the humble Petition of

hers being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Nottingham Election, the door was opened; *»d the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

the Reverend Francis Rnfford, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the' Parish of Kinwarton, in the County of Warwick, certain Homesteads, Farms, and old inclosed Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land or Ground; and also several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,'Pastures, and

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, said Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, complaining of 420 acres or thereabouts; and there are also several other *n undue election and return for Barnstaple, was read. pieces or parcels of Arable Land, lying dispersedly in the Vot. 58. Ope*

164

15° Februarii.

A. 1803.

Open and Common Fields and Meadows of aforesaid, containing, by estimation, 29 acres or thereabouts; and also a Clole of inclosed land, called Eleven Lands, containing two acres and two roods, or thereabouts; and that the G.ebe Lands belonging to the rectory of lie

very much dispersed, in small parcels, and intermixed with the open field lands, whereby the cultivation of the said glebe and open field lands is rendered difficult and inconvenient; and that the Petitioners have entered into an agreement for dividing and allotting the said old inclosed and Open and Common Field Lands, and Commissioners are now proceeding to divide and allot the fame, pursuant to the said agreement: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. IVillett Willett and Mr. DugJale do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for executing two Acts, passed Gnmpovnd in the 1 ft and 21ft years of His present Majesty, for repair-

Great Canford

frnclosure

Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Canford> in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Common Meadows, called Slamming otherwise Symons Mead, and Nethenvoody also certain other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and it would be advantageous to the persons inte relied if the fame were divided and inclosed: And theretorc praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor those purposes.

Ordrredy That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Willett Willetty Mr. Morton Pilty and Mr. Francis John Browne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Grampoundy in the County of CormvnHy through the Towns of Saint Anjlell and Lofizcitkiely and from thence to the Ealt end of the Weitern Taphouse Lane, in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, refilling near the said Road, and also of the several Creditors who have advanced money on the credit of the said A ’its, was preferred to the House, and reads letting forth, That several sums of money, amounting together to the turn of £.3,050, shave been borrowed on the credit of the Toils granted by the said Acts, which, together with the produce of the said Toils, after paying the interest of the money borrowed, have been applied towards the repairs of the said Road, but that no part of the said principal money hath been paid or discharged; and that considerable repairs are Hill wanting to be done to the said Road, and some of the powers, proviliuns, and regulations of the said Acts have been found inconvenient and inadequate for the purposes intended; and it is necessary the term of the said Acts should be extended, and the powers and provisions thereof explained, altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Allen, Mr. Lemon, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Xine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Road

titiou.

Kilnvrtun

Inciolurc

Petition.

Nottingham

Flettion

Committee,

appointed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there* unto subscribed, being interested in Estates, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kifo.iston, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, and if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heat hole and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Nottingham Election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in, to the House, a reduced lift, to which lift, the Nominees being added, the lame was called over; and is as follows:

Henry Penruddocke WyndhamE'quire, Peter La louche, El quire, Peter William Baker Esquire, the Honourable Edward King, James Farquhar, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne,- Esquire, David La , Esquire, the Honourable Cropley Ashley, William Esquire, John

Benn Walsh, Esquire, Lord Granville Lcvefon , John Kii igston, Esquire, John li a gw ell, Esquire, Nathaniel , Esquire, George Byng, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for , were

Sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the count'd and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of -controverted Elections.

Shuttingto* Inclot are Petition.

Stewkley

Inclosure

Petition.

Militia

training

CGittnuLtcri,

A Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain, for twenty-eight days, was, ao cording to Order, read a second time.

Rcjvhed, That the Bill be committed.

Befolvtd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refylved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve h'tl* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and V\ afte Grounds, in the Parish of Shutlington, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thar if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Dugdale, and Sir George Augijius William Shuckburgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Stewkley, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within’ the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the whole, by estimation, 104 Yard-lands, oonlifting of 3.O-O acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, they would be rendered oi much greater value: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin, the Marquis of Titchfidd, and the Eari temple, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Kimble am' unto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellesborough, in the County of Petition. -Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, they would be rendered of greater value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin, j

the Marquis of Titchfield, and the Earl Temple, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

1 i

fJAjlfiU. Ill*

15° Februani.

165

gflJfonJ straj. *C-Pttinott-

ja.

A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of, and Sir Geary reported from the Committee, to Derby Roa

Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Shops, WarelrouJcs, whom tire Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-and other buildings in the Town of Bradford, and part of holders, and others, of the County of , whole names ‘ the Hamlet of Little Hurton adjoining thereto, in the Weft are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Cotn-Ridir.gof the County of York, whole, names are thereunto mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Entries, Passages, and plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Places, within the Tow n of Bradford and part of Little matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to Hortonaforesaid adjoining thereto, are not lighted and be reported to the House; and he read the Report in cleansed, that the causeways and Footpaths therein are not his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s properly paved and flagged, that there are various en- Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; croachments, obstructions, annoyances, and nuisances, in viz.

the said streets and other places; that the passing along and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. through the fame is in several parts incommodious and Matthew being examined, said. That the Road from

unsafe for Passengers and Travellers, and many disorders and or near the Village of GloJJop, to or near to Mar pie Bridget irregularities are committed therein in the night-time; and in the County of is much out of repair, narrow, and

that it would be of great benefit and advantage to the incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened.

Inhabitants of the said Town of Bradford, and part of Little and kept in repair, by the Laws now in being; and that it Horton aforesaid, as well as to all persons retorting to and would be a great benefit and convenience to the neigh-passing through the fame, if the said cauleways and foot- bourhood, and of public utility, if powers were givefl for paths were properly paved and flagged, and the said several amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the said Road; streets and other places were well and sufficiently cleansed, and if powers were also given for making a branch from the lighted, improved, and regulated, and all encroachments, fame Road, from or near a place called The Lower , in obstructions, annoyances, and nuisances, were removed, the Hamlet of Ludworth, to Bridge, both in the

and in future prevented, and a nightly Watch established; laid County of Derby; also another branch from or near a And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring certain place called Gamefey, in the Hamlet of Charlesvsortk, in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. to or near to another place called RirnalIntake, in the Hamlet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- of , in the said County; and also another branch,

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the from or near a place called in the Hamlet of

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Simon!ey by Dinting , to a place called Woolley , them, to the House: in the Hamlet of lladfeld, in the said County, to commu-

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, nicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Glossop afore* tcc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine laid to Claylands Gate, in the Township of ,in

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the County Palatine of Chester

to fend for persons, papers, and records. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, repairing, and improving, the Road

IhST® 2vlr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, from or from near to the Village of Glossop, in the County;

ktti a Bill for abolishing certain dues, called Petty Customs, of Derby, to or near to Mar pie Bridge, in the said County,

Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port and for making several branches of Roads to and from the of the Town of Southampton, for making a convenient lame: And that Sir William Geary, Lord George Augustns Dock for the security of ships, for extending the Quays Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Howard, do prepare, and bring and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour in, the fame. j

there, and for erecting warehouses for the lafe custody of goods and merchandize, and for imposing certain Duties

for the above purposes: And the fame was received; and lead the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

pnttd The House was moved. That the Report which was

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Faversham unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two Acts R?ad* passed, as herein after mentioned, and of divers other per- Petlllon' Ions, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That two Acts were palfed in the 2d and 22d years

tft

Xctd

yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and of the Commissioners of Waterworks within the Town widening the Road leading from the high Post Road, near and County of Southampton, was referred, might be again the Town of Faversham, by through Ashford,

read. to the Town and Port of in the County of Kent, and

And the same being read accordingly; from Bacon's Water to a certain lane, called Holy Lane, in

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances , near the City of Canterbury; and that the Truk

mentioned in the said Report; leave be granted that No- tees for executing the said Acts have borrowed a confitures may be given in The London Gazette, and in The derable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls arising Hampjkire Chronicle, three times at least in the present on the said Roads, which money cannot be paid off, nor month of February and in the month of March next; or the Roads effectually amended, widened, improved, and °neof them, of the application to Parliament for thApur- kept in repair, unless the term of the said A efts is further p°fes mentioned in the said Petition. . continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof

, ' altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that

iio Ordered, That Sir William Geary do make the Report Hythe Hill, upon the said Turnpike Road, is a very long from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several and steep hill, and in many parts much out of repair, nar-Gent]emen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of tire County row, and very incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be of Derby, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, referred. by the ordinary course of Law; and that the said hill

>: . might be ealjly avoided, to the great utility and conve-

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to nience of the neighbourhood, and the Public in general,

' F«l! Prefer, a Bjp for repealing an Act, made in the 31ft year if powers were given for making, maintaining, widening, reign of His present Majesty’, intituled, "An Act improving, and keeping in repair, a Road to lead from a " for making a new Road from Saint George’s Gate, in the certain place called Pedlinge, about half a mile westward " City of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, from the top of the said Hill, On the said Turnpike Road, and for repairing and widening the present Road from to a certain-place near the Turnpike Gate, at the foot of " thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of the said hill, also on the said Turnpike Road, lying in the '‘Borbam, in the County of Kent," and for making for- several Parilfies of Saltwood, and Hythe, in the (hid

merand better provision for the several purposes of the County: And therefore praying, That leave may be given Act: And the fartie was received; and read the first to bring in a Bril for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con* Bjohtd, That the Bill be read a second time. - sideration of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the

'ot- 58. U u matter

u

•1ur

166

15° Febru

A. 1803.

Severn Towing Path Petition.

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr. Honytvood, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’S Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by virtue of an Act, passed in the reign of His present Majesty, a Road or Towing Path has been

who have made their Award: But which Agreement and Award cannot be confirmed without the aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Pendock Neale, El'quire, Lord of the Manor sibfen of Sibfon, and the Reverend Thomas Neale, Clerk, Rector of ^•;)l

the Parish Church of Sihfon, in the County of , was eu‘

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish teveral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

made for haling or drawing vessels along the River Severn, Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, from a place called Meadow Wharf, at Co/ehrooke Dale, in 1,200 acres or thereabouts, and if the fame were divided, the County of Salop, to Bezvdley Bridge, in the County of allotted, and inclosed, and if, in consideration of an equi

Worcester, and the navigation on the said River has been greatly benefited thereby; and that at present boats, barges, and other vessels, navigating on the said River between Bewdley Bridge aforesaid and Digits, below are

haled by men only, which is attended with great expence.

valent in land, all the Tythes, arising as well from the said commonable lands as from the inclosed lands in the said Parish, were extinguished, the estates of the Petitioners would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor

uncertainty, and delay, but if power was given to hale the those purposes. fame with horses or other beasts, and to extend the present Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant horse Towing Path from its present termination at or near to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Bewdley Bridge aforesaid, to Diglis, below Worcester, the na- Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, and Mr. Legh Keck, do pre-vigation of the said River would be attended with greater pare, and bring in, the fame.

expedition, certainty, and convenience, and carried on at lets expence: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of Saint Pane the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pan- Poor Petition eras, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Parish is

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to large and very populous, and its Poor are very numerous, them, to the House: * and are maintained and supported at a great expence; and

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Pulteney, that the Workhouse of the said Parish is so generally deice.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine caved and ruinous as to be unfit for repairing, and the of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power fame, with certain out-buildings erected at sundry times to fend for persons, papers, and records. in addition thereto, are not large enough to contain the

Poor requiring admission, which hath been found ex-Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, to whom the tremely inconvenient to the said Parish, and very preju-

Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto dicial to the health and comfort of its Poor, whose num-subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Cold bers are increasing; and that, if powers were given to pur-

Petition to confirm

.Agreement for

?ndofareton Afnton, in the County of was referred; That the

reported.’ Committee had examined, and found that the notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, for applying for a Bill for the confirmation and establishment of the division and allotment of the Commons, Lands and Grounds, mentioned in the Petition, have not been given, the Proprietors

chafe a piece ®f ground, and to build thereon a new Workhouse of sufficient dimensions, with proper conveniencies, for the reception of the Poor, and to raiie sufficient monies for those purposes, and also powers for the better government, regulation, and employment of the Poor, and for the better ascertaining and collecting of the Poor’s Rates, being only five in number, and havrng all executed the it would tend greatly to the ease of die Inhabitants of the Articles of Agreement, were not allured of the necessity said Parish, and the Poor would be better maintained and of so doing until the time for giving notices of applying provided for: And therefore praying. That leave may be for Iticlosure Biils, agreeable to such Standing Orders, was given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. elapsed; and that it will be attended with great inconve- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-nience and lols to the Petitioners, and all other persons sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the interested, if leave be not given in the present Session to matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to bring in a Bill for confirming and estabiifting the division them, to the House:

and allotments of the said Commons, Lands, and Grounds; And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Src.:

and that the Committee had examined the matter of the And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- r " port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Daniel Clutterbuck, El'quire, being examined, laid. That there

fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Northwick, Harrow

whole Inclosure

Petition.

and the humble Petition of the several Persons, names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of , in the County of Middlesex, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, and;

Waste Grounds, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, s

and inclosed, it would be attended with great advantage to j

the persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. w _ Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

if such right of sheepwalk and common of pasture were to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byng and extinguished, and if the said Commons and Grounds were Sir Francis Burdett do prepare, and bring in, the fame, divided and allotted amongst the several parties interested.T—And the Witness further said, That, by certain A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Wilt*#

Articles of Agreement, bearing date respectively the 12th unto subscribed, being interested in the several Commons p"t;t°I0un? day of March and the 16th day of October 1801 (which and Waste Grounds within the Manor of in the

were produced to your Committee) the said rights of Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was presented '(heepwalk and.common of pasture were agreed to be ex- to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said tinguithed, and Commissioners were appointed for divid- Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, ing, allotting, and inclosing the- said Lands and Grounds, it would be an advantage to the several persons interested

therein 1

being within the said Parish of Cold Ashton certain open Pasture Land and Commons belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which were subject to various rights of sheepwalk and common of pasture, and the said lands and grounds being very inconveniently situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and thereby rendered of little value, the Petitioners, and other persons interested therein, conceived it would be of great advantage to them

*fqj \JJVU« 1H<

13"—16® Februarii.

167

therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given of William Esquire; and al so, the Petition of Robert m it tee, re-

Bnfeon

locbiii*

petition-

to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augujltts Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lflates in the Parish of BraJ-Jiigton, otherwise Brajfon, in the County of , was predated to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, 4,000 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater

Sewell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the Dundas. County of Lincoln, informed the House, that the said Committee met Yesterday Morning, pursuant to their adjournment of the preceding day, when the Committee received an account of the illness of Philip Dundas, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) and that the said Committee then adjourned till this morning, Ten of the clock, when being further informed that the illness of Mr. Dundas continued, the said Committee adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sir Mattbeiv White Ridley further informed the House, that he attended in his place Yesterday, to present the Report of the absence of the said Mr. Dundas, occasioned by illness, and of the Adjournment of the Committee} but

value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given having conceived that it was necessary at the time of present-

Krtcn

bciomrc

to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are sub-

ing the Report to ascertain by evidence of a Medical person the illness of the said Mr. Dunda and on enquiry finding that no profelfional Gentleman had arrived to give this information, before the House was closed for the Ballot, he was prevented by this misapprehension from presenting the said Report before the House had adjourned.

And the House being informed that Mr. Home (a

feribed, being interested in the several Commons and Waste Surgeon) attended at the door, who could give the House

Grounds within the Manor of , in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfeld, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read} letting forth. That if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, allotted, and indofed, it would be a manifest advantage to the several persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy

information respecting the flare of Mr. Dundas's health, he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Philip Dundas, Esquire, be excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee Yesterday, and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one

and Lord George Attgujlus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and hundred and eleven Members being present;

t*

Grot

Hiicitiow

Inciai'are

Kuion.

bring in, the fame

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subseri bed, being interested in divers uninelofed Lands and Grounds, in the Township or Liberty of Great -low, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the said Township or Liberty divers Open, Common, and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows,

Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninelofed counsel for the fitting Member.

The Petitioner, and the counsel and agents for the fitting Member, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Henry Alexander, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the

Lands and Grounds 5 and, if the fame were divided and indofed, it would tend greatly to the improvement of their estates: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the Hopfe adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 16* d Februarii;

Regis, 1803.

Georgii III.

rii

Hple

fion,

-tad.

Anno 43*

P H AY E R S.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Richard Wilson, of Datchworth Lodge, tn the County of Herts, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, being come;

The house proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was font, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the house.

And being returned;

Grimibr Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition Vot.. j8.

And the name of the Right honourable John Stewart being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Petitioner.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the Petitioner, and the counsel before mentioned; and the door being opened, the Petitioner, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

1

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to Harwell Road ' whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are re'

thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants P within or near the Parishes and Places thereinafter-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Benjamin Morland being examined, feid. That the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County, at or near-a certain place called The Lanes End, is greatly out of repair, circuitous, and in many parts narrow and incommodious;

168 16° Febru. A. 1803.

dious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law; that if tire said Road were made Turnpike, and properly amended, widened, and improved, and the course thereof in some parts varied, it would be productive of considerable ' benefit and advantage to all Owners and Proprietors of j estates, and be of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for I amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair,

; 'the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, near

the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the Parish of t Harwell, in' the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road

i near the Village ot Streatley, in the said County: And that

• Mr. Charles Dundasand Mr. George do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

■1

Petition of A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ln‘natwich,tSOf ‘n t^e County of C/icJler, was presented to the House, and iag-ainst Beam read; setting forth, That there is a piece of Land, called Htath inclo- Beam Heath, lying in the Township of and

■; ' near the Town of IVichmalbank, now called , which

Ij land was, in the 14th year of the reign of King Edward

}; the Fii'll, 1285, given to the then Inhabitants, and their

|: heirs for ever, for free common of pallure for all and all

I manner of cattle, to be enjoyed by them and their heirs

k for ever; and that by virtue of the said deed, the Peti-

h tioners now are, and their ancestors have been, entitled to

!■ the free enjoyment of the said Common for more than 500

; years; and that some Individuals are applying to Parlia-

1; ' meat for an Act to indole the lame, and they pretend the

profits shall be applied in charitable purposes, and aid of ! the Poors Rates, which will deprive the Petitioners of their

! usual advantages and privileges: And therefore praying

},!> the House not to grant an Act for the inclosing of the

!jj fame, under any pretence whatever,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

‘it ' ’ .■

Petition of A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto Uftu°rer^ofU" subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in the ,1 :hefter, York, Counties of Chester, York, and Derby, was pre-

■ff6, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an

.j Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for settling disputes between Masters and ft Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England,

:ii a cheap and summary mode was meant to be established

for settling by arbitration all such disputes, but the beneficial intention of the said Act has been in a great measure '■ defeated: And therefore praying, That leave may be given

to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

*‘eife Mnrfh A Petition of James Afore Esquire, Lord of

' Pe" the Manors of Lofeley and Po/Jlead, in the County of Surrey,

1, ’ and of the several ot her Persons, whose names are thereunto

subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, having right ot Common on that part of a certain trad of Common or Waste Land, called The Pease Marsh, lying within the said several Manors, was presented to the House, t and read; setting forth. That the said tract of Common

t 'l or Waste Land contains about 350 acres, and is capable of

3 being greatly improved, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore playing. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

1 to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John

1 derick and Lord William RuJJ'ell do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

"'fureUpetin* Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-!>n?re * * unto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Com-c mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds

in the Parish of Spetisbury, in the County of Dor jet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, f it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John 10

Fane, Mr. Francis John Browne, and Mr. Morton Pitt, do

prepare, and bring in; the lame. '

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Ssndon Road unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts Peutlon* -herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That two Acts were passed, in the 2d and 23d years of the reign His present Majesty, for repair- . -

ing, widening, and altering, the Road from Sandon, in the -

County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone, to Draycott-in-the-Maors, and from IVetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of j i'

and that the Trustees have proceeded to put the fame in , -

execution, and have borrowed a considerable ium of money on the credit of the said Acts, which ftiil remains due, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Roads be effectually ft

amended, widened, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and the powers and:

provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given ,.

to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Granville Leve-* fun Goiver, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- CastleBytham .... unto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates in in Pe~

the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and it would be of great advantage to the persons interested, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and, together with the ancient inclosed Lands ._

in the said Parish, were discharged from Tythes: And ' '

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a;

Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin., do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Wliaplcde ft: unto subscribed. Proprietors of Estates in the several Pa- i"cioture,&c. :i rilhes of IVhaplode and Holbeach, in the County of Lincoln, Petition.’

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth; That, there are within the said Parishes certain Commons, called IVhaplode and Holbeach Commons, and other Commons,-Droves, and Waste Lands, and it would be of great advantage to the persons interested, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes; and for altering an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cozvbit and Peakin') Weston, Moulton, IVhaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Sutton Saint

Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln.-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear’

’ to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Mr: And

they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Petition ta, thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Estates in the several fn£cSpl Parishes of Spalding (including the I Tamlets of Cowbit and’Drainage AS-Peakill) Wedon, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney,

Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That ari Act was obtained in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty

Goc [e

*. io reoruaxu

Majesty, for draining, pre/emng, and improving, certain ,in the County of was presented to the

Lands lyingin the kid several Pantiles, and that the powers House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the contained in the said A tt are not sufficient to answer the kid Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common purposes intended thereby: And therefore praying, That Pastures, and Waffle Grounds, and, if the fame were divided leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to them: the said Act. And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi- in a Bill for those purposes. 75

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to to the prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr

and the Earl Temple do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Mr. Chaplin, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the

A Petition of Richard Cartwright, Esquire, and George txworth and;

• ..... j r., .. .1 t ...... t. Tluirltoa i

clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend Chinery Gentleman, Lords of the Manors of Ixworth and Inpj"j;'

Scion Lat-rKT Indo-Is Petition.

for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Samuel Barwick, Clerk, Bettor of the Rectory and Parish Church of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton, William Hanbury, Clerk, and the several other Proprietors of ancient Messuages and Cottages, and allb divers Farms, Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimcr, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be a manifest advantage to

Net her hall, in Thurson, in the County of , and of the Petition,

several other Persons whose names arc thereunto subscribed, being interested in certain Messuagesj Cottages,

Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, within the Parishes of lxworlhand Thur/ion, in the said County, was presented.. to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Parish of Ixworth, certain Lammas Meadows, anti also certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called by the name of The Cow Common and common, and also certain other small parcels of Waste Ground; and that there are within the said Parish of Thurston, certain'small parcels of Open Field Lands, and also certain Heaths, Greens, or Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain rights of Iheepwalk,

liL'tom

the persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave fhackage, and other commonable rights; and, if the said may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant divided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Ellison, the persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave Mr. Die kins, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

the fame. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition: And that Mr Sir

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, being Thomas Charles Banbury , and Lord Viscount Brorne, do

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names as there- AiMon and unto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the several Parishes of AJlaElon and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk, was Petition.:

Tf0 the pud Petition was brought up, and read; let- presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there

ting forth, That in the 2d year of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the sum allowed them for the establishment and support of the said Museum was reduced to a capital of £.30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost attention to the forming their establishment with frugality, greatly insufficient for that purpose; upon which representation they have at sundry times obtained from the House various sums to supply the deficiency of their income, which sums, together with the salary allotted to the King’s Librarian, yearly amounting to about £.250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the hands of the Trustees is not sufficient for the purposes of the Trust without the aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant them such farther support, towards enabling them to carry on the execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament for the general benefit of learning and useful knowledge, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Inclosure

Petition.

:*nt of b1 panted

'-'(in.

re.

■ *) on

■dre

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several sums which have been already granted for the service of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Four several Petitions of the thereunder-signed Brewers, °n behalf of themselves, and of others, exercising the Trade of Brewing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-unto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of Vol.58.

are within the said Parishes several Commons, Commonable Fens, Grounds, and Waste Lands, containing in the whole, by estimation, 320 acres or thereabouts, and, if the lame were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Annejley and Sir Robert John Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Methwold unto subscribed. Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Methwold, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Open Field Lands, Half-year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Warren, certain Commonable Brink Lands and Waste Grounds, containing together 4,600 acres or thereabouts, and it would be highly advantageous, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Salrree unto subscribed, being interested in the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Lands, Fen Grounds, e lon’ Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parishes of Sat tree All Saints and Sa/tree Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might be greatly improved:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring, in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of five said Petition: And that Mr.

X x.Lord

170

16° Febru

i. 1803.

tton, Scc.

:lolure

:ition.

VninHel

Hoads

’eiiuon.

Lord Viscount Hinching brook, and Lord Frederick Montagu, Mr. 'you, and Mr. Edward Foley, do prepare, and bring do prepare, and bring in, the fame. in, the tame.

klefham,

Inclosure

II,.

unit ted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Buckleffam and Foxhall, in the County of Suffolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annefey, Lord Viscount Brome, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Moll noble Charles Duke ot ’Norfolk, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Manor of Hutton Soil, otherwise Hutton John, in the Parish of in the County of

Cumberland, was prel'ented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Manor several Commons and Waste Grounds, containing 4,000 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would greatly tend to the advantage of the parties inter fled; and that within the said Parish there are also certain Open and - Common Fields, called Penruddock and Molherby Common Fields, which might be greatly improved if the fame were allotted to, and divided amongst, the Owners thereof, according to their respective

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Grindall unto subscribed, Owners of Estates within the Township or Hamlet of Grindall, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Hiding of the County of York, was prel'ented to the House, and read; lettng forth. That there are within the said Township or Hamlet several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, computed to contain, in the whole, upwards of 2,200 acres, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying,

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, Thar leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Wilier force, and Mr. Henry LaJ'celles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the - Leo-ninlUr minder Cana. N°vhration, was pre’ented to the House, and c«nl

* 1 L , , . , , Petition.

read; letting tort!). I hat an Act was passed in the 3 tit year of H is present M.ijctly, 1 >r making and maintaining a navigable Canal trom Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leomnjier, to join the River Severn, near Stour-

rights therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be port Bridge, in the county of ; and that an Act

given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. was passed in the 36th year of the reign ot His present

Ordered, That leave be given tu bring in a Bill, pursuant ’ ’ ' ' "

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard,

Sir Henry Fletcher, and Mr. John Lowther, do prepare, and

Majesty, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leo-minster Canal Navig tion to finish and complete the same; and that the said Company have, in pursuance of the said Acts, made and completed a considerable part of the said Canal, and erected Locks, aqueduct Bridges, and other works, authorized to be made by the said first-recited Act, and that the said Company were, by the said first-recited Act* empowered to raise the sum of 150,000, but have been

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Ruff by, Esquire, Mayor of Arundel, the Reverend William Groome, Vicar of Arundel, and others,

whose names are thereunto subscribed, residenf and Proprietors and Occupiers of Land within the several Parishes only able to raile 68,582, which sum has proved very undermentioned, was presented to the House, and read; inadequate, even to complete the works belonging to, or letting forth, That the several high Roads leading from connected with, that part of the said Canal hitherto made, Arundel, in the County of Sussex, through the several and the said Company hath thereby incurred a debt to the P..;uks of Arundel, Houghton, Bury, Coldwaltham, Hard- amount of £ 2^000; that a great part of the said Canal ham, and Ptdborough, to a certain Bridge called Pidboroughftjll remains untinished, and, in order to enable the said

Bridge, in the Pari lb of Pidborough, all in the said County Company to complete the lame, and the works connected of Sificx, are in many parts thereof very narrow, ruinous, therewith, or necessary to be made and done, from the in-and in bad repair, and necessary to be amended, widened, tended communication between Kington and the lliver Se-

vern aforesaid, and also to discharge the said debt of £.25,000, it is requisite that further and other powers thouid be granted; that the said Aifts have been found to

and kept in repair; and that the hill called Bury Hill, in

the Parish of Bury, in the said County, is very steep, and in several parts narrow, and not only very inconvenient but

dangerous to persons passing and re passing the said ho acts; he, in some respects, inlulEcient and defective, and it is and that the fame roads and hill cannot be sufficiently re- necessary that the powers and provisions thereof should be paired, and the alcent of Bury Hill made more commo* enlarged, altered, and amended: And therefore praying, dious, by the several Parishes, without the aid of Parlia- 'l'[iat leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes ment; and that it will be a great convenience to the Public aforesaid.

to make the road to join the Turnpike Hoad on Fittle-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

worth Common, leading to the Town of Pet-worth: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

fiderution of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bald-win, Mr. federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend them, to the House: for persons, papers, and records.

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, General Lennox, &c

Attic Com->erton, &c. n cl o fa re ^tition.

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed. Owners ol Estates in the Parish of Little Comberton, and in the Hamlet or Districft of in the

Parish of Saint Andrew Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish and Hamlet several Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by efttmation, 1,000 acres or thereabouts, and, if the lame were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy', and other Inha- Blackburn bitants, of the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that from time immemorial, previous to the 12th day of January'

1774,a Market was holden at Blackburn aforesaid on Monday in every week, but, by reason of several other markets being held in the neighbourhood on the fame day, it was found more convenient to persons retorting to the market at Blackburn to alter the market day from Monday to Wed-nelday, on which day the market has been since held; and that it would be a great advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and the neighbourhood, if proper rules and orders were established for the clue and effectual regulation of the said market; and that within the said Township, there is a certain parcel of Waste Ground, called ’The Town's Moor, containing ten customary acres or thereabouts, which, by a decree of the Chancellor and Council

of

• TV

XJLA<

10U lebruant.

171

of the Duchy Court of the said County Palatine, dated Mr. Robert Duridas p re fen ted to the House, according Edinburgh the 20th day of June 1618, was adjudged and decreed to to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the powers of, pre^med!1’ be employed and used for ever to and for the recreation of and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the 24th-and the people of the said Town, and other public purposes 28 th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th, 25 th, therein mentioned, and that the profits or pasture or herb- 29th, and 38th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for reage of the said land should from thenceforth for ever be re- pairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County ceived, used, taken, and enjoyed, for the good and profit of of Edinburgh: And the fame was received j and read the

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feednd time.

the said Town and of the Poor thereof; and that the said parcel of Waste Ground at present affords very little profit or advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but is capable of great improvement, and if the lame were divided,

iri-rk._i r 11 r

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Exeter and and fold in parcels, Yubjedt to the payment of annual chief unto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put into exe- ^addi-1 rents, and if the profits arising therefrom were applied for cution an Act, made in the aotli year of His present Ma- tional Peu- I the benefit of the said Town, and in aid of the Poors Rates jesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from tion* j thereof (which are now become very burthensome) it would the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide j

be of great advantage to all the Inhabitants, and of utility of Lord s Park Gate, to and also several

to the Public; and that the said Town of Blackburn is a Roads leading from in the county of,

populous and trading Town, and daily increasing, and it and for repealing two Acts of the 32d of his late Majesty, would be a great improvement, and tend to the safety and and the 2d of His present Majesty, made for repairing the convenience not only of the Inhabitants but to all persons laid Roads, was presented to the House, and read; letting resorting to or passing through the fame, if the streets, forth. That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of lanes, and passages, were cleanled, lighted, watched, and money on security of the Tolls thereby granted, which regulated, and kept free from nuisances, encroachments, ftdl remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said obllrudlions, and annoyances, and some of them widened Roads be kept in good repair, unless the said Act be cori-andimproved, and if l’utiicient engines and able men were tinued for a further term; and it is expedient that several kept and employed for extinguishing of fires which may of the Tolls, powers, and provisions, thereby granted, should happen within the said Town: And therefore praying. That be varied and enlarged; and that it would be convenient

to the Public, that the direction of certain parts of the said Road should be varied or altered, in order to avoid steep and inconvenient hills, and that, instead of the present termination of the said Road, at the end of the Exeter Turnpike, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, a new Road should be made from the bottom of Sandy Gate in the Parish of , to or near the Village of

leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blof Lancashire, Mr,

TfflWOTtli od Act by. dc-b-Zouch Rods

Stanley,&c.; And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, in the Parish of and from thence, through

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have the present Road or Highway at the back of Lord Clifford's Power to lend for persons, papers, and records. Park, to the Cross or Direction Poll at the bottom of

don the said Parish of Chudleigh, called Beggar's Bush,

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution and that the said Road should be extended and carried on two Acts, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, and from the bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, in the 21 ft year of His present Majesty, for amending, to a place called Lufcombe’s Cross, in the Parish of Harbertonc widening, and keeping in repair, the high Roads from the And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in Borough of Tamworth to Aflbx-de-la-Zouch, in the County a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, in the said County, to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of Szvar cliff Lane, lead- federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put into execution an Act, made in the 20th year of His present Majesty’s reign, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading

r 7 * n . rr\ 1 r 1

ing to ‘Ashby-de-la Zouch aforesaid, rind also of the several

Creditors of the Roads, whose names are thereunto l'ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Trustees have made great progrds in 1

ie

execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money, which remain unpaid; arc! that the said

two Acts, of the 3 2d of his late Majesty, and the 2d of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

11 j* 1 1 1 r j * i) l ,. 11) 11 u from Bin the County of and for repealing

debt cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually vr,:.o... --ao----- -rm-

amended, and kept in repair, unless the term and powers or the said Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the contention of a Committee: And that they do examine the p of several Persons, whose names are thereunto Carmarthen I

matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to bdng Trustees for executing the several Acts a^rabroke.

tiem to the House: / ancafhireSir herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne oi Lancaj/nte, v forth That an Act was passed in the 3d year

Men Peele, Sec.: And they are to meeter’s Chamber and of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keep- ,

ITfcl'nd record, ’ ing in repair, «* high pleading iron, he iourreen,

•»ict

ram.

ing in repair, the high Road leading from the fourteen mile-stone, in the Parish of in the County of

Carmarthen, through several places therein mentioned, to Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the County of j and that an Act was passed in the

24th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the said recited Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping, jn repair, several other Roads; and that the Trustees have made great progress in repairing and improving such Roads, and have, for that purpose borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of hmc divided°and inclosed: And therefore praying, That the Tolls thereby granted, winch cannot be repaid, nor the fare may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. said Roads be properly repaired and amended, unless the Ordered, That leave be gtven to bring in a Bill, pursuant term of the said Acts ,s continued, and fame of the powers 10 the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Black- and provisions peered and enlarged and some further Tolls fe-rof LemaMre, Sir Edmund Craiock Harlepp, and Mr. granted; and that certain parts of the said Roads are now V Keek, do prepare, and bring in, the tore. become o. little or no publ.c uulrty, and .. is expedient

V QL.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land, and jught of Common, within the Manor of Whitwick and 1 own ship of Tkriugstone, in the Parish of kVhitwick, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read: jetting forth, That there are within the said Manor and 1 ownship several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, "allures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and it would be very advantageous to the persons interested to have the

n *’ — 1*i. ..... - f * r rl 1

m

16° Febru

.A. 1803.

and rendered commodious for Travellers and carriages: And therefore praying,' That leave may be g:ven to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid..

that the Trustees for executing the said Acts should be widened, diverted, discharged from the care and management thereof; and that the Road leading from or near Griffith Parry's House, at Nantcoch Brook, and near the said place on the said road leading from Llandilo to Llandovery aforesaid, called Cled-fulch, through the vale of Towy, to join the said Turnpike Road leading from Llandilo to Llandovery aforesaid, at or

near Maefgooding, in the Parish of Llanfadurn, in the said

County, also the Road leading from the North end of Llangadock Bridge to join the last mentioned Road, through the Parishes of Llandilo/awr and Llanfadurn, and also the to fend for persons, papers, and records. Road leading from Llangadock Bridge to Rhydycyr Bridge, near the Town of Llandovery aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Llandilo/awr, Llanfadurn, Llangadock, Mothvey, and Llandingat, and also a certain other Road leading from the South fide of a certain Turnpike Gate on the said high Road leading from the County of the Borough of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cort-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ha Williams, Mr. Philipps, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

A Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of Bill to amend the Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of money uonCaLaT* to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be Acts, executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the coainutte<1* 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41 ft years of the reign

Carmarthen to Tavernfpiteaforesaid, called The Royal Oak of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and

Turnpike Gate, to the Village of Llanjlephan, through the several Parishes of Saint Peter, , Llangunnock, and

Llanjlephan, in the said County, beginning at the South fide of such Turnpike Gate, and in, by, and through an old Road leading to certain Farms called Rhydy, Gorse, Yflrad, Havodwen, and Green situate in the several Parishes of Saint Peter and Llangain aforesaid, and across an old Road leading from Carmarthen aforesaid to Llanjlephan aforesaid, near a certain Common Pound belonging to, and situate in the Parish of Llangain, and through or neai o certain Farms called Shopnewidd, Wainfort, Pen-traetkro , PUglafe, Cwmclyd, and Ferry Farm, in the Parishes

enlarging the powers and provisions of the said Acts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrate and principal Inhabitants Alloa of the Town of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, was paV?n°^&c?' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Petition. * -Act was made in the 26th year of His present Majesty, to continue, and render more effectual, lo much of an Act passed in the 27th year of his late Majesty, as imposes

of Llangain and Llanjlephan to the said Village of Llan- Duty on ships and vessels anchoring in the said Harbour of fiephan, and from thence to a certain Ford in the said Alloa, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour-, and that Parish of Llanjlephan, called Laugharne Ford, are very the Trustees have greatly improved the said Harbour, but ruinous, and, in some places, too narrow and incommo- find that the Duties are inadequate for keeping the said dious, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Harbour in repair, and discharging the money borrowed, course of Law; and that it would be a great convenience and that the said Act requires to be altered and amended to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if powers and that the only acceis to and from the said Harbour is were given for making, amending, widening, diverting, through the Town of Alloa, the streets, lanes, and other and keeping in repair, the said several Roads: And there- public passages whereof are very badly paved, incommo-fore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill dious, and uni'afe for Passengers, and subject to various for the purposes aforesaid. nuisanccs and annoyances; and it would be a great con-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the persons resorting thereto, if the said streets, lanes, and matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to passages were properly paved, cleanied, and lighted, and them, to the House: all nuisances and annoyances removed and prevented, and

And it is referred to Mr. Hamlyn Williams, Sir Watkin a Market established in the said Town; and that the said

Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

•‘Carmarthen ■I1 new Roads < Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Carmarthen, was presented to

Town is very badly supplied with water, and it would tend to the iafety, health, and comfort of the Inhabitants if a proper supply of water was procured for their use: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the from the North end of Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwi/l E/vet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of

Velindre Shinkin, in the Parish of Pemboir, to the Town of

Newcastle- Emlyn, in the Parish of Cenartit, and also the

Road leading from the said Village of Conwill Elvet to have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records. Twelly Bridge, in the Parish of L/angel/er, and also the Road leading from the said Village of Velindre Shinkin, by

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Clephane, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners pe't1"0f‘R<B. of Land in the County of Kinross, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Laws now lub-sifting for making of Roads, and building and repairing

Henllan Bridge, to the said Town of Newcastle, and also the Road leading from Henllan Bridge aforesaid to Twelly Bridge aforesaid, and also the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle to Cenarth Bridge aforesaid, and also Bridges, have been found ineffectual in the said County, the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle to and other and further powers are necessary in order to Pontarfelly Bridge, in the said Parish of Cenarth, and also carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution, and it the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle to C)ch would be for the advantage of the said County to convert Bridge, in the said Parish of Cenarth, through the Parish the statute services into money, and to ascertain the rates of Saint Peter, and the several Parishes of New Church, Con- thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and also to autho-will Elvet, Abernant, Cilrhedin, Cenarth, Llangeller, Pemboir, rize an additional assessment on the Heritors and other and Merthyr, in the said County of Carmarthen, are much persons in the said County, for the making Highways and out of repair, and extremely inconvenient, narrow, and Bridges through the fame; and that an Act was passed in founderous, so that Travellers and carriages are often im- the 36th of His present Majesty, by which power was peded, and cannot conveniently pass or travel along such given to levy Tolls for improving the landing places on Roads with safety, and the said Roads cannot beeffectually both (ides of the water at but the fame has

formed, amended, widened, diverted, and kept in repair been found ineffectual, and it has become expedient that by the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be of other Tolls should be granted for that purpose:'And there-great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public fore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill utility, if the fame were properly formed, amended, for the purposes aforesaid,

2 Ordered,

‘o suesd June* Ual

ts

r.u:dL

ig) nxev. 111.

16° Februa

173

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- which were deemed, by the wisdom of Parliament, to be sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the necessary for the discharge of the Incumbrances of the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Prince of and having adverted to the progress which

oHug Roads

iilM.

has been made in carrying them into effect, recommends the present situation of the Prince to the attention of this House.

Notwithstanding the reluctance and regret which His Majesty must feel in suggesting any addition to the burthens of His People, He is induced to resort, in this in-stance, to the experienced liberality and attachment of subscribed, Owners of Land in the County of Stirling, His faithful Commons, in the persuasion that they will be and Trustees under an Act, passed in the 18th year of His disposed to take such measures as may be calculated to present Majesty, for repairing the Highways and Bridges promote the comfort, and support the dignity of so distin-

■ i r j ____* ...... LT________I -—,4. :n__i i__i_ _c ri:- l) l X? :i.. g

them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Mr. James

Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto

in

in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That it would be of great public utility if the said Act was repealed, and an Act passed, granting other and further powers, in order more effectually to make, amend, and keep in repair, the Roads and Bridges within the said County: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

guished a branch of His Royal Family.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this day seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s consideration.

said Most gracious Message into

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Militiatralq. refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon d"?err*<i.

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia

liaraand

itiull

of Great Britain, for twenty-eight days, be now read.

And the said Order being accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board get‘ of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House; ^riculturv, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. ElphinjloneFlaming, General Clephane, Sic.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Townships Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, hav-of Dunham and Ragna/l, and within the Parish, Manor, ing been informed of the contents of the said Petition, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham, was recommends it to the consideration of the House. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; let-are in the said several Townships, Parish, Manor, and Soke, ting forth, That His Majesty having been graciouflyplealed, divers Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Marshes, in consequence of an Addressfrom the House, toconstitute, Common Pallures, Moors, Common Grounds, and Waste by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal, a Board of Agri-Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, 1,500 culture, for promoting the internal improvement of the acres or thereabouts; and it would be of great advantage Country, the Petitioners have the satisfaction to acquaint to the persons interested if the lame were divided and in- the House, that the important purposes intended by that closed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given Institution are carrying on, and are likely to be attended to bring in a Bill for those purposes. with beneficial effects to the Public: And therefore pray-

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant ing, That they may be supported by a Grant for the present to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierre- year, to such an amount as to the House shall m meet.

" J 1 I

‘v-iikd.

font and Lord William CavendijhBent inch do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

The Petitioner,'and the counsel and agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being con- nufaci«rerfo» cerned in the Woollen Trade and Manufactories, within Somerset, the Counties of Somerset, Wills, and which was f^red’toa

bei,g added> 5 ssk.

John Atkins, Esquire, Sir Martin Browne Baronet,

John Whitmore, Esquire, Lord Viscount Sir

George Douglas, Baronet, William Douglas McLean Clephane, Esquire, George Garland, Esquire, William Manning, Esquire, William Baldwin, Esquire, Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, Alexander Mackenzie, Esquire, William Stephen Pomtz, Esquire, Edward Berkeley Esquire, Henry

Alexander, Esquire, the Right honourable John Steivart.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of hple, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the Petitioner, and the counsel and agents, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith >n one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, %ned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members 0 the House being uncovered); and is as followeth;

might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, junior, Mr. Gore

Langton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.'

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to Revenue order, a Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections prefaced'1*’ of Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such Elections: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

I 1 11

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of Petition to GEORGE R. the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Croydon,

His Majesty having taken into confidetation the period in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and Act. ° Hr* which has elapsed since the adoption of those arrangements read; setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 37th Voi. 58. Yy year

' 174

16°—17°

A. 1803.

fit

year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and repairing, the public Roads in the said County, and and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common for repealing parts of several Acts formerly made for that Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and purpose: And therefore praying. That leave may be given. Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the said to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Parish, certain perl'ons were appointed Commissioners for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-carrying the several purposes of the said Act into execu- ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the tion 5 and that the said Commissioners were by the said matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Act, amongst other things, directed to set out and allot them, to the House:

215 acres out of such Lands and Grounds, to be and re- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Alexander,

main Common for the use of the Inhabitants of Croydon &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine for the time being; and such 215 acres, when so set out of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power and allotted, were vested in the Vicar, Churchwardens, to fend for persons, papers, and records.

and Overseers of the Poor, and their successors, and fix of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; but, inllead of the said 215 acres, the Commissioners have let out and allotted, for the-use of the said Inhabitants, 237 acres and 2 roods

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ref, That this House will, upon Friday next, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, (or thereabouts); and that doubts have arisen whether consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. the same are vested in the said Vicar, Churchwardens, Resolved, Tha.t this House will, upon Friday next, resolve Ways and Overseers of the Poor, and their successors, and such fix itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means,^ Inhabitants; and that it would be greatly for the benefit further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted deerre * of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if such Lands and to His Majesty.

Ickleton Inclosure Petition.

Grounds were so veiled, to be and remain Common, for the use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, but such purpose cannot be effected except the powers of the said Act are altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Serjeant Bejl, Lord William Rujjell, and Sir John Frederick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Com-

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, \T-die Februarii;

Anno 43# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Consideratio Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and mon Fields within the Parish of Ickleton, in the County Peter Moore, Esquire; and also the Petition of Thomas Mills, tions!act of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James Hoggins, on behalf joutaed. forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the of themselves and other the Freemen of the City of Co-several Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields ventry, entitled to vote in the election of Representatives in were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue '

leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. election and return for the said City, being come;:

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the;

to the prayer of the said Petition*. And that General places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members

Manners, Lord Charles Somerset Manners, and Mr. Secretary on the business of the House.

And being returned;

A Member was sworn.

at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fen Ditton

Inclosure

Petition.

Dublin%RoRds

Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the Lands and Grounds Mr. John Fane, from the Select Committee appointed to Report fro herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and try and determine the merits of the Petition of William ®ur^t'yn^ read; letting forth. That there are within the Parish of Conyngham Plunket, Esquire, LL. D. complaining of an tionCom-Fen Ditton, in the County of Cambridge, certain old Inclo- undue election and return for the College and University "ut15.e’ sures, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and of the Holy and Undivided "trinity, near Dublin, informed iuVrsoL other Commonable Lands and Watle Grounds; and it the House, that the said Committee met this Day, pur- Harvey,

would be of great advantage to the persons interested, if luant to their adjournment of Yesterday, and Eliah Harvey,

the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and exone- Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) not

rated from the payment of Tythes: And therefore praying, attending, the Committee continued to fit for one hour, 1

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those pur- and then adjourned till Tommorrow, Two of the clock.

Mr. John Fane also acquainted the House, That Dr.

Blayne (a Physician) had informed the Committee, that Mr. Harvey was ill;

And the House being informed that the said Dr. Blayne '

attended at the door, to give the House an account of the Hate of Mr. Harvey's health, he was called in; and, at the bar, examined upon oath, in relation thereto. "

And then he was directed to withdraw.:

Ordered, That the said Eliah Harvey, Esquire, be excused from the insolvency of several Collectors of the public for his not attending on the said Select Committee this '* money presented at sundry terms by Grand Juries of the day; and have leave to absent himself from any further County of Dublin, to be levied on the said County, and of attendance on the said Committee.

the sureties of the said collectors, and other causes, very

considerable arrears have accrued, for payment of which Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and ninety-arrears the Grand Jury for the said County have not power one Members only being present;

by any Law now in force to provide; and the Petitioners Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of therefore conceive, for the purpose of empowering and the day, for taking the said Petitions into consideration; enabling the Grand Juries of the fitid County to discharge and immediately adjourned the fame till Tommorrow, at said arrears, and for the better keeping in proper repair the half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon, public Roads in the said County, and for the better regu- 1

lation of the officers acting under the Grand Juries of the The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Confi4-.; said County, it is necessary that a Bill should be introduced sideration the Petition of John Agnew, Esquire; and also, °ater 1 into Parliament to amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and James Mills, t>°.n p< the reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of , a^our

■I . -

poses.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that General Manners, Lord Charles 'Somerset Manners, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto fublcnbed, being Freeholders of the County of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That,

m

to vjj&.W. a ax. —i8u—iy°

175

ttply,

;<rec.

'syiaJ

eins,

urrei

'.r.Cto

t LOWS* itctios Pc* oas, si-itnci

Du^r>

rtV*

pjrtt*-

w

in the County of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 18°

Anno 43* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

CmHaation f I ^HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the JL Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and Mum, Peter Moore, Esquire; and also the Petition of ‘Thomas Mills, Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James Hoggins, on behalf of themselves, and other the Fieemen of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the election of Representatives in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Several Members were sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and twenty-five Members being present;

And the Petition of John Agnew, Esquire; and also the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and James Mills, Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the da j, for taking the Petitions, complaining of the election (or Coventry, into consideration, was read.

he was nominated to serve on the Coventry Committee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the names of thirty-eight Members were drawn, ' who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn, and he, being again sworn in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 1 ith day of this infiant February, was excused: And the name of Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, was drawn, who Rated, that he conceived it would be attended with material inconvenience to public business, if he was to serve on the said Committee; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused: And the name of the Right honourable Charles Yorke, Secretary at War, was drawn, and he, being again sworn in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 15th day of this instant February, was excused:

And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned againR.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn, and it appearing that there wanted eleven names to complete the LiR of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petitions into consideration till Tommorrow, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- ConWeratio. sideration the Petition of John Agnew, Esquire; and also, water Efe!"tio the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and James Mills, Petition*, ( Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of , a4i°urned’

in the County of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tommorrow, at Three of the clock in the [

Afternoon.

And the counsel for Mr. Jefferys, one of the fitting Members, having Rated to the House, that there being two Petitions, one of them from Mefiieurs Bird and Moore, the two other Candidates, complaining of the election of the fitting Members; and the other From the Eledors, which also complained of the election of the fitting Members, but in one respect related only to Mr. Jefferys, who was thereby charged with not having a sufficient qualification to fit in Parliament; and that therefore, in that respect, the case of Mr. Jefferys was diRind from the case of Mr. Barlow, the other fitting Member; and that upon that ground, the fitting Members ought t£> be permitted to appear as separate parties on the appointment of the said Committee;

And the other parties having beeh heard by their coun-fd, in relation thereto;

The counsel and agents withdrew some way from the Bar. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Francis William Barlow, Esquire, and Nathaniel Jffry5, Esquire, be at liberty to appear as separate parties on the appointment of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the counsel and agents being again called to the Bar; Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, w the usual manner.

And the name of Robert Adair, Esquire, being drawn; be was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying the Bridgewater election, by the counsel for the Petitioners in that case.

And the name of Francis Gregor, Esquire, being drawn, he was also nominated to serve on the Bridgewater Committee by the counsel for the fitting Members in that case.

And the name of Edward Lee, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Coventry election by the counsel for the fitting Members. And the name of George Tierney, Esquire, being drawn,

V01. 58.

And then the House was adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock,

Sabbati, 19° die Fe

Anno 43* Georgii III. H Regis, 1803. 1

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Consideratk 1 J Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and of Coventry Peter Moore, Esquire; and also the Petition of Thomas potions.

Mills, Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James Hoggins, adjourned. , . on behalf of themselves, and other the Freemen of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the election of Representatives in Parliament for the said City, complaining of 1

an undue election and return for the said City, being

come; ,

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members,

on the business of the House. }

And being returned;

1

Mr. John Fane, from the Select Committee, appointed. Report from to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Conyngham Plunket, Esquire, LL. D. complaining of an Election 1# ' undue election and return for the College and University Committee, of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, near Dublin, reported jpp^tnwn to the House, That the Committee had made some pro- ofa Commi , gress in trying the merits of the said Petition, but the Etidencek Parties before the Committee having applied for a Com- Ireland, million under the provisions of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the trial of controverted Elections or " returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " for Ireland," and it having appeared to the Committee, from the nature of the case, and the number of witnesses

176

19° Fcbni

A. 1803.

to be examined relative to the Allegations in the said Petition, that the lame cannot be efk'Ctually enquired into before the Committee, without great expence and inconvenience to the Parties, the Committee have thought it necessary to order, and they have accordingly made an Order, for the nomination and appointment of Commissioners to examine evidence in Ireland respecting certain facts, allegations, matters, and things, referred to the said Commissioners, and specially assigned and limited in and by the said Order: That all the Parties interested in the said Petition have agreed in nominating three Banifters, qualified according to the provisions of the said Act, and have signed, and delivered to the Chairman of the Committee, a List of the three Ban ifters id agreed upon, and contenting to act, who thereby, and by virtue of the said Act, became and are the Commissioners for the execution of the said Order: That the Chairman of the Committee has issued a warrant, under his hand and seal, directed to each of the Commissioners, so appointed as aforesaid, commandirtg them, and each of them, under the penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to repair to the University of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, near on Monday the

seventh day of March next, and has addressed to the Chairman of the said Commission a true copy of the Petition referred to the Committee, and of the statements of the Parties delivered to the Committee, together with a true copy of the Order made by the Committee, as aforesaid: That the Committee have gone through all the other parts of the said Petition (except what have been especially referred to the said Commission): And the Committee humbly alk permission of the House to adjourn, until such time as Mr. Speaker ilia.ll, by his warrant, in manner directed by the said Act, direct. the Committee to re-assemble.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have leave to adjourn, until such time as Mr. Speaker shall, by his warrant, direct the said Committee to re-atiemble.

And a Member being sworn;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and one hundred and six Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petitions into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Edward Lee, Esquire, being drawn; he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Members.

And the name ot George Tierney, Esquire, being drawn; he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the names of forty-one Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Lord Viscount President of

the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Hated in the proceedings of yesterday, was ex-culed: And the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the nth day of this instant February, was excused: And the name of the Lord Hawkejlury, one of H is Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the ioth day of this instant February, was exculed: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn j and it appearing that there wanted eight names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petitions into consideration till Monday next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Consideration sideration the Petition of John Agnezv, Esquire; and allb, ^®rEfeaion the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and James petitions.

Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Bridgezvater, adjourned, in the County of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough;

Ordered, TTiat the consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned till Monday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 36th House to be year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An e over‘

" Act for the more effectual execution of several Acts of " Parliament, made for the trials of controverted Elec-" tions or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 28th day of April 1797, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into consideration the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Kent, complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That this House be called over upon Monday next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend. Names of ab-

be lent for in custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending lo'bere^iteZ this House. ^erepo

Refolded, That when the Floufe shall have proceeded upon Monday next to the appointment of a Select Committee for the trial of the Petition of Wilberforce

Bird, Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Thomas Mills, Thomas George Griffin,

and James Hoggins, on behalf of themselves and other the Freemen of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the election of Representatives in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, to be set aside; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr.

Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Refo/ved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance, on the appointment of the said Select Committee, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody, without the special Order of the House.

ReJ'o/ved, That, when the House shall have proceeded, upon Monday next, to the appointment of a Select Committee for the trial of the Petition of John Esquire;

and also, the Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and James Alills, Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Bridgezvater, in the County of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, to be let aside; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members for whose non-attendance, on the appointment of the said Select Committee, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order of this House.

And then the House was adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

fxJ \J MUVJ* AAA*

Vl° Februarii.

177

Cofcntry

Jle&on

Petition

DfllhlcJfd*

Lunce, 21° <//<?

Anno 43° Georgii III. U Regis, 1803. Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Thomas Mills, Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James Hoggins, on behalf of themftdves, and other the Freemen of the City of Coventry, entitled to vote in the election of Represen-tatives in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, being come;

The Serjeant at Anns was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Report from

nutter, relucting the Absence of Mr. Falkiner.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Robert Adair, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying the Bridgewater election, by the counsel for the Petitioners in that case.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete;

George Tierney, Esquire, was nominated by the eounfel for the Petitioners; and Edward Lee, Esquire, by the counsel for the fitting Members, to serve on th.e Committee for trying the Coventry election.

Note. That in the course of "drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against. 1 - '

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the

X

i>t... Sir Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Committee

CmKJrirafoy appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition counsel on the Coventry election; the door was opened; Election tom- wnnam Mel/ifh, Esquire; and also, the Petition of and the Parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

Robert Sewell, Esquire, fevtrally complaining of an undue

election and return for the Borough ot Great Grmjby, in And the door being again locked;

the County of Lincoln, informed the House, That the said The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the

Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the clock, pur- Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return suant to their adjournment of Saturday last, when the for Bridgewater, was read.

Chairman informed the Committee, that he had received a letter from Frederick John Falkiner, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) dating, that the death of a very near Relation had made it impossible for him to attend the said Committee this Morning; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed, That Mr. Falkiner wou'd be able to attend the said Committee on Wednesday next;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Falkiner be excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee this Morning; and have leave toabfent himself from the said Committee till Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to adjourn from Tommorrow till YYednefdav next.

Lore given the Un»-ffiicttto ad» jm

Rtpurt from The Earl of Eujion, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition Watt, of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, of the Jgye Koval Navy; and also, the Petition ot Sir John Henderson, Hr.Cony. Baronet, kverally complaining of an undue election and double return for the Clals or District of Boroughs, con-lifting of Dunfermline, Stirling, Culrofs, and

Queensferry, in Scotland, informed the House, That the said Committee having met this Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last, and the Right honourable Isaac Corry (one of tire Members of the said Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for one hour, and then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Corry Was ill, and that Mr. Buckland (an Apothecary) attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the Hate of Mr. Cony's health, he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath, in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Right honourable Corry be oxcufed for his not attending on the said Seleo: Committee this Morning.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and three hundred and sixty-two Members being present;

And the Petition of John Agr.ew, Esquire; and also,

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to fi rm a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

_ And the name of Francis Gregor, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve 0:1 the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Charles Se-

cretary at War, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 13th day of this instant February, was exculed; and the names of several Members were drawn,

who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being Cal1 deferred read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Friday I

next.

Ordered, That the names of the Members Who did not Defaulter* appear this day, on the appointment of the Select Com- BaHots to be mittees, for trial of the several Petitions complaining of reported, undue elections and returns for the City of Coventry, and 1

for the Borough of Bridgewater (which names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, upon Monday next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Consideratioi T* 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, ^Euaion’ * Tommorrow, the Petition of General Sir Hedior Mumro, of Petition, , Novar, Knight of the most honourable Order of the bath-, def*rred-complaining of an undue election and return for the Clals or District of Boroughs consisting of Inverness,

.1 VvTT^YV Nairn, and Forres, in that part of the United Kingdom

Ik* Petition of John Chtwb, William Ford, and James Mills, caUed might be read.

Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Bridgewater, And fhp fair1 hp, ner r,

In the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other Parties in both the Eid caies, their couniel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petitions respect-tng the election for Coventry into consideration, was read,

VOL. jg.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into considera*

t ion upon Friday next, at half an hour after Two of the

clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum ■:

Nptices were again lent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Z z The

178

21° Februa

A. 1803..

nsideration Liikeiird ;6ti on tition, t'erred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upoti the read; setting forth That the said Lands and Grounds con-13th day of December last, for taking into confederation, tain, by estimation, about joo acres; and, if the fame were upon Thursday next, the Petition of Thomas Sheridan, and divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the William Ogilvie, Esquires; and also, the Petition of Samuel Persons interested: And therefore praying. That leave may Mitchell, Josiah Abraham, and the several other Persons, be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. whose names are thereunto subscribed, severally complain- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant ing of an undue election and return for the Borough of to the prayer of the said Petition And that Mr. George ‘ nr ‘ ’ Vansittart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

tr-

Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- qiiarney unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates, pncl(!sure Lands, and Grounds, in the Township or Hamlet of Char- etltwn* ney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks, was

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders patented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there

f* | V * a U % M X L. a J /« a 1 La a a I I a -—— I a A. — A- _ _ _ V

for their attendance accordingly.

ih

’onsideration f Waterford deition 'etition, eferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

are within the said Township or Hamlet certain Open, and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing by estimation, 980 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, great advantage would be derived therefrom; and that the notices required by the Standing Order of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds until the time for giving such notices was elapsed; and that it will be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if leave be not Bill for making such division, allot-

Barnes of Members ab-ent at Ballots

given to bring in a

Notices were again sent to the parties, with Orders and inclosure, in this present Session: And therefor their attendance accordingly. fore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

those purposes, and that the Petitioners may have leave to

Resolved, That when the House shall have proceeded, Sive fuc!l notices in the present month of February, and in

he,

upon Friday next, to the appointment of Select Commit-:obe"reported* tees for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member to called, who shall be absent from the House, to be set aside: And that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members for whose non-attendance, on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order of this House.

Time for re-, cciving Peti«

• lions, further 1 en larged.

1 Claugh ton 1 Inclosure Petition-

Ordered, That the time for receiving Petitions for private Bills, be further enlarged until Wednesday next.

the month of March next, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. George Vanjittart, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Coventry elec- Coventry tion, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to ®,eaio.n attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a appoimot1 reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

William Adams, Esquire, the Honourable John Simpson,

Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, Matthew Esquire,

Robert Sharpe Ainjlie, Esquire, John William Egerton,

Esquire, Francis Dickins, Esquire, William Ord, Esquire, the Honourable Horatio Walpole, Esquire,

John Osborn, Esquire, the Honourable Richard Ryder,

Thomas Jervis, Esquire, George Tierney, Esquire, Edward Lee, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Con* mittee for trying the merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue flection and return for Coventry, were sworn

A Petition of Thomas Fenwick, Esquire,. Lord of the Manor of Claughtonin Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, and the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of divers

ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, £ '7he"clerkr»t the Table" in the usual manner’ within the said Manor, and entitled to certain Common- And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

able and other Rights in and upon the Moor, Common, - — -

and Waste Grounds, parcel thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is within and parcel of the said Manor a certain Tract of Moor, Common or Waste Ground, ufuahy called Claughton Moor, con

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

Waltham St. I/iwrence Inclosure Petition.

_____ A Petition of the Mod noble John Duke of Atholl was DunkelJ

taining, by estimation, 850 acres or thereabouts, and, if the presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the p®'-'^ fame was divided and inclosed, great advantage would ac- Petitioner is foie Proprietor of two Ferries on the River crue to the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Tay, near to the Town of in the County of leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. called The Ferry of Invar, and The Lower or East Ferry, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant together with the Lands on both Tides of the River at each to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne of these Ferries; and that, for want of a Bridge over the said River, the communication is at all times liable to unavoidable interruptions, sometimes attended with considerable danger, and travelling from the northern to the south-ern parts of the kingdom rendered lets commodious even when it is not greatly protracted; and that, with a view to

of Lancashire and the fame.

Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in,

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrooke, Lord of the Manor of Waltham

Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks, and the humble obviate these dangers and inconveniencies, the Petitioner Petition of the several other Persons, Owners and Proprie- is induced to undertake the building of a Bridge over the tors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, said River Tay, at or near to the said Town of;

and Pastures, within the said Manor, whose names are and, upon the completion thereof, and being authorized, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and to levy and collect a Toll or Pontage towards defraying a 5 'part

at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records*

•get v/J/U« Xl.Lt 21 i 179

part of the expence, to suppress the aforesaid Ferries: And twelve yeans only, with two younger children of the said therefore praying. That leave may he given to bring in a Du Bois, and their mother Jane Du on ac-

Bill to build a Bridge over the River Toy, at or near the said countof the known loyalty and attachment of their family Town of Dunkeld, and for making Roads of communication to the British Government, banished from Wilmington, the thereunto through the Parishes of Capuih, Little Dunkeld, place of their residence, into the interior, and obliged to Dunkeld, and Dowaliy, all in the said County, and for levy- leave a real and personal property of very great value (the ing a certain Pontage on the said Bridge when so built. mostconsiderable partof which was held by the said Jane Du Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- , in trustfor the Petitioner) wholly at the mercy of their sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the enemies; and that the Petitioner and his family were not matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to permitted to return to Wilmington till the year 1779, when *y I them, to the House: they found, that the greatest part of Their property had

,jr* I And it is referred to Mr. ‘Thomas Graham, Sir William been destroyed, or made away with, by the Republican

Pulleney, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morningj Army, which had occupied their houses as barracks, and

~ ~ appropriated their personal property to the use of the lol-

diers; and that the Petitioner did loon after though of the age of 16 only) take a very zealous part in the support of MiGjo!, A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble the British Government, and was for some time engaged tc. Petition. Petition of the several Freeholders, and other Land Owners, in much active and useful service, under the fanft ion and in the County of Perth, whose names are thereunto sub- authority of His Majesty's General Officers, some of whom leribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting are now ready to testify the lame to the House; and that forth, That the Town of Perth is one of the Assize Towns the Petitioner never received any pay or remuneration for in Scotland, where the Lords of Justiciary attend twice in such services, but, on the contrary, was at much expence, every year on their circuits for the trial of criminals, and as well as in great personal rilk and danger in the execution the determination of other matters cognizable by them; thereof; and that, in consequence of such his zeal and ex-and that the gaol or prison in the said Town is in a ruinous ertions in the cause of Great Britain, the remainder of his Date, and not of sufficient strength to coniine wirh ftcurity valuable inheritance was confileated and loid, and the the felons and other persons committed to the fame, and monies arising from the sale thereof applied to the use of is too small and incommodious to accommodate them, and the Rate; and that in 1784 the Petitioner came to England, to supply them with good and wholesome air, and it is ne- . for the purpose of preferring his claims for compensation. celLry to take down and rebuild the lame; and that there before the Commissioners appointed by Parliament, to en-is not, in the said Town of Perth, any proper Court Room quire into the Losses and services of all such Loyalists as had orjustice Hall for the Judges cn their circuit, and other lulfered during the unhappy dissentions in America, but, on necessary accommodations for the trials of criminals and application to the said Commissioners, it appearing to them others at such Circuit Courts, nor any Court Room for the that the Petitioner being under age when his property was Sheriff Depute in managing and transaefting the ordinary destroyed and confiscated,. they were induced to believe and necessary builnefsof the said populous and widely ex- that the right of minors was preserved, and that the Peti-tended County; nor any proper and sufficient Town Hall, tioner was thereby entitled to claim some redress for his with other necelfiry accommodations, for the Magistrates wrongs from the state of North Carolina, and therefore they and Council of the said Town, nor any safe or proper place did not think themselves warranted to class his Jolies as

~ ~ within the meaning of the Act then lately passed for the

relief of the Loyalists, and recommended to the Petitionee to return back to North Carolina, in order to seek redress from that state; and that in the year 1785, the Petitioner of Correction, were built adjoining or near to the above- accordingly returned to North Carolina with that view, but, mentioned Gaol or Prison, and established and maintained such was the.inveteracy of his Countrymen against him for under proper rules and regulations, for the employment, his atftive condutft during the war, that immediately on his correction, and punishment, of thieves, vagrants, and other arrival he was arrested, and after ten months confinement disorder’y ]>erlbns; and if power were given to bring a fuf- banished, and has ever since continued an exile from his ftcient supply of good and wholesome water into and native country, for his loyalty, attachment, and services, to through the said Town of Perth, for the use and accommo- His Majesty and the British Government; and that, wholly daiion of the aforesaid Prison and Bridewell, from such deprived of all his property, and destitute of relburce, he

had not the means or power of coming again to England till 1790, when he arrived, accompanied by his mother, then advanced in years, and all the documents that could be collected from the wreck of their papers, to prove their extensive Losses, but, to his great mortification, he found the office and power of the said Commissioners extinct; and that the Petitioner, confident of the justice of his claims, has never abandoned the hope of obtaining redress from that generous disposition, uniformly manifested by the British Government towards all those who have been sufferers in its cause; and that he continued, from time to &c*: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine time, to apply to His Majesty’s Ministers for relief, and in of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to the month of December i8oj he was directed to submit fend for persons, papers, and records. a memorial to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Treasury, in order that it might undergo a regular investi-A Petition of Isaac Du Bois, Esquire, late a Captain in gation; and he understands that a special Report was afrer-His Majesty’s reduced Regiment of Northumberland Fen- wards made, on his cale, to that Right honourable Board by i!)for able Men, being offered to be presented to the House; one of the surviving Commissioners of American claims,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s nevertheless the Petitioner yet remains destitute of that command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having relief which he conceives to have been within the equitable been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recom- and benevolent intention of Parliament; and that, taking mends it to the cronilderation of the House. into consideration the Joss of time, the heavy expences, the

1 ben the said Petition was brought up, and read; let- hindrance from the pursuit of other objects, now unattain-hng forth, That the Petitioner is a Native of Wilmington, in able, which have attended the prosecution of these claims.

Aw// Carolina, and the Son of John Du Bois, formerly a very the Petitioner may, with truth, be said to have sacrificed a considerable and opulent Merchant, and for many years an second fortune, whilst seeking compensation for his original sc iveand loyal Magistrate of that place, until the time of lols: And therefore praying the House, to take his case death, which event took place in the year 1768; and into consideration, and grant him such compensation for' that^in the year 1776 the Petitioner, then of the age of his lofies, services, and lufferings, as he shall appear to be Von. 58. entitled

'inti

SXti

for securing and preserving the Records of the said County and Town of Perth;and that it would greatly contribute to the police, order, and good government of the said County and Town of Perth, if a proper Bridewell, or House

place or places in the neighbourhood as, on a survey to be made, shall appear most proper, and also to open up an accels Quay or Street along the River Pay, as well as other streets, for the more ealy and convenient accels to the fame: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Hiii for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fidtration of a Committee: And that they do examine the nutier thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Graham, Mr. Fordyce,

■*'m of feBoi,

‘■'rian

D

3r

1 1

180

21° Februarn.

T..1803.

ICO

nters

ition.

entitled unto, or such other relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-

A Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, Lord of the Beverftone Manor of, and the principal Owner and Proprietor of, the Estates and Hereditaments in the Parish of in

the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manor

unto subscribed, being Journeymen Calico Printers, within and Parish certain large Farms, Lands, and Fields, which the Counties of Lancaster, Stafford, Cumberland, Derby, and belong to the Petitioner, and that there arc also within the said Parish certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the

Rectory of Beverjione, but which lie very much dispersed and intermixed with the whole of the said Farms, Lands,

Chester, and at Selkirk, Perth, Lanerk, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners and other Journeymen Calico Printers have at times, for a series of years pad, been greatly dif- and Fields; and it would be very advantageous, if the said treffed for want of work, which has arisen, not from any Farms, Lands, and Fields, and Glebe Lands, were divided deficiency in the trade of Calico Printing, but from an and inclosed: And therefore praying, lhat leave maybe overdock of hands brought up and employed therein; given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. and that the trade or business of Calico Printers is ex- That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

tremely unwholesome, whereby the conditutions of such to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Calico Printers as live to become old are so muchdebili- Admiral Berkeley, and the Marquis of do pre-

tated and impaired, as todifqualify them for hard labour, pare, and bring.in, the fame, and they are nevertheless disabled in general from becoming rnaders in the said trade by reason of the poverty and dil-tress under which a great proportion of them labour: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the trade or business of Calico Printers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

r:

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset Dorsetan4 and Somerset Canal Navigation was presented to the House, claa?* and read; letting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Petition.

Petitions of Maltsters of Lincoln and Warrington.

36th year of' Mis present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from or near Gains Cross, in the Parish of Skillingston ' Okejord, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennctt and Avon Canal at or near lVidbrook> in the County of Wilts, and also a certain Navigable branch from the intended Canal, and that the said Company have made a considerable progress in executing the powers vested in neighbourhood"of ^Warrington, in the County Palatine o'? 'them the said Ad, and have executed a considerable

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Maltsters, resident in the City of Lincoln and County thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Maltsters resident in the Town and

Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hard drips which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an Act passed in the last Session: And praying for relief.

part of the said Canal, and the works connected therewith; and that, in performing the works aforesaid, the Petitioners have expended the money already advanced, but the said Canal is yet unfinished, and it Will require further sums of money, to a large amount, to complete the lame; but that such iurther sums of money cannot be raised, nor the said

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to C^naA and works be completed, unless the powers of the

lie upon the Table.

said Act are amended, varied, altered, and enlarged: And

therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a

Moorfields

Improvement

Petition.

o

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Hospital for the reception of mad or insane persons, called Bethlem Hospital, situate in Moorfields, in the City of London, is a very ancient brick building, and is become so ruinous and decayed as not to be capable of being well and effectually repaired; and that the area or space of ground in the . front thereof, which is of very considerable extent, is, in its present state, of very little value; and that it would tend greatly to promote the charitable and beneficial purposes of the foundation of the said Hospital, if the lame were taken down, and a new building of proper extent erected in some more commodious situation; and that it would be a great improvement to the City of London, and of public ‘utility, if a new square or buildings in some other shape or form were laid out and erected on the site of the said Hospital, and the ground in front thereof called the Quarters, in Moorfields; and if new streets were made from the site of the said Hospital to ‘Throgmorton Street and The Royal Exchange, and another new street from Moor gate to Mansion House Street; and if the streets and pail'ages leading from and to the said respective streets and places were widened and improved; and if certain streets, lanes, ways, and passages, leading into or communicating therewith, were also improved, and rendered commodious: And

therefore praying, That leave may be given to. bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Sir ■John William Anderson, See.: And they are to meet To-

Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Morion Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Bridgewater election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to committee, attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a appointed, reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over, and is as follows:

William well, Esquire, Sir Edward 0'Brien% Baronet,

Pafcoe Grenfell, Esquire, Walter Bagenal, Esquire, William Lewis Hughes, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Bouverie of Downton, Sir Charles Mor ice Pole, Baronet, Edward Leveson Gower, Esquire, Lord Viscount Andover, Chivies Smith, Esquire, Sir Thomas Troubridge, Baronet, Sir Ralph Milbanke, Baronet, the Honourable William AuguJlus Townf haul, Robert Adair, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Bridgewater, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the utual maimer.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections,

A Petition of John Peter Allix, Esquire, on behalf of swaffham himself and other Owners of Estates in the Township or Parish of Sumff 'ham Prior, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said lownship or Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades, Heaths, and Fen Grounds, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, inclosed,

prior

Inclosure

Petition*

morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s and exonerated from Tythes, they would be rendered of Chamber; and have Power to fend (or persons, papers, and much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave records. may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered,

VJJiU* 11A<

21° Februarin

"one

ire

Q.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant the House, and read; letting forth. That it would tend to

to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary the advantage of the parties interested, if the said Comat War and Lord Charles Somerset Manners do prepare, and mons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed: And

bring in, the fame. therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for those purposes.

Gbfgowand A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- , That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

i*M' unto subscribed, being Trullees for executing the several to the prayer Qf tj,e said Petition: And that Mr. Porter, £K Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, Sir George Augustus William Evelyn, and Mr.

and read; setting forth, That two Acts were passed, in the do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

26th and 27th years of his late Majesty, for repairing fe-

tat

his late Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the District. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Tenements, of Roads from InchbeUy Bridge to Glasgov), and from Glas- anc| Hereditaments, was presented to the House, and reads gow to Redburu Bridge-, and that an Act was pasted, in the setting forth, That there are within the Parish of South 27th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, Cerney certain Open and Common Fields, Common Mea-and altering and enlarging the powers, of the said several Common Pastures, and other Commonable and

Acts, and for repairing the Road from Glasgozv to Redburn \yafte Lands and Grounds, and it would be very advan-Brtdge, and Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loan- tageous to the persons interested, if the lame were divided heady in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike an(j inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be Road leading from luilkirk to Kil/yth, and that the Peti- given to bring in a Bill for those purposes* tioners have proceeded to put the said several A els in cxe- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

cution, and have borrowed a considerable lum of money fjie prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Porter,

Admiral Berkeley, and the Marquis of Worcester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

on the credit thereof, which flift remains due, and cannot be repaid, anil the said Hoads properly amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act is continued, the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be a great bench t and accommodation to the Public, if a new Road was made from GlafgcWy by or near Pofil and Bahru lie Bridge, to or near the Bridge across the Blander, at Langbank Farm, and from thence to join the Turnpike Roads from Glasgow to Strath*

A Petition of Joseph Pitt, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Minty of Minty, in the County of Gloucester, and also of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

■a

j:tf9

Infli Revenue

Cficers Bill, toiamiited.

blane and InchbeUy Bridge; and that it would be a great there are within the said Manor and Parish certain Open convenience to the Trustees if the said Act, in so far as and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-respects the said Hoad from Gia/gow to Redburn Bridge and tures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and it

Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanliead, were would be very advantageous to the persons interested, if wholly repealed, and all the powers and authorities necef- the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore pray-fary to be granted or continued for making and repairing ing, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those the said Roads, were consolidated in one Act: And there- purposes.

fore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant for the purposes aforesaid. to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Porter,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- Admiral Berkeley, and the Marquis of Worcester, do pre-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine pare, and bring in, the fame, the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear r . .

to them, to the House: A * ct, tlon °‘ the Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Aihley

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, General Maitland, &c.: Common Fields of Ashley, in the County of Northampton,

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to clock, in the Speaker’s Chamberi and have Power to fend *.e. House, and read; setting forth, That if the fame were for persons, papers, and records* divided and inclosed, it would be of great benefit to them i

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring A Bill for better securing the freedom of Elections of in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Coni-bydifabling certain Officers employed in the collect ion or monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish. management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant giving their votes at such dle&ions, was, according to to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Porter,

Order, read a second tin:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve its lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Legard, Baronet, and William Ganton, Poi Legard, Clerk, the only Persons interested in the Lands and ter> & Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the closure Peu'

Supply,

deferred.

and

M'an.1,

deftrred.

Militia tuning Bifl dUjrred,

f'Mey.&c.

jncioiure

Petition,

House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the Town lliips of , Potter, Brompton, and Binning ton, in

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, the Parishes of Ganton and Willerby, in the County of York, refolyc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to certain open and uninclosed Arable, Meadow, and Pasture consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. Grounds, containing 3,800 acres or thereabouts, and if the

R-AW TU .1* u r-n vr . r. , fame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would be

Ai/o/W, That this House will, upon W ednesday next, derived therefrom; but the Notices required by the Stand-resolve it.elf into a Committee of the whole House, to ing Orders of the House have not been given, the Peti-consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply tioners not having resolved to apply to Parliament for the gran ed to His Majesty. inclosure of the said Open Grounds until the time for

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve giving notices agreeably to the Orders of the House, was itself into a Committee of the whole House, dpon the efepfed; and that it will be attended with great loss to the Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Petitioners it leave be not given to bring in a Bill for Great Britain, for twenty-eight days. making such allotments and inclosure in this present Sef-

J & J ' fion: And therefore praying. That leave may be given

, A Petition of several Proprietors of Rights of Common to bring in a Bill for those purposes; and that the Peti-in, over, and upon, the Commons and Waste Lands in the tioners may have leave to give such notices in the present Manors of Hartshill and Anjley, and the Parishes of Manceter month of February, and in the month of March next, or and Anjley, in the County of Warwick, was presented to either of them.

Vo j, jg, 3 A Ordered,

don.

182

21° Febru

A. 1803.

tJ

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- A Petition of the several Persons, Whose names are there- Petition to sideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the unto subscibed, being interested in the Lands and Grounds matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and them, to the House: read; setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 7th year

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, Mr. Wilber force, 8cc.: of His prei’ent Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Open Commons in the Manor of in the County of

clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend Westmorla; and that the Commissioners appointed by the

?titions re-

•ecting Dues on Beer, c.

for persons, papers, and records.

Six several Petitions of the thereunder-signed Brewers, on behalf of themselves, and of others, exercising the trade of Brewing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

said Act are all dead, without having elected or appointed any other persons to succeed them as Commissioners to put the said Act in execution, and no meetings have been held, nor any proceedings had, to execute the powers of the said Act; and that the Lands comprized in the said Act confill of large Open Wastes and Commons, and it would be very

u j

complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as advantageous to the persons interested, if the fame were

giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Vokcir.g In-lol'urc Pcti-011.

divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and fur granting other powers for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor of Sutton next Wokeing, in the Parish of Wokeing,

in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Manor certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing together •412 acres or thereabouts, and, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to tire persons interested: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant therefrom; but the notices, as required by the Standing the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, have not

Sir Alie hael le Fleming, and Mr. "James do prepare*

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Boultham In-unto subscribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the ^ure Peti' Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the Parish of Boultham, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open Commons, Fen Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, the Petitioners would derive great advantages

Sodaiming, Ice. Inclosure ’etition.

to

Frederick and Lord William Rujjell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James More Esquire, Lord of

the Manors of Godalming and in the County of

Surrey, and of the several other Persons, whose names are

been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for the inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds until after the time for giving such notices had elapsed; and that it will be attended with great lot's to the Petitioners, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid in the present Session: And therefore praying.

thereunto subscribed, being interested in Estates, Lands, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those pur and Grounds, within the Parishes of Godalming, Cladding- poses, and that the Petitioners may have leave to give such

fold, Haslemere, and Compton, in the said County, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Manors several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by estimation, about 1,700 acres, and these are also within the said Parish of Godalming certain Common Meadows, lying partly, but not wholly, in the said Manors, and it would tend greatly to the advantage of

notices in the present month of February, and in the month of March next, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. EllifonSir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.:

hrift-Church :hurch, &c. ’ciition.

the persons interested if the fame were divided, allotted. And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. *' ' 1 '

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Rujjell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-Church, in the County of Surrey, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish Church of the said Parish has, from length of time, become very much out of repair, and is now in a very

for persons, papers, and records.

APetition of the Apothecaries, Chymifls, and Druggists, Petition of resident in the City of London and its environs, was pre- ^pfndon*^' fented to the House, and read; complaining of an Act, ayiinft Medi passed in the qid year of His present Majesty’s reign, for cmeAtt. impoling certain Duties upon Patent or Proprietary Medicines: And praying, That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trad- Petition of^ ing to and connected with the Islands of Grenada, and Pf Saint Vincent, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being for Relief.

ruinous and dangerous state; and that the population of offered to be preleuted to the House;

the said Parish has of late increased in so great a degree that the said Church is not large enough to contain such of the Inhabitants as are desirous of attending public Worship therein; and it is necessary that the said Church (except the Tower thereof) should be taken down and rebuilt, and the Burial Ground of the said Parish enlarged:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having been great sufferers

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring from the Insurredions which happened in the said Islands in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. in 1795 and 1796, and the Plantations therein, which

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- belonged to the Petitioners, or with which they were sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the connected as Merchants, having fullered great devallation, matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the Petitioners, for the purpose of enabling them to re-them, to the House: settle, and restore to cultivation their said Plantations,

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William obtained considerable loans from the Commissioners ap-Russell, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, pointed by several Acts, to issue Exchequer Bills for the at Nifie of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have aflillance and accommodation of persons connected with. Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. or trading to, the said Islands; and that the Petitioners

have

to

urcAa.

bn I>

PiU-

mO \jrEO.111.

21° Februarii.

183

have repaid one-third of the Turns To advanced to them. between the Parishes of Saint ,in the County

a:id an instalment of one-third of the balance due from of Gloucester, and ,in the County of Somerset;

them becomes payable on the 5th day of March next; and and by cutting a canal, aqueduct, or feeder, and other that the estates of the Petitioners in the said Islands were necessary works, from, at, or near the Engine Mills aforesaid, not restored to a productive state of cultivation until into the present course of the said River below the intended 1799, and from that time the price of West India produce dam at Temple Meads aforesaid; and that if will be of decreased, and the price of provisions, and other expences great public utility if the said last mentioned canal; aque-attending the cultivation of West India estates, increased to duct; or feeder, were made navigable for boats, barges; such an extent, that the produce of the Petitioners estates /hips; and other vessels, by which means the navigation' were little more than sufficient to defray the expence of between the said City of Bristol and the City of Bath will cultivation; and that, upon a consideration of thele cir- be greatly facilitated: And therefore praying, That leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for the several purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Evan Bail lie, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of

cumltances, the House was plealed in the last Session of the Jail Parliament, to give further time for repayment of the money due from the Petitioners, and during the present Session, Parliament has deemed it just and expedient to afford general relief to the West India Planters and Merchants, by increasing the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugars;, and that, in consequence of the great redudiion in the price of West India produce, and the great increase

r,

the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records;

ft \!>

in the expence of cultivation during the last four years (being the whole period since the estates of the Petitioners have been restored to cultivation) the Petitioners have not

been enabled, from the produce of their estates, to raise A Petition of the London Clergy, whole names are there- Petition the sums, which they have already paid, in part discharge unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. In- fj>ndon of the said loans; and, they are at present unable to pay the cumbents of Livings, whose income was regulated by an instalment upon the said loans, which becomes due in Act, passed soon after the dreadful Fire of , which

March next, and the other instalments thereof as they happened in the year 1666, was presented to the House, become due, under the last mentioned Act, but the Peti- and read; setting forth. That before the fire of London, tioners will be able, upon their credit and otherwise, to the Incumbents of Livings in that City wefe entitled to raise a liifficient sum to discharge one moiety of the sum payments in lieu of Tythes, at the rate of 2J. yd. in the p.-yable by them on the 5th of March next, if the House pound, on the rents of the houses, (hops, warehouses, and fhJI indulge them with further time for payment of the other buildings, in their respective Parishes; and that the other moiety, and likewise for the payment of the subse- laid fire having destroyed or damaged eighty-five Parish quest instalments; and that payment of the whole of the Churches, it was, by an Act, passed in the 22d year of kid debt due from the Petitioners is amply secured, by King the Second, enacted, that thirty-four of the

sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, said Churches should not be rebuilt, but that the Parishes together with interest at £. 5 per cent.: And therefore to which they belonged should be united to others; and praying for such relief as the nature of the case shall appear by another Act, of the 22d and 23d years of the lame to require. King, the maintenance of the Ministers of the several Pa-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. rilhes which had fullered by the fire, was settled at certain

specific yearly sums in lieu of Tythes; and that the income KM lb A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the several Incumbents being thereby fixed at a very

fcfatw!* t*ie City of Bristol, under their common seal, of the low rate, the fame is, by the decreased value of money, the:

Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Ven- enhanced price of all the necessaries of life, and various other turers of the said City of Bristol, under their common circumstances peculiarly attached to the Incumbents of leal, and of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto the City of London, become greatly insufficient for the due subscribed, refilling in or near the said City of Bristol, was support of their situation and character: And therefore

of

Cler-

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ships and other Vessels lying at the Quays in the Port of Bristol are, by the reflux of the tide, left dry, in consequence of which, great injury and damage are frequently done to such Ships and Velllls, and many foreign Vessels, and others of a (harp construction, are prevented coming into the said Port; and that there is not, in the said Port, sufficient depth of water, at neap tides, to navigate Ships and Vessels from the said Quays, down the River Avon, to the Sea, or to bring them up on their return, whereby favourable winds are frequently loft, and great expences, delays, damages, and lofies, are incurred and sustained; and that, ft or near the time of low water. Ships and Vessels lying

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition cf under written, being the Curriers, Leather-dressers, Lea- Lefher Ma" ther-fellers. Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Persons con-cemed in manufacturing, cutting, and using of Leather, don. resident in or near the City of London, was presented tcf the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 2d year of King James the First, as prohibits the use of horse hides in mak-

l 1

houses in the said City, and great inconvenience and lols Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties thereof, or

would be experienced from the want of water; and that to any places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange-, the dangers and inconveniences aforesaid may, in a con- and that the said exemption has rendered the benefits intolerable degree, be remedied by cutting a new course for tended to have been produced by the said Ad much Jess the said River Avon on the SomersetJ/nre fide of its present effectice than they would have been if the provisions had course from a place called The Rede Iff, into the present extended throughout the kingdom, inasmuch as the moll course of the said River, below the high Land, at a certain material District /till labours under every disadvantage-place called Totterdown; by eroding a clam and overfall which the said Ad remedied in those parts of the king-acrol"s the said River at or near Redcliff aforesaid, and dom where it is in force: And therefore praying. That another dam across the fame River at or near Temple Meads, leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes of below the junction of the new and old course of the said extending the fame accordingly.

«>ver; by making an entrance balonand locks in Rownh&m Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-Mcuds, in that part of the Parish of Clifton which lies in federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the *ne said City; another entrance bason and locks at Trim matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Mills, between the present and the intended course of the them, to the House:

Hiver, and another dam, with tide-gates, and other And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord icceflary works, across the said River at or near Engine Mayor of London, &c.; And they are to meet Tommorrow 58. Morning.

it

d.

184-

21° Februarii.

A. 1803.

rft Derby

:lolure

tition.

LlantifiliOj&c. inclosure Petition,

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Leeds and l!* ber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the peerVt°°'nCaiu^ records. House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in

the ioth year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are sub- united into a Company and Body Corporate, with full scribed, being Land Owners within the Manor and Town- power to make and complete a Cut or Canal, navigable ship of West Derby, in the County of Lancaster, was pre- and passable for boats, barges, and other vessels, from and

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by near a certain Bridge over the River Aire, called Leeds certain Articles of Agreement, dated 13th August 1753, Bridge, in the Town of Leeds, through the several Townships, certain Persons therein named, were appointed Commis- Parillies, and Hamlets, therein particularly mentioned, sioners and Trustees for inclosing and improving the several to or near a certain place called The North Lady's Walk,

Commons and Waste Lands in the said Manor and Town- in the Town or Port of Liverpool, and from thence to com-ship; and that several parts of the said Commons and municate with the River Mersey; and that an Act was Waste Lands have been, by the Commissioners and Truf- palfed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for altering tees, granted in fee, referring small rents, other parts have and varying the powers of an Act, passed in the 6th year been leased out* for long terms of years, and other parts of King George the First, for making the River Douglas have been inclosed and improved; but the residue of the navigable from the River Ribhle to Wigan, in the County (laid Commons and Waste Lands yet remain in an unim- Palatine of Lancaster, and for enabling the Company of proved Hate: And therefore praying, That leave may be Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, explaining, altering, by an Act, passed in the ioth year of His present Majesty, and amending, the several po wers of the Commissioners to purchase the said River Navigation, for amending the in, over, upon, and respecting the said Commons and said last mentioned Act, for incorporating and consoli-

dating the said two Navigations, and for other purposes; and that an Act was pallid in the 30th year of His present;

Majesty, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raile a further sum of money for the purpose of completing the fame, and for other purposes-, and that another Act was passed in the 34th year of His present Majesty, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the said Navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to rail'e a further sum of money for those purposes, and for making a navigable branch, therein de« lcribed, from the intended new line of the said Canal; and that the said Company of Proprietors have made confi-

Waste Grounds, and for the division and inclosure thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lancafttire do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of Simon Thehvall, Esquire, John Roberts, and John Jones, Esquires, and of the several Freeholders

within the Pari (lies of Bryn Eglwys and Llanliftlio, who

have right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parishes, whose names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; lifting forth. That there is within the said Parishes a very large and extensive tract of Open Commons or Waste Lands, containing 2,000 acres or thereabouts, and, derable progress towards completing the said Canal, and if the fame were divided and inclosed, a very considerable the fame is now navigable from Leeds to a certain place benefit would arise from the improvement and cultivation called Henfield Common, in the Township of,

thereof: And therefore praying. That leave may be given in the said County Palatine, and so much of the said Canal to bring in a Bill for those purposes. as extends from Liverpool to a place called Newborough, in

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant the said County Palatine, is also navigable; and by virtue to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley of the said Act, passed in the 6th year of King George the and Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do prepare, and bring First, a navigable Cut or Canal hath been made from or in, the fame. near the Town of Wigan, to communicate with the said

Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Newborough aforesaid; and Liverpool and A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- that, by surveys lately marie, it appears that a navigable kh'?;e-r_Road* unto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Cut or Canal may be made from and out of the deviation, and others, residing in or near, and travelling between the of the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, authorized to be City of Chester and the Town of Liverpool, was presented made in and by the said above-mentioned Act of the 34th

j; Petition*

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Hoads from Liverpool, by Tranmere Fool Ferry, to Ferry

and the Rock Ferry, opposite to the great Port of Liverpool, to the Town of Lower Bebington, and to Stourton Heath,

year of His present Majesty, from or near a certain place called Henhurst Bridge, otherwise Hennis Bridge, in the Township of Wigan aforesaid, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation of the Duke of Bridgewater, in

and allb to the Towns of Necton and Parkgate, over Stourton the Township of Pennington, in the Parish of Leigh, in the Heath, leading to the City of Chester, and communicating said County Palatine, with a branch or raised way thereout, with the great Ferry over the River Dee to Flint, all North in the Township of Abram, to a certain place called Lotv

Wales and Ireland, and also the Road from Franmere Pool Ferry, the Rock Ferry, the New Ferry, and the Woodftde Ferry, to Hoylake Hotel in Little Moels, in the County of Chester, through Bidftone and Moreton, are in a very bad state of repair, owing to the narrowness of them, as well as being very circuitous, and incommodious for Travellers, and particularly so as to the daily Royal Mail Coach, and other carriages and horses passing to and from those places; and that, if powers were given for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the same, it would be of great public utility to facilitate the intercourse between

expence,

the great Ports of Liverpool, Parkgate, Chester, and Ireland,

North and South Wales, Shropshire, Herefordshire, and their some respects be varied, amended, and altered;

vicinities: And therefore praying, That leave may be given order to make and complete the said proposed (

- -

to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of

Hall, which will open an easy accel’s to many valuable and extensive mines of coal, cannel, and other minerals, in the adjacent country, and afford a cheap and easy conveyance of those articles, and of goods, wares, and mcr-‘ chandizes, between the Town of Wigan aforesaid and the populous and manufacturing Town of er, in,

the said County Palatine, and the country near the fame, and will otherwise be of great benefit to the Petitioners; and that the said Company are delirous to complete the said Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, and ta make and maintain the said proposed Cut at their own and that the above-mentioned Acts should in

and that, in Cut or Canal

from Henhurst Bridge, otherwise Hennis Bridge, to join and communicate with the Duke of s Canal, and

allo such part of the said deviation of the Leeds and Liver 1 pool Canal authorized to be made, as remains unfinished, it will be necessary for the Petitioners to borrow, and take up at interest, a further turn of money, upon the credit of

Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morn- the said incorporated Navigations: And therefore praying, ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes

have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records 11

aforesaid.

Ordered,

-50 Or £jU.Ill-

21° Februcirii.

185

.i l!*

Cijul

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Air. of

Lancijltire,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

tcngprfftoa

(Allis

frtiUcD.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord RiI'll ijd.de, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates or Inhabitants within or near the several Parishes and Places herein after mentioned, was to the Hou/e,

and read; letting forth, That th ve is at present great oc-calion for a Turnpike Road, to branch off from the Turn-

in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read f lotting forth, That an Act: was made, in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, mclofng, draining, and laying in severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Swaff ham Buibeck; and that the powers of the said Ad are insufficient for the purposes thereby intended, and . it is necessary that certain parts thereof, relative to the powers of the Commissioners, should be altered, enlarged, and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

pike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Marfden, in the Parish of ’Wha!ley, in the County Palatine them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Lord Charles Somerset

of Lane after, to communicate with another Turnpike Road leading from the Market Town of to the Market

Town of Settle, at or near the Village of Long Preston, all in the Wed Riding of the County of York, topafs through the several Townships of Marfden aforesaid, and the Town-flip of Barr ore ford, in the said Parish of IVtied ley, and also through the several Townships of Barno/dfvoick, Brogden, Midhop, Remington, Gisburn, Horton, Newjltolme, Nappa, Swinden, HelUfield, Armforih, and Long Preston, in the said County of York-, and that the said intended Road would be several miles nearer than the present Highway from Marfdento Long Preston aforesaid: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancafh'tre, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ma.

inters.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of James Gladell Vernon, Esquire, on behalf Runtfon of himself, and other Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes f.X'rure*'* of Holme, otherwise Runblon Holme, and South Run Aon, in Petition the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are within the said several Parishes divers old inclosed lands, Open Field, and Half-year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing in the whole, by e (lunation,

1.900 acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Open Field, and Half-year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, are subject to certain rights of Shecpwalk, Shackage, and Common; and that the lands now in cultivation might be greatly improved, if the properties of the several Owners thereof were laid together; and it would be highly advantageous to the persons interfiled in the said Commons and Waste Lands, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and if such rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished.: ,

falnrcl!

In* lo: ure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- * And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring '

unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of clivers Mel- in a Bill for those purposes.

l’uages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

Smlewell, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley,

House, and read; letting forth, That there are within the Sir Martin Browne and Mr. Judrell, do prepare, and i

said Parish divers Common Fields, Half-year or Shack bring in, the lame.

Lands, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

which are subject to certain rights of Sheepwalk, Shack- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Brinim-ham,' age, and Common; and it would be advantageous to the unto subscribed. Owners of Estates in the Parishes of Bri- &c-. tiftciofur several persons interested, if the said rights of Sheepwalk, ningham, Stody, and Briuton, in the County of was laiuon'

Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there Lands and Grounds divided and allotted: And therefore are within the said Parishes divers Whole-year Lands, and praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Open and Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, those purposes. Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Grounds, which are subject to certain rights of Sheepwalk, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley, Shackage, and Common, or other rights and interests;

Mr. Secretary at War, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, and it would be advantageous to them if such rights were do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wen, &c. A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-Bfioiure un^Q Owners of Estates in the Parishes of Saint

Andrew the Less, otherwise called Barnwell, Saint Andrew

extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant the Great, Saint Bene did. Saint Botolph, Saint Mary the Less, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley,

All Saints, and The Holy Trinity, all within or near the Town Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. do prepare, and

of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to bring in, the fame, the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes certain Open and Common Fields, Mea- Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to Exeter and dows, Commons, and Waste Lands, and, if the fame were whom the Petitions of the several Persons, whose names are Biddaford divided, inclose-d, and exonerated from Tythes, they would thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put into petition* be rendered of much greater value: And therefore pray- execution an Act, made in the 20th year of His present reported.’ ing, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Majesty’s reign, for more effectually repairing the Road purposes. leading from the end of the Turnpike lload, on the

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Weft tide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley, also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County Mr. Secretary at War, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, of Devon, and for repealing two Acts, of the 32d of his do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Etc Majesty, and the 2d of His present Majesty, made for

t«it»8 u> . repairing the said Roads, were severally referred; That the

mBuiWk A Petition of William Parker Hamond, Lord of the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing iwiure^nd Manor of Mitchell Hall, in the Parish of Swaffliam Buibeck, Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Vql. 38. 3 B complied

186

21° Februdrir

A, 1803,

complied with; and that the Committee had examined and inclosed, they might be considerably improved: And the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; Bill for those purposes.

and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read :—And,

Mr. Arthur Farwell being examined, said, That the Trustees, authorized to. put the said Act into execution.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Thnrleigh unto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish

Houghton iegis Inclo-jure Roads I Bills, [>reicnted.

Tamar Canal

Navigation

petition.

have borrowed considerable sums of money on the security of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford, was presented to of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and the House, and read; letting forth, 'I hat if the said Lands cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good repair, and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might be unless the said Act be continued for a further term; and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That leave it is expedient that several of the Tolls, powers, and pro- may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. visions thereby granted, should be varied and enlarged: Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

and that it will be convenient to the Public that the direc- to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew tion of certain parts of the said Roads should be varied, St. John and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the lame, altered, and extended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Keyfoe tinuing and amending an Act, passed in the 20th year of unto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Com-the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road mon Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the Weft tide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford; and House, and read; setting forth, That if the said Lands and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might be cop-of Devons and for varying the line of certain parts of the fiderably improved: And therefore praying, That leave said Roads; and also for extending the provisions of the may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. said Act to the Road leading from the termination of one Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant of the said Roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Andrew the Parish of Totnes, to a place called Lufcombe Crop, in the St. John and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon :And that Mr. William Adam, Mr. Bur land, and Sir Lawrence Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom MaMftoi*

Balk, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. the Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving,...

the Road leading from the A/rt/r*//WTurnpike Gate, situate Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, accord- on the Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of -ing to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, palfed in J‘0,e>to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had " An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame " Fields, Common Meadow's, Commons, and Waste Lands, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments v'ere once read throughout; arid then a

_ o 7

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Kond Bill, reported*

O O' J

" Bedfordand to give powers for the making and completing of certain Roads set out by the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the said Act: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

\i

U

A Petition of the Moll noble John Duke of Bedford, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whole names are thereunto

subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Borough A Petition of William Aiftcn, of in the County Petition of

of Tavflock, and parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, of KeButcher, was presented to the House, and read; ,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That letting forth, That an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His shccruusPier

a Canal and Tunnel, for the navigation of boats, barges, present Majesty’s reign, for building a Pier at in ami saving

and other vessels, may be conveniently made from and out the Hie of Sheppy, in the County of for ascertaining,

of the River Tamar, in the said County, at or near a certain impoling, and recovering, certain Duties, for the support-

place called Morwellham Quay, to the said Town and ing, maintaining,*and keeping in repair, the said Pier, for Borough of Tavistock, together with collateral Cuts from paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, the said Canal, and proper Railways and Roads to the and improving, the highways, streets, lanes, and other ~ public passages and places, within that part of the ParilR

of M in the said Isle of (which lieth near His Majesty’s Dock Yard and Garrison of called Blue

Town and Mile Town, and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and that the Manor of MinJIer, with other premises, were fold under the direction of the Court of Chancery on the 24th day of May 1799, when the Petitioner became the purchaser thereof at the price of £.5,234.; and that the Manor lies to the fame, by which the said Town and Borough, and the country adjacent, would be supplied, at a cheaper rate than at present, with coals, lime, and all other articles, which will be of great advantage to the said Town and Borough, and its neighbourhood, and of much public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Eastward of the Town of Sheerness, and extends along the

Milton Erness

Ir.clolure

Bcution.

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St, Andrew St. John, General Fitzpatrick, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford, was pi^fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the said Lands and Grounds-were divided

sea from Sanders Brook up to the Fort or Garrison of ttefs, and from high to low w'ater mark; and that the bat-last, stones, sand, and other materials on the Ihore, between Sanders Brook and the Fort or Garrison of are the

property of the Petitioner; and that the Owners of the said Manor have, time out of mind, enjoyed the exclusive right of getting ballad, stones, sand, and other materials, upon such Ihore, and have received rent from divers persons for permitting them to get the fame, but the Commissioners under the before-mentioned Act, by virtue of the power and authority given them to take and carry away ballad, stones, and other materials, from the lea beach.

within

- by

Kf&u* nit

21° Febru

1ST

I Dtfforrl Bridge I Fernion.

thereof as authorizes the Commissioners under the said Act to get Hones, ballast, sand, and other materials, from that part of the sea shore which lies within the Petitioner’s said Manor without paying any thing for the fame, or by such other means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there* unto subscribed, Inhabitants, Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the several Parishes of Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint Nicholas

fcnCjcl * County Wtts r%*a.

within er near the Jirtiits of the said Act, without paying and did thereon build a * tht ekperices of which any thing for the lame, have, since the pa Sing of the said chafe and building were discharged out of the surplus of Act, carted and taken away from the said shore great the County Hock, then in the hands of the Treasurer of quantities of bailafl, ftonesj land} and other materials, for the said Western Division, and by Rates as directed to be the purpose of the said Adlj without paying any thing for made by the above-mentioned Act; and that ever tlnce the fame; and that the profits to arise to the Petitioner the building of the said Gaol, the expences of repairing from such exclusive right was one of the Petitioner’s mo* the fame have been discharged by sums of money raised tives for purchasing the said Manor; and that the Peti* within the said Western Division, according to the direc* tioner hath laid out and expended upwards of £.150 in tions of the said Adlj and that for a (cries of years past, making a waggon road to the said Ihore, which the Com- fandlioned By no Law, but custom, the said County hath missioners under the said Act have, from the great quan- been divided into an Eastern and Western Division, that tides of ballast and other materials they have daily, for the Eastern Division hath contributed towards the main-some time past, carted and taken away from the said Ihore, tenance of such prisoners only as were lent to the felons rendered almost impassable, to the great detriment of the part of the said Gaol from such Division, and the Western Petitioner, as he will necessarily be obliged, at his own Division hath, at the charge of the Inhabitants of such expence, to repair and amend the fame; and that the Pe- Division, supported all the prisoners sent from the said titioner had not any regular notice given to him of the in- Western Division to the said Gaol; that such custom is tendon of applying to Parliament for the passing the said partial, unjust, and oppressive, inasmuch as, from the con-Act, and had not the least suspicion, until after the fame tiguity of the said Western Division to the Metropolis, was palfed, that it contained any such powers as are men- the prisoners committed from that Division far exceed the tioned, or that it would affect the rights and interests of number of prisoners from the Eastern Division, and the the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the House will consequent expence thereof impoied on the Inhabitants of take the premises into consideration, and grant him such the Western Division exceeds, in an unreasonable proper* relief, either by repealing the said Clause, or so much tion, the expence of the Eastern Division; and that, independent of the repairs of the said Gaol being borne exclusively by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division, they support also, at their foie charge, two Bridewells, situate in the Western Division, , one at ‘

and one at and that all debtors in the custody

of the Sheriffof the said County are confined in the fiicl Gaol at and the expences charged to the County

for their maintenance, whether they be sent from the Eastern or Western Division of the said County, is borne solely by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division, and that the said Gaol is the only prison of the said ford, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes of Sheriff; and that as the Justices, as well of the Eastern as Rotherhithe and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was of the Western Division of the County, are appointed

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the under one and the fame commission, and the Police of

River Ravensbornedivides the Parish of Greenwich and the the County is general, the Petitioners submit that the several Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, expence incident to the due administration of it ought to to and from which Parishes there is great communication attach on the Inhabitants of the whole County, at large,;

by the Inhabitants thereof respectively, and of the several and that it is inequitable that, from any circumstance of

Parishes above-named; which communication, by reason locality, one District of a County, in a matter which

of the said River Ravensborne, is circuitous, and the Inha- affects the interest of the whole, should, for the furtherance bitants of the said Parishes, for want of a proper conveyance of general justice, be partially burthened; and that it is:

forhorfes and carriages, and for themselves personally, in highly expedient power should be given to the Justices of '

the night-time, over the said River, at or near a place the Peace for the said County, in their General or Quarter'

Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County rate, and for that purpose to assess and tax rateably, and in

equal proportions, according to the annual rent or value j

of estates, all and every the Pari fives. To wns, Liberties,

Deptford, called The fide Mill, now or late in the occu- Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within the said

pation of William Waterley Weller, with proper Roads to County, for and towards the fame, and to be applied for

lead to and from the same, it will open a direct commu- all the purposes and objects to which the County Rate is

nication between the moll populous parts of Greenwich by Law liable: And therefore praying, That leave may be ltd Deptford, and greatly facilitate the intercourse of all given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. the Inhabitants of the said several places, and be of great Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con*

' public utility; And therefore praying. That leave may be lideration of a Committee; And that they do examing the given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- them, to the House: lideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to he.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine them, to the House: of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, to fend for persons, papers, and records.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Brington, to fend for persons, papers, and records. unto subscribed, being interested in the Open Common inciofnr*

Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, Petltlon‘

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon,

unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, they might an Act was made in the 9th year of his late Majesty, to be greatly improved; And therefore praying. That leave Wiable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfbant piece of ground for building a Gaol for the said County, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William and for empowering the said Justices to apply part of the Geary, Lord Vifcdunt Hinchingbrook, and Lord Freaerick County stock of the said Division towards the fame; and Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, that the Justices of the said Western Division, acting

tinder the directions of the said Act, purchased a conve- Mr. reported from the Committee, to Carmarthen

nient piece of ground at Maidstone, in the said County, whom the Petition of several Persons, whole names are You. 58. thereunto w^rted!'*"’

called The Creek, are incommoded and delayed; and that if a Bridge was erected over the said Creek or River Ravensborne, between its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, and a certain mill, in the Parish of Saint Paul

188

21° Februarii.

A.. 1803.

fi(

thereunto fublciftbccl, being Trustees for executing the . ing from the North end of Lower Water Street, in the several Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the I louse, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deli-’ vcred it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an A <ft, passed in the 3d year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high lload leading from the fourteen mile done in the Parish of Alothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through several places therein mentioned, to Tavernspite, in the Pari 111 of Kijfg, at the borders of the County of Pembroke: And also, an Act, passed in the 24th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the aboVc-mentioned Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, several other Roads, were read :—And,

Mr. Charles Morgan being examined, laid, That the

Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said A efts, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly repaired and amended, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted; and that certain parts of, the said Roads arc become of little or no public utility, and it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said Acts should be dilclrarged from the care and management thereof.—And the witness being further

o o

examined, laid, That the Road leading from or near Griffith Parry's House, at Nantcoch Brook, and the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be luthciently amended by the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if powers were given for making, amending, widening, diverting, and keeping in repair, the said several Roads.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several Acts; the one made and passed in the 3d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the " high Road leading from the fourteenth mile stone in the Parish of Alothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through

Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the -Borough of 51 [

Carmarthen, through the Village of Commit Elvet, in the:

Parish of Conzvill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindree Shiukin, in the Par/h of Pemkoir, to the Town of New*

io.ftle Emlgn, in the Parish of Cenarth, in the County of Carmarthen, and the several other Roads described in the Petition, are much out of repair, and extremely inconvenient, narrow, and founderous, so that Travellers and car-

riages are often impeded, and cannot pals or travel thereon with iafety; and the said Roads cannot be effectually formed, amended, widened, diverted, and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law; that it would be of great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the lame were properly formed, amended, widened, diverted, and rendered commodious for Travellers and carriages. '

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the North or North-weft end of a certain street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conn:til,

Elvet, in the Parish of Conzvill Elvet, and through the Village of Veiindre Shinkin, in the Parish of Pemkoir,. to the 'Town of Ne waffle Emlyn, in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads, in the County of Carmarthen:

And that Mr. Hamlyn Williams and Air. Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Cuf- Southampton toms, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the

■Port of the down of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the security of ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for creating Warehouses for the late culiody of goods and merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above purposes, was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sturget,

Mr. Amxatt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Kenfrngton

• r 1 /'A 1 /a l 1 1* _ * ^.-n irp <Cr_

Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of houses in Kenfrngton Square, and in Toting Street and James Street, reported, communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abkotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee.

Carmarthen new Ronds Petition, reported.

Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of Lhnuli- had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had " lovaiir, and from thence by Cledfulch, and over Dvless directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to

Bridge, to the Town of LhindHovaur, and from the iaid the House; and he read the Report in his place; and " Town along the Poll Road by Rhizvradar, through the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the " County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

*s Saint Chart, to Yavernjpilc, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. It " Borders of the County of Pembroke;" the other, made Hunter, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Laws and passed in the 24th year of the reign of His present in being are insufficient to compel all the Owners and Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the said Occupiers of houses in the said Square and streets to pave A<fb> and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, and repair the fame in a proper and uniform manner, or several other Roads within the said County; for discharging to defray the expences of duly watching and lighting the the Trustees from the care and management of certain said Square and streets, or to remove or prevent nuisances, parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, alter- annoyances, and encroachments therein, or to repair and ing, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several keep in repair the fence of the said Square, and improve other Roads within the said County: And that Mr. Hamlyn the lame; that if power was given to certain persons to be Williams and Mr. Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the appointed Commissioners to effectuate the above purposes, lame, it would be a great convenience and security to the Public

as well as to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are Mr. Hamlyn Williams reported from the Committee, to willing and desirous, in order to defray the expence thereof, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- to be charged with a limited Rate, part to be laid on the holders, and others, of the County of Carmarthen, was re- Owners, and part upon the Occupiers of houses in the said ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found Square and streets.

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com- paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherways- irn-mittee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and proving, Square, and Young Street and James

had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; Mary Abbotts, in the County of Midd/esex; and

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and tire fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. encroachments therein: And that Mr. Byng, Sir Francis

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Sir William , and Mr. Sloane, do prepare,

Charles Morgan being examined, said. That the Road lead- and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

______

43 Geo. Itt*

4£l° Februarii.

m

fVtition of

Coronen for A’igmenta.

! Sunt hncru Mr. Byng reported from the Comrtuttee, to whom the making and maintaining of a Canal, with baloris, refer-

| petjtion of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the voirs, and other works, for the navigation of boats, barg1?,

xpon poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, and other vessels, from the River Thames, between Bell in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Com- Wharf and the Saltpetre Warehouse in the Parish of Saint mittee had examined the matter of the said Petition* and Paul in the County of to Waltharri

bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Abbey, in the County of through the several Parishes them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; of Saint Paul's Shadicell, Saint George's Middlesex, com-and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where monly called Saint George's-in-the-East, within the Tower the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Hamlets, the Hamlet of Ratcliff, Hamlet of Mile End Old

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jamet Town, Saint Anne's Saint Mary Whitechapel,

Moore, Vestry Clerk, being examined, said, That the said Saint Matthew Bethnail Green, Saint Leonard

Parish is large, and very populous, and its Poor are very Saint Luke's, Saint Mary Ifington, Saint John Hackneys numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Homfey, Tottenham, Edmonton, and Enfield, all in the County expence:—Then, of Middlesex, and through the Parishes of Chefihunt and

Mr. John Ward, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That Waltham Crofis, in the County of Hertford, and into or the Workhouse of the said Parish is so generally decayed through the Parish of Waltham Abbey, in the County of and ruinous, as to be Unfit for repairing; and the fame, EfJ'ex, will not only tend to facilitate and render less with certain out-buiklings, erected at sundry times, in ad- expen five the conveyance of goods, wares, and merchant dition thereto, are not latge enough to contain the Poor dizes, between the City of London and parts adjacent, and requiring admission, which hath been found extremely in- between the numerous populous towns and plates, throtigh convenient to the said Parish, and very prejudicial to the or near which the said Canal will pals, but will also be the health and comfort of its Poor, whole numbers are in- cause of great improvement to the said Counties by the creating. easy and cheap conveyance of manures, and will otherwise

Mr. fames Moore being further examined, said. That if be of great public advantage: And therefore praying, That powers were given to purchase a piece of ground, and to leare may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes build thereon a new Workhouse of sufficient dimensions, aforesaid.

with proper conveniencies for the reception of the Poor, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-and to raise sufficient monies for those purposes, and also sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the powers for the better government, regulation, and employ- matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ment of the Poor, and for the better ascertaining and col- them, to the House:

lefting of the Poor’s Rates, it would tend greatly to the And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burden, See.: eaie of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Poor And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of would be better maintained and provided for. the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for pro- fend for persons, papers, and records, tiding Ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the use of

the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers, and Ea,!nS for railing Money for that purpose; for the better afeer- Inhabitants of the Parish of Ealing, otherwise Zealing, in PetlUon’ taining and colle<5ling the Poor Rates; for the better re- the County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, was prelief, government, and employment of the Poor of the said fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Parish, and for other purposes: And that Mr. Byng, Sir Parish is very large and extensive, and greatly burthened Francis Burdett, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, with Poor, and the population of it has very much in-

creased; and that the present Workhouse was first occupied as such in or about the year 1727, and the Parish have, from time to time, found it necessary to make additional buildings to the fame; and that the said Workhouse is

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being His Majesty’s Coroners, on behalf of Fees, of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of the several surrounded by numerous Inhabitants, and the Poor are.

Counties and Liberties within England and Wales, was from the smallncls and confined situation of the fame, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the liable to continual sickness: And therefore praying. That office of Coroner is an ancient, honourable, and necessary leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting and office, and the duties belonging thereto are great and maintaining a sufficient Workhouse for the habitation of manifold, and require peculiar diligence and integrity in the Poor of the said Parish, and for regulating the fame, the execution thereof; and that over and above the fee of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-Twenty Shillings for taking each Inquisition, an allowance sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the of Nine Pence per Mile, from their own homes only, for matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to travelling expences, as settled by an Act, passed in the them, to the House:

25th year of his late Majesty, is, on account of the de- A nd it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdett, &c.: crease of the value of money, and the advanced price of And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of everynecessary of life, as well as the charges for travelling, the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to very inadequate to the expences which Coroners are sub- lend for persons, papers, and records.

Jestto in order Jto the punctual and faithful observance of

the duty of their office; and that, in addition to the causes A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Hackney before mentioned, the present duties upon horses and car- unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts p^Ton nages, of every denomination, fall heavy on those Coroners herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and whose Districts being large, are obliged to keep horses and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 30th carriages for enabling them to execute their offices with year of His present Majesty, for taking down the Church that dispatch and alacrity which is indispensably necessary and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, for the service of the Public; and that the Coroners in in the County of , and for building another

general are subject to various other expences and incon- Church and Tower for the use of the said Parish, and for veniencies: And therefore praying. That leave may be making an additional Cemetery or Church-yard; and that given to bring in a Bill for granting an augmentation of another Act was passed in the 35th year of His present the allowance for their travelling expences, to be paid out Majesty, for amending the said Act, and for raising a fur-of the County Rates. ther sum of money for completing the said Church and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. other works; and that considerable progress hath been

made in executing the powers of the said Acts, and in per-A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- forming the several works thereby authorized and directed unto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands to be made and done; but it is found that the money by in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex.and Hertford, and of the said Acts directed to be levied and raised, will not be several of the Merchants, Traders, and others, in the City sufficient to complete the purposes of the said Acts; and of London and County of Middlesex, and elsewhere, was that the powers and provisions of the said Acts have been presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the found insufficient and defective, and it is necessary that the Vol. 58. v 3 P . fame

Citium

Canal

190

21°—22°

v.

A. 1803;

'tition from

Tip^CllJlg

furies on I*ter, &c.

fro ugh ton

ficlosure

•etition.

fame should be altered, amended, enlarged, and explained: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do pxamine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Bur Jett, See.:. And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the Town and County of the Town of , was pre-

ferred to the House, and read; complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Croughton, otherwise Croze ton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickens, Mr. Cartei-right, Stc.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

id D

An ingro{Ted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for $chut?.e*sN«b

Bill, coir mkted.

naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand was read a Blll>C(>in*

• if

second time.

Ref'dyed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Tone unto subscribed, being Conlervators of the River Tone, in 11011 I>amon* the County of Somerpt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was pitied in the 10th and 11 th years of the reign of King the Third, for

making and keeping the Reiver Tone navigable from renter to Taunton, in the County of and that an-

other Act was paired in the 6th year of.Queen Anne, for the more effectually making and keeping the said ltiver navigable from Bridge-eater to Taunton'-, and that many doubts have arisen as to the cor, ft ruction of certain clauses in the said Acts, and it is expedient that teveral of the provisio.ns of tlac laid Acts -mould be altered or repealed.

•-P.:

Parish certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and further powers granted: And therefore praying,.That and Waste Lands, and divers quantities of Meadow and Pal- leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the purposes ture Land, which would be capable of considerable improve- aforesaid.

mentif divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant matter thereof; and report the lame, us it llin.il appear to to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins them, to the House* and Mr. Cartzvright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

v.tint James's Poor,&c. i Petition.

f,

And it is referred to Mr. Mori and, Mr. II am met. See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of A Petition of the Rector, Vestrymen, and other Inhabi- the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tants of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of fend for persons, papers, and records.

Westminster, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the red of the Vestrymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the Floufe, and read; setting forth, That an Act was puffed, in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the Poor, and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places, and for enlarging the Churchyard belonging to the said Parish; and that the number of Poor in the said Parish hath, of late years, greatly increal'ed, and the present Workhouse is too small for their recep

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, 'Fen of the clock.

Mentis,22°

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

tion, and is also in such a date of decay, and so burthen- rT'rIE Earl of Evjion, from the Select Committee ap- Report fro*

c- JL

the merits of the Peti-

Cochrane, of the Committee,

some to the Parish, in consequence of the necessary ex- pointed to try and determin

pence of keeping it in proper repair, that the fame ought tion of the Honourable Captain Alexander to be taken down, and a new one built in its dead; and Royal Navy; and also, the Petition ot Sir Heuderfcn, ,lie

that it would tend to the health and convenient accom- Baronet, severally complaining of an undue election and tvmCony. modation of the Tick, diseased, and infirm Poor, and also to double return lor the Class or Didrici of Boroughs, con-the better employment of those able to work, and the cor- siding of Dunfermline, Stirling, Cu/rcjs, and

Boland’s Nat. Bt , corn-

red ion of the idle and profligate, if one or more large and Queensfin Scotland, informed the House, That the said convenient house or houses, with all nccedary wards, working rooms, and outbuildings, were erected and built, either contiguous to the spot on which the present Workhouse stands, or in some other convenient situation in or out of the said Parish, and if grounds and buildings were purchased for the better effecting the purposes intended, or if the present Workhouse were enlarged and repaired in such manner as may be found necessary; and that it would tend

to the advantage of the said Parish, if the said Act weje Apothecary, attended at the

altered and amended; and that it would also be expedient 11 1 r ....

that an Act, passed in the 1 ft year of the reign of King James the second, for eroding the said Parish of Saint James, should be altered, and the powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for the purposes aforesaid. * excui'ed for his not attending on the said Seied Committee

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- this Morning; and have leave to ah font himself from any ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the further attendance on the said Committee.. matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

them, to the House: A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, the Lord Gardner, &c.: unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two Acts, peat;"',n.

And they are to.meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of passed in the iff and 22d years of the reign of His present the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of fend for persons, papers, and records. Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain gate in the

Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate, and from a certain An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for gate on the louth fide of the said Borough, called Green naturalizing Join Frederick Lends B rand, was read a second Gate, through the Towns of Dnnftone and to a

time. Road called Street way, in the Road to being

Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the clocK, pursuant to their adjournment ot yeflerclay, when the Chairman informed the Committee, that he had received a letter from the Right honourable' If a etc Corey, fluting, that he continued too ill to attend the Committee this Morning, and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. an

door, who could give the House information, respecting the (late of Mr. Cony’s health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw. x Ordered, That the said Right honourable Cony be excui'ed for his not attending on

a,

rd rlM

t tlC

40 KjEO.

22° Ftbniarii.

191

':XII

S-v't

Lhj.1,

the FirstDiftrift of Roads therein mentioned, was to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners have made great progress in th_ amendment and repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed and taken up con/I-derabie sums of money on the credit of the Tolls arising therefrom; and that the said Roads cannot be dfeftual/y amended and repaired, and the money borrowed on the credit of the Toils repaid, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Rill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Gozcgr, Sir ‘John Wroitejley, &c.: And they are to meet To-mofrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and regords.

read; setting forth, That an , Ad was passed in the last Session, for the preservation of the health and morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories; and that the Laws , before in force effectually protect Apprentices and'Servants against every species of abuse or improper treatment of Mailers: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tables

SSeifieldCanaJ

Petition.

S-y

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, within Uallamshire, in the County of York, and of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Traded,

A Petition of Sir John Eden, Baronet, Lord of the Manor Beamirti of Beamish, othenvile Beamish Park, and of the several other Persons, v, hole names are thereunto fubiferibed, being Owners of M Tungcs, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is within the said Manor and Parish a Moor, Common, or Waste, called Beamish South Moo'-, and also several pieces or parcels of Waste Lands, and it would be greatly for the advantage of the Proprietors, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore pray-* i ng, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thofo purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burdott

men, Manufacturers, and others, residing in and near the and Sir Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the fame, Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a communication by water between the River and the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, would be productive of great public advantage, and a particular local benefit to the said Town and neigh-.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Boultham Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the reported* Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred; 1

That the Committee had examined, and found that the 1

bourhood, by rendering the carriage of iron, timber, coal. Standing Orders of the I ioul'e, relative to Bills of Inclosure, Jimeftone, and all kinds of merchandize, to and from the have not been complied with, the Petitioners not having said Town and neighbourhood, much cheaper and easier resolved to apply to Parliament for am Bill for the inclo-than the present conveyance thereof; and that a navigable sure of the said Lands and Grounds until after the time communication is already made, and now exists, from the for giving the notices had elapsed; and that the Com-said River Humber by the River Ouze, and up the River mittee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and Dun to a place called Yinjley Wharf adjoining, upon the had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

i-.:j T,: ’ rt'-----rcr:..n... -_j (.|icnij to tpe House; and he read the Report in his place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fulloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tee said Petition, the Reverend Robert Sheffield being examined, said, That there are

laid River Dun, in the Tow nth ip of Yinf ley and Parish of Rotherham, in the said West Riding, distant about three miles and one-half of a mile from the said Town of Sheffield-, and by levels and surveys lately taken, it appears that a navigable Cut or Canal for boats, and other vessels of heavy burthen, may be made from the navigable part of within the Parish of Boultham, in the County of Lincoln,

the said River Dun, in a dole very near to the iaid YntJJey Wharf, called Wheat Field, occupied by Samuel Kirk, in the Township of Kimberworth, and Parish of Rotherham aforesaid, to a close adjoining or near to the Town of Sheffield, called the Wicker Croft, situate in the Township of Brigktfde Bicrlozu, and Parish of Sheffield aforesaid; and that, for the purpofo of supplying the said intended navigable

certain Open Commons, Fen Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present (late, are incapable of any considerable improvement; but, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific allotments made to the Petitioners, they would derive great advantages therefrom: That it will be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill

4 4- i A t" 1 / v + I-v ri i t r t i . i r» s'V V , \ i . i ./I i* k. . J ~ O /T* f

Cut or Canal with water, it is expedient that certain aqua- for eflefting the purposes aforesaid in the present Session of dufts or feeders should be made from the said River Dun Parliament.—And the Wit nets further informed your

into the said intended navigable Cut or Canal, and alto that reservoirs should be made in or near to the stream of water running from Pitfmocr, along the south-west side of Burnt Greave Wood, into the said River Dun, in the said Township of Brighijide Bierlotv, with a collateral cut from

Committee, That the Petitioners are the only persons interelled in the said Inclosure-.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

from

" :, T. &c.

A Petition of the Commissioners authorized to carry Petition to such reservoirs for the purpose of conveying the water from into execution an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His pre- amen<l thence into the said intended navigable Cut or Canal in tent Majesty, for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, Paving*Act. the said Township of Brightfiue Bier low; and it is also ex- watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping pc client, that the course or direction of a part of the high- in repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Patfages way, in the same Township of Brighijide Bierloiv, which and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain pieces leads from Sheffield to Rotherham, and lies near to the line or plots of ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the of the said intended navigable Canal, ilaould be varied and County of belonging to the Dowager Baroness

altered: And therefore praying. That leave may be given Southampton, and of the several other Persons, whole names to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- Houses erected upon, or Leliecs of, certain other small plots ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the of ground in the said Pari fit, adjoining to those comprized matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to in the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; them, to the House: setting forth. That the Commissioners have proceeded to

And it is referred to Mr. Burden, Sir Ralph Milbanke, carry the said Act into execution, and have made con-8cc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine (iderable progress therein, and find that the good purposes of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power intended thereby may be furthered and extended, if the to fend for persons, papers, and records. said Act is altered and amended, and other powers granted;

and that there are several other small plots of ground in the A Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton Spinners, said Parish, adjoining to the ground comprized in the said

Cmmn sliding at Ytilbury, Alrewas, Namptwich, Ashbourn, and Act, and it would contribute to the safety and advantage

M’ftiKices

A4.

Retvcqjlle-under-Lyme, was presented to the House, and

VOL.58

of the Inhabitants of the houses built and to be built

thereon,

192

22° Fehriiarii.

A. 1803.

thereon, if the powers of the said Act wefe extended so as to comprize such ground: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fox,: And

they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

•mber Ordered, That Mr. Sibtho be added to the Gentlemen,

ied to who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-pjfinsjale, suant to the prayer of the Petition of the Proprietors of :. indofure Estates within the Parishes of Rippingale and Under-

u‘ wood, in the County of Lincoln.

return for the Borough of Barnfaple, in the County of Devon, informed the House, That the said Committee met this Morning, pursuant to their adjournment of yesterday, when the Committee received Accounts of the illness of William Baldwin, Esquire, the Chairman of the said Committee, and John Atkins, Esquire, one other of the Members of the said Committee: And that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ordered, That the said William Baldwin, Esquire, do attend this House, in his place, Tommorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said John Atkins, Esquire, do attend Mr. Atkins to this House, in his place, Tommorrow Morning. place*1 mhw

<3

all

[;-■

Mr. Bnldwht

to attend in his place.

respecting Duties on Beer, &c.

>mber dieted to re-!»rt Wey-iotith and elcombe ’^i$ Roads dl.

iden dicker’s at. Bill, immitted.

Two several Petitions of the thereundef-signed Brewers, Petitions on behalf of themselves, and of others exercising the trade of Brewing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duties oh Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto Petition of subscribed, residing in the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, and in the adjoining Town of Appledofe, in the &c. against said County, being respectively Owners of Part Owners of ^"nase Vessels belonging to the aforesaid Ports, was presented to uacs' the I Joule, and read; complaining of an Act for imputing

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed in the lft and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Mel-tombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, to the Church in the Parish of OJmington, all in the County of Dorset, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seidenjlicker, was certain Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels: And read a second time. praying for the repeal of the said Act, in so far as it im-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison, Sir poles Duties on thcT onncige of British Shipping.

i\ lollop and (arple I: ridge Road ill.pre-i nted.

John William Anderson, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, repairing, and improving, the Road from or from near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County, and for making several branches of Roads to and from the same: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, Petberton a Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Common Mca- "j?otr!wtt dow called Pet her ton Brcadmead, situate in the Parish of Bill, nre-South Petherton, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

’.lied worth

nclosure

’ctition.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the South end ot Weft Moor, and from A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Chedworth, the Weft end of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llnnn-Lord of the Manorsof Chedworth and Compton Abdale,\n the Jler, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of Pease Marsh County of Gloucester, and principal Proprietor of the several Lane to Horton and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, Estates, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the and from White Cross to ChilUngton Down, and from a place Manors and Parishes of Chedworth and Compton Abdale afore- called Three over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from said, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, the Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Afkill, in whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of the County of Somerset, was read a second time, other of the Lands and Hereditaments within the said , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson,

several Manors and Parishes, was presented to the House, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this After-and read; setting forth. That there are within the said noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Manors and Parishes certain Open and Common Fields,

Chard Road* Bul> committed.

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds; and it would be advantageous to the persons interested, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. docke Wyndham and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sjkttc of Ac-:mints. See. nf British Museum, presented.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for LutterioV. naturalizing John Henry Lutterloh, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson,

Mr. Gore Langton, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to i-eed* Coals whom the Petition of Charles John Brandling, Esquire, ^0^. Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the county of,

Owner and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor and Places adjacent, and of the Mayor and several

The House being informed that Dr. Gray, from the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the door; he other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Leeds, in

Appendix,

(No. 24.)

Report from Barnlhple Election Committee,

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the Accounts of the British Museum 1802, and Estimateof the Account for 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

the said County, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this followeth; viz.

volume. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, from the Select Committee for enlarging the powers of two Acts, one made'in the 31ft

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-of Richard Wilson, of Datchworth L,dge, in the County of cond, and the other made in the 19th year of the reign of reipcdhng the farts, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town ' 'v:c * . ‘ and

in-

ureRid,

Boomed.

fQAxJSO. 111.

29" Februarii.

19.1

and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with vided and allotted, and laid in: And therefore

Coals, was read; whereby it appeared,' That the said praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Charles John Brandling is obliged yearly, during such time as those purposes.

he shall continue the waggon-way made for the ptlrpdfe of That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuanf

bringing Coals from the coal works of the said Charles to the prayer of the said Petition: And that: Mr. Joshua John Brandling in Middleton aforesaid, to the repository at Smith, the Earl Temple, and the Marquis of do

a certain place mentioned in the said Act, called Cajj'on prepare, and bring in, the lame.

C/ofe, to bring to the said repository 20,000 waggons or

480,000 corves of coals at lead by daily proportions :— Mr. Sibtlmvp predated to the House, according to Order, RlppmsMe,

Then, . ' ...... ' " ' ' ..

Mr. Joseph Humble being examined, laid. That since the passing of t he said Act, the Town and Borough of Leeds is very considerably increased in population, and the trade thereof very greatly extended, and a great nurhber of manufactories, dyehouies, engines, and machines, have beert erected therein, lb that the quantity of coals stipulated by the said Act to be brought down to the said repository is

See. inclosure

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Waites, and other Common- tented, able Lands, within the Parishes of and Kirkby

Underwood, in the County of Lincoln: And the lame vyas received; and read the firit time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

...... , _ . _____, j A Petition of the several Persons, who have thereunto Trent Bridge

found inefficient for supplying the said Town and Borough}' subscribed their names, was presented to the House, and

That the said Charles Brandling has been put to a very great read; setting forth, That the present communication be- *

expence, by making fresh winnings in his laid Colliery, and tween the Hamlet of in the Parish of •;

by extending and making additional waggon-ways from and the Parish of East Bridgeford, in the County of Notting-his coalpits to the said repository, and by paying much ham, and to several Roads which lead to the parts of the County of Nottingham North and South of Trent, and to

greater prices for loading and getting the said coals, and for the wood and other materials used therein: That it would be of great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants of Leeds, and the manufactures and trade thereof, it a larger quantity of Coals than is stipulated by the said Act were brought from the works 01 Mr, Brandling to the repository, or to some place near thereto, and sold to the Inhabitants: That the coal got and worked at all the other collieries or

and

other Counties, is very inconvenient, and oftentimes dangerous; and that there is not any Bridge across the River Trent between the Bridge at the Town of Nottingham and the Bridge at Newark-upon-Trent ,in the County of Nottingham, a space of upwards.of 20 miles; and that the Road from Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, to the Fofs Road, and from the Fofs Road to Gunthorpe Ford and

coal works in the neighbourhood of Leeds is very consider- Ferry, and from thence, on the Northward fide the said

' rRiver, through Burton Joyce and Car let on,- in the said County, to the Town of , and also from the said

Ford and Ferry to the Rujford Road, in the Parish of and also from the said Road, near the Southward end of the Town of Lozvdham, through Buleote, and to join the said

ably advanced in price, and that it would very greatly dif-treistbe Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, if Mr. Brandling should discontinue the said waggon-way and repository; and also be a very great loss to the trade and manufactories thereof.—And the Witness added. That

Mr. Brandling is willing not only to bring down from his Road or Branch at Burton Joyce aforesaid, are in a ruinous said coal works at Middleton, and deliver at the said re- condition, and incommodious for Travellers, and the said pository, or some other place near thereto, during the con- Road from Gunthorpe Ford and Ferry, on the Northward tinuance of the term in the said Act mentioned, or such fide of the said River, to and as far as Burton Joyce, is now other term as may be deemed requisite, 25,040 waggons, or only a public bridle and private occupation Road; and $So,ooc corves, by daily proportions, for the foie ule of the that great advantages would arise to the Inhabitants of that Inhabitants of Leeds, at the rate of Eight Pence a corf, part of the County of Nottingham which lies North of the having liberty to leave any quantity of such coals, not ex- River Trent, and to the Inhabitants of the Vale of,

ceeding 3,600 waggons per year, at any place near to the and the part of the said County of Nottingham which lic3 said waggon-way within the said Borough, and also to South of and to the public in general, from a Bridge, take and deposit the surplus quantity beyond the daily sale being built across the River at or near Gunthorpe Ford or demand of the said Town and Borough in any other and Ferry, in the said County of Nottingham, and from a coal-yard or repository within the said Borough, and which, Turnpike Road or public Highway being made from by the Inhabitants, is thought a reasonable price. thence, on the Northward fide the said River , to Bur-

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amend- ton Joyce aforesaid, and the said other Roads being amended, ing and enlarging the powers of several Acts, made in the widened, and kept in repair: And therefore praying, That 31ft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes Second, and in the 19th and 33d years of the reign of His aforesaid.

present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Coals: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a piece or parcel of open and uninclosed "Wood Land, called -h Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the Parish of

Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepout, Mr. Bakhtin, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

f ttinent ^Vuaa,

Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Laf- unto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Dublin, cedes, Mr. Wilberforce, he.: And they are to meet this was referred; That the Committee had examined, and Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, found that no notices had been given of the said application, the lame not being within the Standing Orders of the

Dublin Rov Petition, reported.

A Petition of Drummond Smithy Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Mar [worth, in the County of Bucks, and a principal Proprietor of Land in the said Parish, and of the Governors of Saint Thomas’s Hospital, Lords of the Manor of Marjwrth-de-lay-hay, andconsiderable Proprietors of Land in the laid Parish, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read •, fettir.gforth, That there

House respecting Ireland•, and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common present informed your Committee, That, from the infol-Pastures, and other Commonable I^and and Waste Ground, vericy of several of the Collectors of the public money, in the said Parish, and it would be a great advantage to presented at sundry terms by Grand Juries of the County the Owners and Occupiers thereof, if the lame were di- of Dublin to be levied on the said County, and of the Sure-Yol. 58, 3^ tics.

int Allnns turch Bill, sorted.

reymonth

and

clcombe -^is Road* Bill, portcdi

1;

p

k\

f rk I reton B cl of nre ritioiv.

194

22° Febrmrii.

A. 1803.

ties of the said Collectors, and other causes, very consider- notices in the months of February, March, or April, or able arrears have accrued, for payment of which arrears the some or one of them.

Grand Jury for the said County have not power, by any Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-Law now in force, to provide: That, for the purpose of lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the empowering and enabling the Grand Juries of the said matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to County to discharge the said arrears, and for the better them, to the House;

keeping in proper repair the public Roads in the said And it is referred to Mr. , Lord George

County, and for the better regulation of the Officers acting Henry , &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

under the Grand Juries of the said County, it is necessary Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; that a Bill should be introduced to amend an Act of the and have Power to fend for perl'ons, papers, and records.

Parliament of Ireland of the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and repairing the A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Chef- willmgton public Roads in the said County, and for repealing parts terfield, and the humble Petition of the several other Per-of several Acts formerly made for that purpose. fons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the County of , was and amend an Act, made in the a6th year of the reign of presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, present communication between the Parish of " widening, and repairing public Roads in the County of in the County of Derby, and the Parish of Repeon, in the " Dublin, and for repealing parts of several Acts formerly same County, and to several Roads which lead from the " made for that purpose:" And that Mr. Hamilton and Towns of Derby, Ashborne, Uttoxeter, and various

Mr. Falkintr do prepare, and bring in, the fame. other places in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, to certain collieries and limeworks in the said County of Derby,

Mr . Grimjlonreported from the Committee, to whom and the Town of and various other places

the Bill for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of in the County of Leicester, is, by means of a certain Ferry 'Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in over the River Trent, called Willinglon Ferry, and that such the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, Ferry is at all times inconvenient, and sometimes dan-and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church, gerous; and that the Petitioners conceive the communi-was committed; That the Committee had examined the cation between the places above-mentioned would be ren-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; dered safe and convenient, and great advantages would arise and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and to the Inhabitants of the several Counties of Derby, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- ford, and Leicester, and to the Public in general, if a Bridge rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report were erected over and across the River Trent, at or near the in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the said Ferry: And therefore praying. That leave may be Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amend- given to bring in a Bill for building such Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; the Bill to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, in the ift and 2 2d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through Mr. Hamlyn Williams presented to the House, according Carmarthen the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and

and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, the one made presented. the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County and passed in the 3d year of the reign of His present Ma-oiDorset, was committed; That the Committee had exa- jesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening,. and

ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, to whom

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a iccond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

keeping in repair, the high Road leading from the fourteenth mile (lone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of , and from thence by Uedfulch,

" and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of Llandilovaur, and " from the said Town along the Poll Road by Rhhvyradar, " through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and " Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite, in the Pari 111 of " Kiffig, at the borders of the County of Pembroke;" the other made and passed in the 24th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County; for dif-unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands charging the Trustees from the care and management of and Grounds within the Town ship of Kirk Ireton, in the certain parts of the said Roads, and for making, amending, County of Derby, and the Township of Callow, in the Parish altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several of Wirksworth, in the same County, was presented to the other Roads within the said County: And the fame was House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the received; and read the first time

r.: j t' ur n. n_ j n.11

laid Townships a certain Common or Wade called Callow Moor, and other (mail pieces of Waste Ground; and, if the lame were divided and inclosed, they would derive great advantages therefrom; but that the notices required by the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom Grampotmd the Petition of the Trustees for executing two Acts, K°ailI>etitK,n'

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, passed in the ift and 21ft years of His present Majesty, have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to for repairing and widening the Road leading from the apply for any Bill for the inclosure of the said Common and Eastern end of the Borough of Grampound, in the County Waste Grounds until this present month; and that it will of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Auftell and LoJ-be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if leave be withiel, and from thence to the East end of the Western not given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid in Taphouse Lane, in the said County, and of several Gentle-this present Session of Parliament: And therefore praying, men, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, redding near the That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those pur- said Road, and also of the several Creditors who have ad-poses, and that -the Petitioners may have leave to give such vanced moqey on the credit of the said Acts, was referred;

That

reported.

*20 UJiU- 111.

22° Februarii.

195

That the Committee had examined, and found that the rented again ft His Majesty’s sacred Person and Go-Standing Orders of the Hou fe, relative to Turnpike Bills, vernment:

had been complied with; and that the Committee had That the wicked machinations which, through the good-examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed ness of Divine Providence have been thus happily fruf-him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the trated, afford an additional proof of the pernicious tendency House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- of those detestable principles, which are equally adverse to wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame the enjoyment of practical liberty, and to the existence of was read j and is as followeth; viz. regular authority, as well as destructive of the comfort and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said security of all classes of society:

Acts were read :—And, To allure His Majesty in our own name, and in that of

Mr. Edward Coode being examined, said. That, in pur- all the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain fuance of the said Acts, several sums of money have been and of the perfect and invariable attachment of a

borrowed on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, loyal and grateful People; and of our fixed determination, together with the surplus produce of the said Tolls, after as it is our indispenlible duty, to support and maintain that paying the interest of the money so borrowed, have been form of Government, under which it is our glojy and hap-applied towards the repair of the said Road, but that no piness to live, and to transmit it unchanged and unimpaired part of the said principal money has been paid or dif- to our defendants.

That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl of,

charged.—And the Witness added. That, as well for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the said Road, as also for the better security of the said Creditors, it is necessary the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powers, provisions, and regulations of the Lord VII'count , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, said Acts respectively explained, enlarged, and amended, the Lord Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

and the Tolls increased. General, Mr Mr. Sheridan, the Matter of the Rolls,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- the Lord Gardner, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Bond, Mr. tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of Sargent, Mr. the Lord Lord Viscount

two Acts, passed in the I ft and 21ft years of the reign of , the Lord Mr Sir Eyre Code,

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Mr. Wallace, Sir William Pulteney, Doctor Sir

leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Grampound, Laurence Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, General

in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Maitland, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. George -

Aujlelland Lojlwithiei, and thence to the East end of the JMr Bouverie, Lord Viscount Fo/keftone, Mr. Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County: And that Mr. Fane, or any five of them; and they are to withdraw, im-Gregor, Sir William Lemon, and Sir Christopher Hawkins, do mediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

•dngtoa ^rf, &c.

Eili,

glinted

3,

| ^ftneras

1 h*Bill, i Fluted,

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and other-ways improving, Kenjingtcn Square, and Young Street and James Street communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House* according to Order,

a Bill for providing Ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the use of the Parish of Saint , in the County of

Middlesex-, for raising money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the

The House was moved. That the Order made yesterday, Resolution " That the names of the Members who did not appear this " day, on the appointment of the Select Committees, for on Ballou. " trial of the several Petitions complaining of undue Elec-* tions and Returns for the City of Coventry, and fof the " Borough of Bridgewater (which names were set aiide)

" be reported by Mr. Speaker, to the House, upon Monday " next," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Order do not extend to the names of Members then serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer- African chants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to p°t?tioIw * the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s

better relief, government, and employment of the Poor of command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, hav-the said Parish; and for other purposes: And the fame Jng been informed of the contents of the said Petition, re-

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

| U' vlUTC

M,

Irtiltd,

commends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted for 1801; and that, in consideration of the various increased expences of the _ Establishments in Africa, under the management of the

the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex: And Petitioners, and of the very great advance in the cost of the fame was received; and read the first time. most of the •articles required for payment of the lame, Par-

Resolved, I hat the Bill be read a second time. liament has for some years pall been pleased to grant an

additional sum for support of the said Establishments; , Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, an(j ^|ie fame inconveniencies (till subsist, except a trifling

\uhr\m fIta 1 no Will a 1 rvnlc 1 if 111 prl A n i• r * i . i # r r* ®

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

ti

■jth

UU*'104 whom *be ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Schutze, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

difference in freight and insurance, in consequence of the Peace: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such adequate sum, for the effectual permanent support and maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to render Irish Courts the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Com- Bill> Ordered, That Sir Martin ‘Browne Folkes do carry the mon Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that ordered‘ bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more benefi-bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. cial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and

to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address Ireland in the 21 ft and and years of the reign of His present presented to His Majesty, to offer to His Majesty the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for Trials ■'i»L heartfelt congratulations of this House, on the detection " by Prius, in the City and County of Dublin, and for 4w and failure of an atrocious and treasonable Conspiracy di- " making the process of the Court of Exchequer more 58. "effectual,"

10(\

196

22° Febru.

A. 1803.

" effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until Defendants in personal Actions: And that Mr. Edward " the Fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hun-Lee, Mr John ClaudiusBeresford, and Mr. Attorney General " dred and one, the use of Salt duty-free in the preservir.g of Ireland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

mmittee

Mutiny

Bill.

h*. Atkins \cnkd.

Ur put Expiring Laws

u x, t

" of Fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting Persons " engaged in such fisheries from being imprefied into His Majesty’s service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable " on white Herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty " on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for " home consumption," as relates to allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the preserving of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to discontinuing the bounty"payable on white Herrings exported, which was continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the 25th day of March 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further encourage-" ment of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, " for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more " effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said " llland," which was continued and amended by an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and further continued by an Act made in the last Session of

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr . Alexandertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the 'Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House being informed, That Dr. Roberts, a Physician, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the state of the health of Mr. Atkins (one of the Members of the Select Committee oh the

Barnstaple election, who was this day reported as having been absent from the said Committee) he was called in j Parliament, until the ijtli day of July 1S03, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the

and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Atkins be excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee this Morning, and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Islands adjacent," which, by several Acts of the 34th, 35th, 36th, 39th, and 39th and 40th years of His present Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee appointed Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the tft day of to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to

March 1803, is

and fit to be continued.

report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; an Act, made in the 23d year of the reign of His present. That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual en-come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him tb report to the House-;. and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

" couragement of the Manufactures of F!

viz.

ax and Cotton in Great ," which was to continue in force for two

years, from the ift day of January 1784, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several subsequent Acts, further' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That continued until the 24th day of June 1803, is near ex-the several clauses in an Act, made in the 5th year of the piring, and fit to be continued, except so much thereof as reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, " An relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs " Act against: clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, on the importation of Brimstone used and consumed iij " and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating making Oil of Vitriol.

" to the Customs," relating to such Foreign goods, wares, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That and merchandize, as shall be taken in at sea out of any an Act, made in the 4th year of the reign of His present ship or vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Majesty, intituled, "An Act for importing Salt from fiiip or vessel or boat; and also relating to goods not re- " Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a ported, and found after clearing ships, and whereby further " limited time," which was to continue in force from the remedies are provided against relanding goods prohibited 24th day of June 1764, for the term of one year, and from to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign goods shipped thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, and out for parts beyond the teas; and relating to the opening which, by ‘several subsequent Acts, was further continued or altering the package of goods on board of ships outwards until the 24th day of June 1802, and from thence to the bound; and also relating to hovering ships or vessels of end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring* the burthen of fifty tons or under; and also concerning and fit to be continued.

the bales or package in which Coffee shall be exported; That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

and also relating to Rum imported in calks or vessels not an Act, made in the 7th year of the reign of his late containing twenty gallons at the least; and also relating to Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, " the revival of an Act, made in the thirteenth year of the

which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was

" reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal (hiring the time " therein limited, and also for the free Import at ion of Indigo," which was to continue in force from the 24th day of June

further continued until the 29th day of September 1802, 1734, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the

and from thence to the end of the then next Session of end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. several subsequent Acts, was further continued from the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That expiration thereof until the 29 th day of September 1802, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, and from thence to the end of the then next Session ot " An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain counter- Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

" vailing Duties granted by an Act of the thirty-seventh Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That " year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An an Act, made in the 8th year of the reign of his Majesty " Act for carrying into execution the ‘Treaty of Amity, Commerce, King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the

" clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of Jnlec-" tion thereby, and to prevent ships breaking their Quaran-" tine, and to subject Copper Ore of t he production of the " British Plantations to such regulations as other enume-rated commodities of the like production are subject," so much of an Act, made in the 41ft yeas of the reign of which was to be in force for two years, from the 25 th day

of

" and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, to cease or be suspended until " the 25th day of March 1803, under certain circum-" stances," is near expiring, and fit to bb continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

°gk

40 UEO.

22° Fcbruani.

lift

of March 1722, and from thence to the end of the then House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the next Sc (lion of Parliament, and which (except the clauses Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ’

obliging all thips and veli'els to perform Quarantine) was, by several subsequent Acts, further continued until the 29th day of September 1802, and from thence to the end

nnr

*i >-1*.

O’

of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiri and fit to be continued.

BeJvlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 8th year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, for the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for importation of all Furs of the product of the British Plantations into this kingdom only, and that the two Corporations of A durance, on any luit brought on their policies, shall be liable only to single damages and colls of luit, as relates to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this kingdom,

O b # D

and to the taking off several Duties on merchandize exported, which was to continue in force for three years, from the 25th day of March 1 742, and from thence to the end of the then-next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th day of June 1802, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to he continued, so far as relates to the en of the Silk Manufactures of this kingdom.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regula-"tion of Dilliileries in Scotland, and the Exportation of " 5r;/.y/;-imde Spirits from England to and from

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Fclkes do carry, the Bill to tire Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fume, without any Amendment.

Gre/Fullie' Naf. Bill, committed

ouragement

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing 'John Lewis Grcffuihe, was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. -:

A Petition of his Grace George Duke of Mariboronghi Petition of and the Right honourable George Earl of Macclesfield,. anej. of-’rinilits the humble Petition of the several Persons, whole names and Isis N;i\ are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed p^rion.ngui lor improving and completing the navigation of the Rivers (ionCajial1" Thames and Ijis, from the jurisdiction of the City of London, Bill, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, also of the several other Peripns, whose names are thereunto fubloribcxl, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Mills, and Lands, adjoining to, and Fisheries on, the River in. the

Counties of Bucks and Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to raile a further sum of money, to enable them to complete the works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 3^th, and 41ft years of the reign of His present Majesty; and

" Scotland to England, for a limited time," as impoies Duties for amending, altering, and enlarging, the pow ers and pro*

on Spirits made or manufactured in-that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, and which was to continue in force until the ift day of December 1795, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlia-

visions of the said Acts, and also taking notice of the.laid several Acts: And praying, That adequate and sufficient provisions may be made in the said Bill, for explaining and amending the said Acts, so far as they relate to the powers and authorities thereby given to take and use any of tjif

ment, and which, by an Act, made in the 36th year of the streams, waters, and lprings, formerly flowing into the reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until River Thame, and for eftedually restraining the said Coni-the ift day of December 1802, and from thence to the pany of Proprietors from any such use of the said streams.

waters, and springs, as may be injurious to the Petitioners, and others interested in the fame way, and eftedually enforcing the means of redreis intended to be given by the said Acts, for the protection of the property of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, in support of second tim:, was, upon the Queilton put thereupon, agreed the matters aforesaid, or against the said Bill, or such.part

end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The first, second, third, fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a fecund time, were postponed.

The fifth Ilesolution of the Committee being read a

to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Ilesolution, now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act',mentioned in the Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed. -

feiittee

w Militia

The House, according to Order, resolvetl itself into a Committee of the whole f louse, upon the Bill to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain, for twenty-eight days.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the lame to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

or parts thereof as may afleift them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Hereford unto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for debt in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Hereford, was presented aitlon' to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Petition of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the inhabitant*, County of Warwick, whole names are thereunto subscribed,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of Worceieraj Thursday next. the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlar?- P')"1.:1,’, i

• . 1 r A r\ 1 .1 P D Roads Bill.

ing the powers or an Act, made in the 33a year of the Sir Martin Browne Folkesreported from the Committee, 1 -<— n.~ c n

Kjj’jj.J Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, reign of His present Majesty, for more eftedually amend-

.and whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ing, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Act for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Beland, was com- through Droit wick, to Spadejboiirne within

®iced; That the Committee had examined the Allegations the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County di Worcester, and of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the other Roads therein mentioned; and setting forth. That Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the the said Road from to Woreejier \% -the Road

Vol. 58. 3E * by

198

22°—23° Februarii. A. 1803.

by which the Towns of Birmingham, Sheffield, and the other northern parts of the kingdom, have a communication with Bath, Bristol, and the western parts thereof; and that, although by the said Act a preference was directed to be given to the said Road from to

on account of its great general importance, yet the directions so given have not been complied with; and that it is proposed by the said Bill to add to the Tolls of the said Road from Bromsgrove to Worcester, while the Roads which render an additional revenue necessary, are to be exempt from any increase: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, in respect of the Allegations above set forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, •their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

>uWii> A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of the

Petition! City °* Dublin, at Trinity Term 1802, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, two several Acts, one pafl'cd in the 26th year of His present Majesty, for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and the other passed in the 32d year of His Majesty’s reign, for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dub, and for amending the first-

mentioned Act; and that the provisions of the said recited Acts have been found to be totally insufficient and ineffectual, apd it will tend very much to the advantage and 1 convenience of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of

the District of the Metropolis, that the said Acts should be amended, and rendered effectual: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

* And it is referred to Mr. John Claudius Beresford, Mr.

Hamilton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,

!at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at Hilary Term 1803, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations it and prayer as the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the coni’ lideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding

H Petition is referred: And that they do examine the matter

if- of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear

f to them, to the House.

: Dublin Royal Mr. John Claudius Beresford presented to the House, »ny’$CBin,* according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending the 3relented. ’ several Laws now in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete a navigable Canal from Dublin to ! i Tarmonbury, on the River Shannon: And the fame was re-

1 j ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

; And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Februarii;

Anno 430 Georgii II1‘U Regis, 1803. Prayers.

Report from O IR Martin Browne F, from the Select Committee Fuaton* ij appointed to try and determine the merits of the Peti-Conunittee tioa of Richard Wilfrn, of Lodge, in the County of Herts, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and respeaing the V return for the Borough of Barnjfaple, in the County of Mr*:

Devon, informed the House, That the said Committee met ‘ " ,

this morning, pursuant to their adjournment of yesterday, '

when they received a Letter from William Baldwin, Esquire, '

the Chairman of the said Committee, dating, that he was '.

so ill as not to be able to attend the Committee this Morning; and that the said Committee then adjourned ' '

till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. , an.;

Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the: '; J

House information respecting the state of Mr. Baldwin's r

health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon -

oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw. £ j

Ordered, That the said William Esquire, be

excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee this Morning, and have leave to absent himself from any v-

further attendance on the said Committee.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, Greffulhe’* r to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. An Nat- Bill»

Act for naturalizing John Lewis Greffulhe, was committed; ^:

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com- -

mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; /

without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in ' 1

at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. y

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the:

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. ' -

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Lutterloh’* -whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ported'! and. for naturalizing John Henry Lutterlok, was committed; patted.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the - -

Bill, and. found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.:

And the said Bill was read the third time. i

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and Mauifton* .. _ improving, the Road leading from the Maidf one Turnpike 1 ’ . .,

Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent,; i'1

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 31ft year of Canterbury; the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ' :i

" making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the committed.

" City of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, v;

a and for repairing and widening the present Road from ' y

" thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of " Barham, in the County of Kent," and for making further and better provision for the several purposes of the said Act, was read a second time. . V-,

: Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William . '

Geary, Mr. Honyivood, &c.: And they are to meet this;

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon Leave^ramtd: the 15th day of this instant February, was made from the respeaing Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, Cold Ashton whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Inclosure* estates in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, was referred, might be again read.

And

r

-30 VjKO. 111.

23° Febru.

199

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given, on the door of the Parish Church of Cold Act ton, in the County of Gloucester, for three Sundays in the present month of February, and in the month of March next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 25.

The House was moved. That the Report which was, yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition inriofure of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto sub- Pttition,

. . feribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands 1*'committee

yrthPtrratt A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might samitttJ. ' anc* Common Arable Lands or Fields in the Parish of be again read.

\i.^i n .. ._ r '. r o ...... > r , ^\nd feme being read accordingly;

That the said Report be re-committed«

That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

North Perrott, in the County of Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore ton, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Jock In-Jtart Bill,

Stated*

Lord William presented to the House, according Mr. Atmefleypresented to the House, according to Order, to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway presented.*

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and from or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Common Fields, Common Pallures, and Waste Grounds, Town of Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the County within the Parish of Li/Jlock, in the County of Somerset: of Surrey, with a collateral branch from the said Railway

And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

!i!terand

ydaford jsls Bill, Kmed.

at or near a place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merst* ham, to or near to a place called Godstone , in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey t And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are Petition re* thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to ^fofno'

Me.

Ihiaa«c

the first 11 me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, interested in the Fens, and Owners and

r,

Mr. William Adams presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the 20th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter

Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford’s Park . , ..

Gate, to Biddaford; and also several Roads leading from put in execution an Act, passed in the 26th year of His Southwark Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch- Pavln*' line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for extend- ing, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and ing the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from places, within the Manor of otherwise called

the termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the 'The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester’s Liberty, in the Parish bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a place of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said other purposes, was presented to the House, and read; set-Counly of DevonAnd the fame was received; and read ting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the

House on the 21 ft day of December last, notices have been given three times, in the newspaper called The County Chronicle, of an application having been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, for the removal of present and pre-Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds herein after men- venting of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoy-tioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, ances, and for laying out two new streets, and widening and That an Act was passed in the 41ft year of His present regulating several other of the streets and passages within Majesty, for the better and more effectually draining cer- the said Liberty; for discontinuing the passage through tain tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Weft and Globe Alley, and for shutting up in the night-time the way Bast Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands leading from Street, in the said Liberty, to the River and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships, and fide, and for extending and enlarging the powers thereof, places, having right of Common on the said Fens, and other and obviating doubts therein, and also for granting to the Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining Commissioners authorized by the said Act further and thereto; and that the powers and provisions of the said other powers, in such and the like manner as notices arc Act are found to be insufficient and ineffectual for the pur- required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House, poses thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving,

Ihouldbe altered, amended, enlarged, and extended, for any City or Town: And therefore praying. That leave may the further and better improving, supporting, and preserv- be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. ing, the drainage of the said Fens, Low Lands, and Grounds: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- them, to the House: sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Sir John matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to derick, 8tc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at them, to the House: Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Sir GilbertHeathcote, Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

~ General Lennox presented to the House, according to Brigbtbeln*

Order, a Bill to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brighthelmflon, fton Chapel in the County of Stffex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

R, That the Bill be read a second time.

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

»of IWwttof sXptt.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Treasury, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ordered, That General Lennox be added to the Gentle- Member

US* I

[f-

An Account, Ihewinghow the Monies given for the for- men, whox are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, added to vice of the year 1802, have been disposed of; distinguished pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Per-

fons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of luclosure Bill.

osder their several heads, so far as relates to that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the fold Account do lie upon the Table. Voi. S8.

themselves and others. Owners of estates in the Parish of Ruftington, in the County of Sussex.

General Lennox, presented to the House, according to Bill, present«d Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open

200

23° Februarii

A. 1803.

SG

Open and Common Fields in the Parish of tjihigton, in the County of Sttffex: And the fame was received; and read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

n^lel'cy

'j ;.)ef

lines

ciiiion.

1

A Petition of Owen Williams, Esquire, Proprietor of

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there* ^’P inclosurt unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Owners ctltl0,x* of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Iflip, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

certain Copper and Lead Mines in the lile of Anglesey, on m Commons, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

and it would tend greatly to the advantage of the persons interested, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purpoks.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer ol" the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

behalf of himklf, and other persons interested in the Mines in the said lfhnd, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Acts have been passed, for allowing Drawbacks of the Duties upon coals uled in lmelting copper and lead pres in this kingdom; and that there are large veins or mines of copper and lead ore in the Isle of Anglesey capable ot yielding great quantities ot fine copper and lead, and which might be worked to great advantage if the Duty on all coals uled for the purpose of calcining, smelting, and refining, iuc-h copper and lead ores, and uled in lire engines, for draining water out of the said Mines, were allowed to be drawn back, as the said ores are lb poor in quality that they will not bear the expence of being carried to be (melted in Counties where coals pay no Duty, nor can they bear the expence of being fmclted there with coals chargeable with the Duty: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Mr. John Fare reported from the Committee, to whom Seidenstick-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reported^ naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seiden/hcker, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s "Fable.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to

pcartho and Xouth Road iPetuion.

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hugh’s, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart , Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend lor persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of George Tettnyfon, Esquire, on behalf of himself and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the llveral Pan flies of Waltham.,

Holton-le-C/ny, Waith. Grainjby, North , Ludborough,

Utterly, Fotherby, Brackenbury, and Louth, in the County of consider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wed

Lincoln, was presented to the House, and road; setting nelday last.

s P^'iiftns of £ STo Owners; ‘iniI ind Lan: .(ter.

Tonnage Duties.

forth. That the Road from Scartho, through the several other Parishes before-mentioned, into the said Parish of Louth, is in a very bad and ruinous condition, and in many parts thereof very crooked, narrow, and incommodious, and that the Statute work is insufficient for the repairing and maintaining of the said Hoad: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in Bill for widening, maintaining, altering, repairing, and supporting the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And tiiey are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being reflectively Owners, or part Owners, of British Ships belonging to the Port of And also,

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott have leave to go into Leave of the Country lor a fortnight, on account of his health. Absence.

Ordered, 'Phat Mr. Jekyll have leave to go the Western circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Raine have leave to go the N orthern circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges have leave to go the Western circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre have leave to go into the Country for a fortnight, on account of his health.

The I louse was moved. That the Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the

the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Account of

tt ,• , ... , , 1 r Money re-

House, by His Mr-jolty s command, ceivedby

An Account of Money received, and to be received, by certain Com-

the Commissioners appointed by flat. 35 Geo. III. cap. preened’

129, and of the appropriation thereof.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom "it is referred to

JppituSx, (iV 26.)

Petition of ' Cotton Ma-_ _ nufacturers in

Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, which was presented to Scotland,^ the House upon the i uh day of this instant February, and committee, then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordin:

■y\\r

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the subscribed, being respectively Owners, or part Owners, of matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to

British Ships, refilling at Lancaster;

them, to the House:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Ferguson, complaining of an Act, passed in the last Session, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of for imposing certain Duties on the Tonnage of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to Ships and Vessels: And praying for the repeal of fend for persons, papers, and records, the said Act, in so far as it imposes Duties on the

Ordered That Mr. Willi ant Dundas do make the Report Ro:i<

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several

Tonnage of British Shipping.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fie upon the Table.

Hull and

CarTni- Debtors Petitions.

A Petition of the Debtors in Hull Gaol: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors in Carlisle Gaol, in and for the County of Cumberland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

reported.

Freeholders, Proprietors of Land, and others, Inhabitants within the County of Berwick, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he

read

43 Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 201

hckfait

ClJl.

rcirck-

S-Bii

nd

)'j:t o:

■ v ri-d jV !G l.C*

r. j utTX

'A

tct

ncc*

read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Spotlifzvoode, junior, being examined, laid. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Edinburgh, and Greenlaw, and passing through the several places mentioned in the Petition, is in bad condition and repair, and in many parts during the winter, or in rainy fealbns, is im-paflabie for carriages; and that it would tend greatly to the improvement of that part of the country’, and be of great advantage to the trade, commerce, and agriculture thereof, if the said Road was effectually repaired, and kept in repair, and the necessary Bridges erected and maintained thereon.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and maintaining the Road brandling out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to and passing through

or near Jkornydike, Westruther, Hardiaw, Bed die/I, or the Koine, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick: And that Mr William Dundas and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Cufdtntion The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the (R»'r rite day of December last, lor taking into consideration, sa'htiti'oiis, upon Tuesday next, the several Petitions of the Persons (idffjHl. whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of Hereford, and who voted for the election of Members thereof, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into con-lideration upon Thursday, the 3d day of March next, at Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices \vere again sent to the parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

OMampton A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereto^ un*° subscribed, part of whom are Creditors, and part are Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town and Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the 22d year of 11 is present Majesty, an Act was passed for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, of the 33d year of his late Majesty, for repairing (evcral Roads ieading to the said Town of luuKpiou-, and that the Trustees have proceeded in repairing the said Hoads, and considerable linns of money have been borrowed at interest on the credit of the Tolls; which monies, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the directions of the said Acts; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in proper repair, and the money so borrowed, or the interest thereof paid, unless the term and powers granted by the said Act of the 22d year of His present Majesty, be further continued: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houfo: 1 And it is referred to Mr. Holland, Mr. Strange,

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingfofled Bill to continue and amend two Acts, fe- Weymouth verally passed in the ill and 22d years of the reign of His ^eg^RC0° present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and Bill, passed, through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and all'o the Road leading from the Parish of . Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset, was read the third time.

Refohsd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis ', and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Part of ode 6th day of December last, " That leave be given to bring p3rv^"’ " in a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and Bin,

" improving, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and dischargeJ. " Places, within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County " of Sussex, for removing and preventing annoyances, in-" croachments, and obstructions, therein; for establishing " an effective Police in the said Hamlet; and also for " establishing and regulating of a Market there," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that the Petitioners for the said Bill were delirous not to proceed upon that part of their Petition which relates to the establishing and regu- 1

lating a Market at Worthing-, j

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates thereto, be discharged.

Mr. Noel reported from the Committee to whom the Market Orton Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Sported!BU1; Common Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orton, otherwise Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes within the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had 1

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except a Proprietor of 19 acres and 2 roods, who refuse<J to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 1,718 acres and 3 roods; and that no person appeared before the Committee to'oppofo the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, 1

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act should be printed by the King’s Printer; and copies thereof, so printed, admitted in evidence.

And the said Claufo was twice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

?■ -A Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers

ci i of an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, and keeping in " repair, the Streets and ether public Passages and Places, " within a certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, " Che/fea, in the County of called Hans Town,

" and for otherwise improving the iamc," was read a le-cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holland, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 58..

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Bill, " Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pu- reported* nishing Mutiny and Defortion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the 1

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houfo; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

- 3 f.

m

23"—*24°

A. 1803.

mmittfeeon

:rtain

piping

atrs»

Ordered, Thatth* Order of the day, for the House tore-fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider of the Acts mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Resolutions, which were, yesterday, reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, Continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him ta report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re* Snooljr, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deferred, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty }

, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve

itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ways and Mtans, deferred

£;v,w

!:!jn r.:?: i

T:

II*..1-

;u

Ltldress sported, and zretd to.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

, 24° die {

Anno 43° Georgii III11* Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount reported to the House, That Tie King

, His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to attended i'1*

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Order of yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s the home, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer to Your House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Majesty our heartfelt congratulations on the detection and day, at three of the clock, at His Palace of Saint James. failure of an atrocious and treasonable Conspiracy dire died

against Your Majesty’s sacred Person and Government. Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Boulthnm

The wicked machinations, which, through the goodness Report was re-committed, which was made from the Com- Je-committed of Divine Providence, have been thus happily frustrated, mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Petition, afford an additional proof of the pernicious tendency of names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Owners and ^P011^ those detestable principles which are equally adverse to the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds thereinafter men-enjoyment of practical liberty, and to the existence of re- tioned, was referred; That the Committee had further gular authority, as well as destructive of the comfort and examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the security of all classes of society. House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been com-

We allure Your Majesty in our own name, and in that plied with, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply to of all the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Bri- Parliament for any Bill for the inclosure of the said Lands tain and Ireland, of the perfect and invariable attachment and Grounds until after the time for giving the notices of a loyal and grateful People; and that it is our fixed had elapsed} but it appeared to the Committee, that all determination, as it is our indispensable duty, to support the parties interested in the said Inclosure are consenting and maintain that form of Government, under which it is thereto; and that the Committee had examined the matter

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reve* rend Robert Sheffield being examined, said. That there are within the Parish of Boult ham, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open Commons, Fen Lands, and other Commonable

- {

‘Committee ' King’s * Message; -efpettinz . Prince of i Wales.

'i

our glory and happiness to live, and to transmit it unchanged and unimpaired to our defeendants.

The said Address being read a second time;

Resolved, Nemitie Contradicente, That this House doth figree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly Lands and Grounds, which, in their present state, are inca know His Majesty’s pleasure when he will be attended by pable of any considerable improvement; but, if the fame this House. were divided and inclosed, and specific allotments made to

the Petitioners, they would derive great advantages there-on ' The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- from: That it will be attended with great loss to the Peti-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- tioners, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill for effecting the fider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wednes- the purposes aforesaid in the present Session of Parliament, day last; Ordered, That, in Consideration of the circumfhmces

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s most gra- mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that no-cious Message to this House, of the 21ft day of May 1787, tices may be given on the door of the Parish Church of might be read. Boultham, in the County of Lincoln, for three Sundays in

And the fame was read accordingly. _ the present month of February, and in the month of March

The House was also moved, That the entry in the Journal next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament of this House, of the 24th day of May 1787, of the Address, for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition, agreed to by this House, to be presented to His Majesty, upon taking His Majesty’s said most gracious Message into consideration, might be read.

nd

Mr. Monckton reported from the Committee, to whom Ron

the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition, unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two Aifts, reported, passed in the ift and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of t

Stone, in the County of to a certain Gate in the; Borough of Stafford, called Gaol; and from a certain •Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they Gate on the south side of the said Borough, called Green 9 Gate,

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

T.rd.

:nd

ms

■rid.

" jf ioi*.

43 Geo. HI.

24"-—25’ FebruariL

Gate, through the Towns of Dunstone and Penkridge, to a The other Orders of the day being read;

Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, being Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to authorize the train- Militia

the First District: of Roads therein mentioned, was referred; ing and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for Twenty- ddcTred. " That the Committee had examined, and found that the eight days, be read the third time Tommorrow.

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report on had been complied with; and that the Committee had whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed Acts mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, Laws, > him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Resolutions, deferred. House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Corn-Wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame mittee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or

near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

*9

Veneris, 25° die ,*

Anno 43° Georgii III*11 Jtegis, 1803.

.id*

fetid tad Bill, ((ted.

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read And,

Mr. Francis Brookes being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great progress in the amendment and repair of the said First District of Road, and have borrowed and taken up considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the terms granted by the said Acts, so far as respects the said First District, be further continued, and the powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the ift Pk A y e r 3.

and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far rI 'HE hour appointed for taking into consideration invemefs, & as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of JL the Petition of General Sir fiettor Munro, of Novar,

Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, com- tonfidered. 1

Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate-, and from a certain plaining of an undue election and return for the Clals or

Gate on the louth fide of the said Borough, called Green District of Boroughs, consisting of Invemefs, Fortrofe, Nairn,

Gate, through the Towns 6f Dunston and Penkridge, to a and in that part of the United Kingdom called,

Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in Scotland, being come; 4

the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Monckton and The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the Mr. Sheridan do prepare, and bring in, the fame. places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members (

on the business of the House.

Mr. William Dv.ndaspresented to the House, according And being returned; to Order, a Bill for repairing and maintaining the Road Several Members were sworn* branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to

Greenlaw, and passing through or near shorny dike, Westru- Sir Martin BroWne Folkes, from the Se led Committee Barnstaple ther, Hardlaw, Bedjhiell or the Kaine, and Choicelee, to where who were appointed to try and determine the merits of E,e^'0"? * it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the Petition of Richard Wilson, of internun

the County of Berwick: And the fame was received; and the County of Herts, Esquire, complaining of an undue read the first time, election and return for the Borough of in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time, County of Devon, informed the House, that the said Select

Committee have determined,

Ordered, That Mr. William Dtindasdo make the Report That Sir Baronet, is duly elected

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough referred to take into consideration His Majesty’s most of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon; gracious Message of the 16th day of this instant February. And also, that the said Select Committee have deter*

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said mined.

Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had di- That the Petition of the said Richard Wilson, Esquire, reded to be reported to the House; which he read in his did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous

place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant a yearly sum or sums of tnoney out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, not exceeding, in the whole, the sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, to take place, and be computed from the 5th day of Ja-

M

fed B,;i, feted.

or vexatious.

And the faiij determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and three hundred and thirty-four Members being present; And the Petition of and

fluary 1803, and to continue until the 5th day of July Esquires; and also, the Petition of >806, towards providing for the better fbpport of the station Abraham, and the several other Persons, whose names are and dignity of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. thereunto subscribed, Complaining of an undue election The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon and return for the Borough of in the County

the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Cornwall; and also, the Petition of Sir John Newport, of Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refo* the City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining of an undue lusion: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. election and return for the said City, being also ordered Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Hawkef-to be taken into consideration on this day; h‘ry, and Lord Viscount Cqftlereagh, do prepare, and bring The several Petitioners, and other parties, in all the said

in, the fame. , cases, their counsel and agents, Were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petition of Sif Hector Munro into consideration, was read.

fen of

Sir William Eford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lairy, near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth; And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

Ordered, That -Mr. George Wood have ieavc to go the Northern Circuit! '

Vol. eft,

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read* in the usual manner.

And the name of John Fotiblanq, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying the Liskeard tledion, by the counsel for the Petitioners in that case*

And the whole number of forty-nine names being com-* plete, William Bejl, Esquire, wa4 nominated by the count'd for the Petitioners; and Robert Dallas, Esquire, by the

counsel

204

25" Februarii.

A. 1803.

iJ

Lifkcard

Election

Petitions,

considered.

counsel for the "fitting Members, to serve on the Committee fcl on the Lifheard election; and the door being opened,

-for trying the election for the Boroughs of Inverttefs, &c. the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

■Note, That in the course of drawing* the names, the

name of the Attorney General was drawn, who The counsel and agents, in the case of the election for ipvemefs, &c. Hated, that he conceived that the public bufmel's the Boroughs of Inverttefs, &c. being returned to the Bar, comm'it"* may suffer material inconvenience if he was to serve the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, de- appointor. ’ on the said Committee; and having verified the fame livered in, to the House, a reduced lift; to which lift, the

upon oath, he was excused; And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the

Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

William Praed, Esquire, Sir C Hawkins, Baronet,

Thomas Creevey, Esquire, French Laurence, Esquire, Philip

Dundas, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles Long, the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, Sir David Carnegie, Baronet, Samuel Smith, Esquire, James Archibald Stuart

counsel on the election for the Boroughs of Inverttefs, &c.; Worthy, Esquire, Robert Wigram, Esquire, Thomas Smith,

Esquire, John Sullivan, Esquire, William Befit Esquire, Robert Dallas, Esquire,

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the Boroughs of -ventefs, &c. were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

And the door being; strain locked;

the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the said Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Liskeard, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glades, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the qad year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of William Loft us, Esquire, being drawn, lie stated, that he had received a Letter from the Judge Petition of Sir John Newport, complaining of an undue Advocate General, to the following effect: election and return for the City of , was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, " Judge Advocate General’s Office, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in n Sir, > " ioth January 1803. order to form a third Committee, according to the direc-

" Having received a Special Warrant, under His tions of the said Act of the 42d year of His present '* Majesty’s Sign Manual, directing a General Court Majesty.

* Martial to be holden for the investigation of And the name of John Berkeley Burland, Esquire, being " Abuses represented to have been committed in drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, " the Levies for general Service in Ireland, I take the by the counsel for the Petitioner.

" earliest opportunity of acquainting you, that you And the name of Robert , Esquire, being drawn, " are appointed a Member of the said Court Martial: he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the

When a time can be fixed for the meeting thereof, counsel for the fitting Member.

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Waterford

- - - - 0 - - Fltctioa

Petition, considered.

which will be held at the Royal Hospital at C/ielJ'ea, 1 will take care that you have proper notice. It may, perhaps, be convenient to you to be informed, that, from the stage the business is in at present, I have no reason to think that you will be called upon immediately.

" I have the honour to be, &c.

Major General Loftus.'

Chef Morgan,

And that life conceived it to be the rule of the Service, for any Officer who receives such an order, to consider himself as upon duty from that time; and having verified the fame upon oath;

And the Question being put. That he be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the name of the Right honourable William Dundas, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee. by the counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the Proceedings of the nth day of this instant February, was excused: And the name of Lord Viscount Cafllereagh, President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the Proceedings of the 18th day of this instant February, was excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Master of the Rolls was drawn, who stated, that he conceived he could not attend the said Committee, without material inconvenience to the suitors of the Court of Chancery, or con-fiftently with his attendance at the Court of Appeals for Prize causes; and having verified the lame upon oath, he was excused: And the name of the Right honourable Charles Torke, Secretary at War, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 15th day of this instant February, was exculed: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or their returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in fourteen days.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel on the Waterford election; and the door being opened, the Parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

Kins’* '

A nf\ver to

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House attended His Majesty, yesterday, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

It is highly gratifying to Me to receive the

additional

proof, afforded by this dutiful and loyal Address, of the lentiments of My faithful Commons towards My Person, and Government.

The ardent and steady attachment of My People to Our happy Constitution is, under the favour of Divine Provi-

And the whole number of forty-nine names being com- dence, the best pledge for its security, and for the conti-plcte, lifts of the said names were delivered to the coun- nuance of the manifold blessings We enjoy.

jVlr.

' .1

43 Geo. III.

25° Fcbrua

205

dented.

.Slti

Mr. Porter p-efented to the I louse* according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, cleaning, watching, and improving, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Hamlet of Worthin, in the County of for removing and preventing annoyances, incroachments, and obstrudions, therein; and for establishing an effective Police in the said Hamlet: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

r*.lords A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller

L,r:.yttdto and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

B.tP.dric- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Kelt:ictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

(•—on h:' if ol

L-.'VII.Ul-i durere to

i'. i; Atl*

jdaa.JvlU.

liMir-l t. ai 'i

t

Non of

Ci' f.

ion

ndo;i,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and Mu-nulaftories, within the Counties of Somerfj, Wilts, and Ghncester, is referred, have leave to fit Tommorrow, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Lifceard election, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to a:cnd the said Committee, delivered in, to the House, a reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Lord Charles So?nerfet Manners, the Honourable Chappie Nortcn, Henry Fane, Esquire, Francis John Browne, Esquire, James Graham, Esquire, Thorn as Drake Tyrzvhitt Drake, Elljuirc, the Honourable John Cufl, Peter Patten, Esquire, Napier Chrijiie Burton, Esquire, Jofias Dupre Pore her, E: quire, William Loft us, Esquire, Charles Fcreker, Esquire, Edward Miher Mv.ndy, Esquire, John Fcnblauque, El quire, the Kight honourable William Dun das.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for Lijkeardwere Iworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the count'd and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the door; they were called in; and.

at the far, presented to the House,

*1a

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af-Lui bled.

And then they withdrew.

Arid the said Petition was read; taking notice of the Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand

of tl ie matters aforesaid, and against the said Bill, as it now

(lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said hill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by tiiemielves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instructkm to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

' o

Mr. Hemy Lascelles presented to the House, according Leeds Coai* to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the powers ot pr^nte<l. several Acts, made in the 31ft year of the reign ol his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th and 33d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of Pork, with Coals: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rtf jived, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Diekinson reported from the Committee, to whom Somertonan* the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-unto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts tion, reported ■thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders oi the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied wish; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followetii; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an act, passed in the ill year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roaus <e from Dyed Wav to Somerton, and from Gaze bridge to " Pint inhull Fords, and from a dream of water cahed Ford " to Curt gate, in Martock, in the County of Somerfd;" and alto, an Act, passed in the 23d year of the reign of His present Ma'p-fiy, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, were read :—And,

Air. Richard Teller being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the creditof the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, which (till remain due and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be properly amended, and kept in repair, unless the term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the powders thereof altered and enlarged.—And the witness added, That it would be a great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if a new Road were made from Martock through the several places mentioned in the Petition, to Whitecross, in the Parish of Lopen.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, passed in the ill and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gazobridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a dream of water called.Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of

through a

a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid common meadow, called Petherton Broadtnead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through part of the several Pari flics of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the

And that Mr. Diekinson and Mr.

Junction Cana? to"^ a^urther funfokmoohy.to Triable Somiftt; and also for repairingaiid widening tire Roads from them to complete the works authorized to be executed tn pursuance of the several Acts, palkd in the 33 ’

35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers and provisions of the said Acts; and letting forth.

That the Petitioners, under and by virtue of divers

Charters and Acts of Parliament, have the care and ma- n . r c

argument of the River Thames from Staines, in the County g J d e an(j bring in, the fame,

of Middle to the Sea, and of the improvement of the Core Langton do prep

navigation thereof; and that the reftnftions contained in f , Company Gf Proprietors of the Croydon Petition of

15* Acts. lor lire protection of he supply of water o fWe.and read I taking not.ee

the ICiver Thames, and other rivers and {beams cont 1 making and maintaining a Railway from or aeaj,(t Croy-

butory thereto, and also for ensuring a sufficent supply in of the BUI for making in the Town of M-

cases where thi said Company take any such waters for the from1 near a P^alled ^ ^. K.lwa} B.U.

of the said Canal, are wholly inadequate and inluffi- C- f A d\\2branch from the said Railway at or near a

Oent: And therefore praying, That adequate restrict 10ns wi , in the Parish of Merjiham, to or near

and provisions maybe introduced into the said Bill or p_ ‘ called in the Parish of all

those purposes; and that the Petitioners may be heard, y P county of Surrey; and setting forth, That the

themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, in support in t 1 n Q proposed

Vol. 58.

205

25° Febru

A. 1803.

SG;

proposed Railway would transfer from the Canal to

the Surrey Iron Railway, a principal part of that traffic, in pro'pect of which the Proprietors of the Canal have liable ribed a capital of /. 50,000, and have already expended a filth part ot tnut lum in its execution: And therefore praying, That the House will protect the just rights and interests of the Croydon Canal Company; and that they may be heard, by themselves, their counfei, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

and who Hr all not then be serving on Select Committees for trial ot controverted elections, to be set affile; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the iloufe shall think fit to appoint.

Rcforved) That, upon the report of the lift of the names of such abil-nt Members, the Members, for whose non-at-tendance on the appointment of the said several Sc left Committees, a fufllcient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without

until Lite laid bill be read a second time*, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, the special Order of the House, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the

Bil

against the said

tv appointed - ft cond hiding of

11.

‘tition of r. Michcll, .£3’nil ithe:ley [oorand aindrop cad Bill.

fame time, in favour of the said Petition

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday, the 14th day of March next.

A Petition of Charles Michel/, of in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and

read; taking notice of the Bill to continue and enlarge the

Defn niters Nor>e- on B Vi lot; to be reported.

Ordered, That the names of the Members who did not appear this day, on the appointment of the Select Committees, for trial of the several Petitions taken into consideration this day (which names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, upon Monday sevennight,. the 7th day of March next.

Ordered, That the Earl Femplehave leave of absence for Leave of1 a month, on account of his health. Absence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of

term and powers of two Acts, made in the 1 ft and 22d unto fubl'cribed, being Maltsters residing in the County of years of the reign of His present Majesty. for amending and Montgome, was presented to the House, and read; corn-widening the Hoads from the Turnpike Road upon Gather- plaining of certain lurdftiips which the Petitioners alledge ley Moor, in the County of York, to Slaindrop, in the they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike lload. near an Act passed in the last Session; And praying for relief.

Smallveays, across the River Fees, to in the said

County of Durham; and fettingiorth, That the Petitioner is the lole Proprietor of the Land on both Tides of the said Road from Gatherley Moor to the Northern extremity of the Township of Forcett, being above one-tlurd of the whole length of the lload above described, and has found, by experience, the carriage ol materials (on the performance

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of tire Proprietors of Cotton Mills at - petltio-i from rcc'.l, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, Holy«til. and read;' lotting forth. That an Act was passed in the left Session for the preservation of the health and morals of ticesA.-t. Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other

years, at me reUjUeu. ui uic nui- Manufacturers at large: And therefore prayi u tees, maintained the said part of the lload entirely at his Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, own expence, he has found the burden not sensible, and the costs virtually nothing, notwithstanding he has improved Air. Monckton presented to the I louse, according to stone nut the state of the lload; and that the Petitioner is deffious Order, a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Act?, to continue to maintain that part of the lload which pastes made in the 1 ft and 22d years of the reign of His present l'Ltei

through his estate at his own foie expence, subject to the punishment inflicted by the common Law if he should fail in the performance of his duty, leaving the receipt of Tolls burdened only with the maintenance ot lets than two-thirds, which, as the said lload is now' incumbered with a heavy debt, and great arrears of interest, will be a benefit to the Public, and to the Creditors; and that the said Bill is also defective in several salutary provisions necessary for the good of the community: And therefore praying, That provisions may be made in the said Bill for the purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, his counfei, or agent, against such parts of the said Bill as may aflcft him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill re committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his counfei, or agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counfei to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Call deferred. The Order of the day for the call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

Names of Members ab-lent at Ballots to be reported, &c.

Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of to a certain

Gate, in the Borough of Stafford, called Gate; and from a certain Gate, on the South fide of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dun,'}on and Peak- p

ridge, to a lload called Streetway, in the lload to hampton, in the said County of Stafford: And the fame was received; and read the firit time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Saint Ai'nn’s Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty cl Saint

Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel P’1 ’

thereof, and for more eiTeftually repairing the said Parish Church, was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church ot Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of A/dan, in

the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Grimjion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.:

Mr. Plv.merpresented to the House, according to Order, v.-Or.v

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosmp, and otherwise improving, the Waste and Commonable Land within the PlLU": ’ Parish of Nor!haw, in the County of Hertford ;And the fame was received; and read the Gi ft time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Refolded, That when the House shall have proceeded, upon Thursday next, to the appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Militia train-pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and ing of the ingrafted Bill to authorize the training and ex- r,ill>

the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for crcifing the Militia of Great Britain, for twenty-ei°ht days, that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every be now read. 0

Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

4^ VjEO. in. LZ5° Febmaru.

wji

The eounfel and agents in the case of the Waterford election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

• ,' r.l The Honourable Charles Lawrence Dundas, William Ralph Cartzaright, Esquire, John , Esquire, Lord Henry

Petty, John Pe dies', Esquire, the Honourable John William IP era, Charles Chapman, Esquire, James Esquire,

Sir Edward iVnimnyton, Baronet, John Hodson, Esquire, Fronds William Grant, Esquire, the Lord Binning, the Honourable Edward Monckton, John Berkeley Burland, Esquire,

Robert Ward, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue eieftion and return for Waterford, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the eounfel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Cnambers appointed for hearing liic trials of controverted elections.

Ti en the said Bill was read the third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain, for twenty-eight days.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lord, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Strachey have leave to go into ..set. the country for a fortnight, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Horrocks have leave to go into the country for twelve days, on urgent bulinel's.

r-.—, Sir Cirri, hopher Hazekins prefen ted to the House, accord-i ’in, ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the ift and lift years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Grampotaul, in the County of Cornwall , through the Towns of Saint A;fell and Left withtel, and thence to tiic Ealt end of the W'eftern Taphotfe Lane, in the said County; And the fame was received j and read the fult time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

pilorai A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Coun-:'r:' cil Ordinary and Extraordinary, for the City of Edinburgh, f v\h for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the said a‘c' City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it Isas become necessary to have a general system of Police established for the said City, Canongate, and,

Cnlion, Saint Ninian’s Roza, North Back of the Canongate, Abbay Hill, Saint James's Square, , the Easter and

Wetter Hoads to Leith, South Leith, Saint , Yard

Heeds, and Coal Hill, the Eight Di ft rifts on the South of the City, Weft Port, Fountainbridge, and all other places within the present Toll Bars erected on the respective high Hoads leading to the City, and also for North Leith and Citadel, and the Villages of Newhaven, Bonington, Canon-mi, is, Water of Leith, Refalrig Jock's Lodge, and bello, and to.have a permanent Magistrate or Justice of the Peace to superintend the whole, with proper powers, and to have Deputies where necessary; and that it has likewise become necessary to have regulations for cleaning and lighting the Streets and Passages within the aforesaid places; and that a proper number of Watchmen, both by night and' C;’.y, be appointed, and also regulations made for the apprehending and punishing of vagrants and disorderly persons, who cannot give a proper account of themselves, and also for the more effectual suppression of common begging, and removing all kinds of nuisances from the streets and roads within the above limits, and for other purposes, tending to the preservation of peace and good order within the City and suburbs; and that a 'lax be imposed upon the whole Inhabitants within the aforesaid limits for defraying the expence, under the administration of Commissioners; and ftiat it ts necessary to vest the Petitioners, the Lord Provost and Magistrates, with more ample powers for iiceofing, and Vo L.58.

making and enforcing regulations and fares for hackney 1

coaches, chairs, carts, Po ters, Meters of Corns, as wdl;

for Edinburgh as in their Port of Leith-, and that the In- ;•

habitants have been very much imputed upon in the weight of coals brought in carts to the ('it y, and adjacent places, and it will be necessary to authorize the Lord Provost and Magistrates to make and enforce regulations for that purpose, and also to take cognizance of bread, and to make ’t

and enforce regulations for making it of an uniform weight; and that it is also necessary to extend the Royalty over certain grounds lately purchased by the City, and other grounds on the North of the City, belonging to the Governors of George Heriot's Hospital, and the Trustees of David Steuart, Esquire: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be reierred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council Ordinary and Extraordinary, of the City of Edinburgh, for themtdves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom Buckkfoam, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths, £.c-Inclosur* Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several 1 ,reP01te Pari flics of Bu.cklejluvn and Foxhall, in the County of Suf- i

folic, was comir.itted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that,

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, 1

and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction ,|

of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, House- aglhlit Safnt holders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in PancrasPoor the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for providing ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the use of the said Parish; for raising money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the better relief, government, and employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other purposes; and setting forth. That the said Bill contains clivers powers and provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will prove very detrimental to the Petitioners, and to the management of the affairs of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, agents, eounfel, and witnesses, against so much and such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed that Mr. Allnutt, from the Abstractof *>’ Commissioners for improving and completing the ‘Thames

Navigation, attended at the door; he was called in; and, vigation, pre». at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the direc-tions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of an Account of all Money received anddisbursedby the Commissioners appointed for improving and j

completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, for the year 1802.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. (

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightdo make the Report from the Bedford Committee, to whom the Petition of the' Mayor, Bailiffs, Pa‘ing Pefi-

Burgesses, tJOft'reported

208 25° Febnitirii. A. 1803.

Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the fame Borough, was referred.

Mr. Wright accordingly reported from the said Com5-mittee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Theed Pearfe being examined, said. That the said Borough of Bedford is a populous place, and public markets have for time immemorial been held there on certain days in every week, and a public fair at divers times in the year: That the present Guildhall of the said Borough is in a ruinous (late, and the present market-places and butchers lhambles are inconveniently situated for the purposes of the market, and the passage along the public streets is greatly obstructed, and rendered inconvenient to Passengers and Travellers by the number of flails placed therein on market days; and great nuisances are frequently committed by slaughtering sheep and cattle in the said public streets or in places open thereto*, and that the several streets, lanes, and public passages within the said Borough arc in many parts incommodious to Passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, watched, or watered, and are subject to various nuisances and obstructions: That the present Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Borough of Bedford, is very ancient, narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and the piers of the said Bridge are so constructed as to impede the current of the said River in time of flood, to the great injury of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and the Public at lan e.— And the Witncls further laid, That it would contribute much to the benefit and convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to all persons retorting thereto, as well as to the increase of the trade and prosperity thereof, if the present Guildhall, market-places, and butchers (liam-bles, were taken down, and a new Guildhall and new mar-ket-houses and butchers shambles, with proper (hops and other conveniencies, were erected, and the streets and avenues leading thereto widened and improved, and if the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places within the said Borough, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, watered, improved, and regulated, and ail nuisances and obstructions removed, and prevented in future; and also, if the said Bridge over the said River Ouze was taken down and rebuilt, and proper avenues, ways, and passages, leading to the said intended Bridge, were opened, and made commodious.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and improving the Market-places within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and making proper avenues thereto; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the highways, streets, squares, and other public passages and places, within the said Town of Bedford, and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town of Bedford: And that Mr. Wright, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Whitbread, and Mr. Lee Antonie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday, last were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to brevived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed' him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several clauses in an Act, made in the 5th year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, 44 An " A(ft against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, 44 and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating 44 to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall be taken in at fca out of any ship or vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other lliip or vessel, or boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing ships; and whereby further remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for parts beyond the leas; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of ships outwards bound; and also relating to Hovering ships or vessels of the burthen of fifty tons or under; and also concerning the bales or package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Hum imported in calks or vessels not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several fub-sequent Acts, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1S02, and from thence to the end of the then next Sdlion of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain Coun-4C tervailing Duties, granted by an Act cl the thirty-seventh " year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 44 AH for carrying into execution the Treaty of Ami tv. Com- rncrcc, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and 44 the United States of America, to cease or be Impended 4C until the Twenty-fifth day of March 1803, under cer-" tain circumstances," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for allowing, 44 until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight 44 hundred and one, the use of Salt Duty-free in the pre- serving of Fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting 44 Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being imprefied 44 into His Majesty’s service; for discontinuing the Bounty 44 payable on white Herrings exported; and for allowing 44 a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or 44 fold for home consumption," as relates to allowing the use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, which was continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the 25th day of Alarch 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for the further encourage- ment of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, 44 for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more ef- feftual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said 44 Island," which was continued and amended by an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, and further continued by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, until the 5th day of July 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. ‘

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 23d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for the more effectual en- couragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in 44 Great Britainf which was to continue in force for two years from the ift day of January 1784, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several subsequent Acts, further continued until the 24th day of June 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, except so much thereof as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the importation of Brimstone uled and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

an

Coo

ftO VjEO. 111.

25°—28° Fchhiarii.

209

an Act, made in the 4th year of the reign of His present v Majesty, iniituied, " An Act for importing Salt from " Europe into tilt* Province ot Quebec in America* for a ft'

* inked time," which was to continue in force from the 24th day of June 1764, for the term ot one year, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, and which, by levelal subsequent Acts, wars further continued until the 24th day of June iSofc, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and tit to be continued.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the revival " of an Act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his <c late Ma icily King George the First, intituled, An Act for " the free Importation of Cochineal during the time therein li~ " mi:ed, and a'so for the free Importation of Indigof which was to continue in force, from the 24th day ot June 1734, for the term of (even years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the 29th day of September 1802, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Rcfok'cd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Srh year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the " clandtftwie Running ot Goods, and the danger of infec-" tion thereby; and 10 prevent ships breaking their Quarantine; and to liibjcft Copper Ore of the pioduftion " of the British Plantations to such regulations as other "enumerated commodities of the I.ke production are " which was to be in force for two years, from the 25th day of March 1722, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by several lubfcqu *nt Acts, xurther continued until the 29th day of September 1802, an . from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

RefCved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of in Ach made in the 8th year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, for the encouragement of the Si.k Manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking elf ievcnl Duties on Merchandizes exported, and fftr reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skin-, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for importation cf ah Furs of i; e product of the British Plantations into this kingdom u./y, and that the two Corporations of Afltrance, on any iuits bronchi on their policies, shall be liable

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supp.y granted to His Majesty.

Reflved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lluufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hoiffie adjourned till Monday Morning hext, Ten of the clock.

i-

W.iys anc NUmus, dekrivsvt. -

Petit; ion, determined.

Lima, 28° dieFehmaru;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP51 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. Praedy from the Select Committee who were Inverness,& appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of General Sir IE tier AJunro, of Novar, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, complaining of an undue election and return for the Clais or Hi ft rift of Boroughs, confiding of Iuverness, Fortrrje, Aturn, and Forres, in that part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Alexander Penrose Cuming Gordon, Esquire, is duly,

elected a Commffifioner to serve in this present Parham nt for the Cla.s or District or Burghs of Inventefs. Fortroje,

Nairn, and Forres, in that part of the United Kingdom -!

caded Sect'and.:

And also, that the Paid Select Committee have determined,

Td the Petition of t!.e fiid Sir Heciir Munro did not appear to tl.e laid Select Committee to be frivolous or v.xatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Charles Lavjrence Dundas, from the Select Com- Report from rnittee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the TiU’f°!ci

J V , -1 V. -r - I . r .-T'*1

•If bj

n 01 Sir John Newport, of t!ie City of Wate)ford,

Co.

>n

‘ee7 :Vn- th ■= or air

or<ly to fu!g!e d;

id calls of iliit, as relates to the

encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this kingdom, and to 1 he taking off levera! Duties on Merchandize ex-jx rted, which was to continue in force for three years, kom the 25th day of March 1742, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, Was further continued until the 2qtn day of June 1802, and from thence to the end of the Uc-n next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, so far as relates to the encouragement of ti;C Silk Manufactures of' tins kingdom.

Rfo/vedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That foniuch of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign ol His Dyknt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the regulation of <k Uiitihcrits in Scotland, and the exportation ofifr/V^-made Spirits Irom England to Scotland and from Scotland to Eng-

a 1 1 ~ # o # o

need, for a limited time," as imposes Duties on Spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called. ^cothuni, and imported from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, and which was to continue in force until the 1 ft clay m December 1795, and from thence to the e:1'! ft t'iic next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, in ti e 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, v,-,s hirther continued until the ift day of December 1802, from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parlj.-jnent, i> near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Graaed, That the said Report be taken into further confiueration upon Monday next.

lie other Orders of the day being read;

R fixed, That this liouie will, upon Monday next,

Vol. c8.

Baronet, complaining ot an undue election and return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Com- xarffi.-n vvin niiti.ee met this Morning, pursuant to their adjournment nhi^tun, of Saturday last, when they received an account of the ilineis of Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, the Chairman of the said Committee; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow. One of the clock.

And the House being informed that Sir Francis Mil man, a Physician, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the ft ate of Sir Edward IVinninglons health; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, be excusal for his not attending on the said Select Com- 1

mil tee tins Morning, and have leave to absent hiniteif from any further attendance on the said Committee.

The Earl of F.vflon, from she Select Committee appointed ReP°rt from 1

~ - Dunfermline,

&c. Election

respectm^a Witness hav- * ing; diiobeytc

:> Warrant, .1 &c.

to try and determine the merits of the Petition of the Honourable Captain Ah:;under Cochrane, of the Royal Committee, Navy; and ado, of the Petition of Sir Hcnderson,

Baronet, kve rally complaining of an undue election and double return for the Clais or Didrift of Birgits, confiding of Dunfermline, Stirling, Innerkand

Queens ferry, in Scotland, informed the Iloule, That he was directed by the said Committee to report to the House, that James Trotter, having been duly summoned by the

Speaker’s warrant, and also by an order, signed by the Chairman of the said Committee, to attend to give evidence before the said Committee, had disobeyed such warrant and order, and had not appeared in pursuance thereof.

Ordered, That the said James Trotter be, for his said offence, taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly.

The Earl of Ettston, from the Select Committee, ap- DunfWine, pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of El,.c'ti<m

3H the tummt

210

28° Februarii.

A. 1803.

the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane., of the Royal Morning pursuant to their adjournment of Saturday laftr Navy; and also, of the Petition of Sir John Henderson, when the Chairman informed the Committee, that lie had Baronet, severally complaining of an undue election and received a Letter from Lord Charles,

double return for the Class or District of Burghs, confiding dating, that he was too ill to attend the Committee this of Dunfermline, Stirling, Inverkeithing, Culrofs, and Queens- Morning,- and that the said Committee then adjourned

ferry, in Scotland, informed the House, That the said Select till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Committee have determined. And the House being informed that Mr. Young, an

That Sir John Henderson, Baronet, is not duly returned Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the House information respecting the date of Lord Charles Class or District of Burghs of Dunfermline, Stirling, Inner- Somerset Manners's health •, he was called in; and, at the keithing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, in Scotland. Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And also, that the said Select Committee have deter- And then he was directed to withdraw, mined, Ordered, That the said Lord Charles Somerset Manners be

That the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane is excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee ■duly returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Par- this Morning; and have leave to absent himself from any liament for the said Class or Didrid of Burghs. ‘

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Class or Didrid of Burghs.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petitions did not, either of them, appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

d:.r

I. a:

E:d

further attendance on the said Committee.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in Ex«erand the 20th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Wed fide of Lord Clifford's Parle Gate, to Biddaford-, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for extending the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes,

•jr.U

'ri

:rn

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- to a place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of

tend this House Tommorrow, with the lad return for the Class or Didrid of Burghs, confiding of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, in Scotland; and amend the fame, by rafing out the name of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, and what relates to him in the said return, and by making such other alterations as are proper -in consequence thereof.

Royal Assent ■to a Bill*

in the said County of Devon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Adams, Sir Lawrence Balk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. v

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Carmarthen larging the powers of two several Acts, the one made and

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black passed in the 3d year of the reign of His present Majesty, committed

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read-

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com- of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, term and powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amend-

where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, ing, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the

giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the care Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His and management of certain parts of the said Roads, and Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said

Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His County, was read a second time.

Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal High- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamlyn nets the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, See.: And they are

intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping " in repair, the high Road, leading from the fourteenth * mile done in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of " Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovaur, and from thence by Cled-" fulch, and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of Llandilo-

" vaur,'a.nd from the said Town along the Pod Road by " Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of " Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to " in the Parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the County of Pembrokethe other made and passed in the 24th year

Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord High

to meet this Afternoon, at Speaker’s Chamber.

Five of the clock, in the

Three several Petitions of the thereunder-signed Brewers, Petition*

Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, on behalf of themselves, and of others, exercising the trade

named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act to amend and continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts, of the thirty-feveoth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank.

General Norton, from the Select: Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Thomas

of Brewing; Beer,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duties on Malt and Beer, as giving the private Brewer an advantage over the common Brewer: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to Petition whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed Southwark

Report from

LilLcaul

committee, Sheridan and William Ogilvie, Esquires; and also, the Peti- to put in execution an Act) passed in the 20th year of I u ne u of Lord *’cn °* Samuel Mitchell, Joftah Abraham, and the several His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and r p c. s.wlmers. other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages severally complaining of an undue election and return for and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in- called The Clink, or Bishop of s Liberty, in the

formed the House, That the said Committee met this Parish of Saint Saviour in the County of Surrey,

and

J|J \JJSU. 111.

28° Febru

211

jod for other purposes was referred That the Committee Sml, Shepton, and to loin

had exammed the matter of the fold Petition, and had the Turnpike Road leading ftom to iL<^ Cd

dnetted him to report /tune, as lt appeared to them- from sJt Pai f | of th?lev" 1

to the House, and he read the Report in h,s place t and Parishes of Smh Parian and to "the

afterwards delivered it ,n at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Parish of all in the fL Counf"ofW/at

lame wa- read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Carter being examined, said. That in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 21ft day of December last, notices have been given three times in the News-

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Makers, Vendors, Compounders, and Retailers of Liquorice, or Pontefract Cakes, and Refined pon, drift

t: * •. . 1 *t» r n ../> n t u-.n. u:j: r>_».«...

c

'f

paper, called The County Chronicle, of an application having Liquorice, in the Town of Pontefrati, in the West Riding CaUes, &c.

been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill to of Torkj, was presented to the House, and read; com- c^Act.^ * explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, plaining of an Act, passed in the 4zd year of His pretent

for the removal of present and preventing of future en- Majesty’s reign, for impoling Duties upon certain Medi-

croachments, nuisances, and annoyances, and for laying cines: And praying for relief.

out two new Streets, and widening and regulating several Order That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, other of the Streets and Pafl’ages within the said Liberty,

for discontinuing the passages through Globe Alley, and for Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the 8 ill to am«nd (hutting up, in the night-time, the way leading from Clink Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the tion'caiua*' Street, in the said Liberty, to the River fide, and for Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of money, to Acts,

extending and enlarging the powers thereof, and obviating enable them to complete the works authorized to be report£d*

doubts therein; and also for granting to the Commissioners executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the authorized by the said Act, further and other powers, in 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign such and the like manner as notices are required to be of His present Majesty, and for amending, altering, and given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to enlarging the powers and provisions of the said Acts, was Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving any City committed; and to whom the Petition of his Grace George ~ Duke of Marlborough, and the Right honourable George

Earl of Macclesfield, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the

or Town.

The House was moved, that the Report which, upon the 18th day of December last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners

il.liti*

appointed to put in execution the Act thereinafter men- jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the tioned, was referred, might be again read. County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the

And the lame being read accordingly; County of also, of the several other Persons, whose

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occu-explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, piers of Houses, Mills, and Lands, adjoining to, and passed in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, Fisheries on, the River Thame, in the Counties of Bucks for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had heard lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the counsel in support of the said Petition, and had also heard Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee of Winchester\ Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for other purposes fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

1

in the said Act mentioned: And that Lord William and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

•"•lic. Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order,

Si fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of with the Chapclry

of Boddington annexed, in the County of Gloucester: And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill for amending, widening, repairing, and improving, fee Road from or from near to the Village of Glojfbp, in the County of Derby, to or near to , in the said County, and for making several branches of Roads to and from the same, was read a second time,

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to t he House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The T ords have passed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Helimers naturalizing Frederick Adolphus; to which the

Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

I '

■fmeat

Bill,

Suited,

wtu ivi utviuni^ aiiu aiiuiung <x tcilain vuuiniuii

Meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, See.: And they are to meet this After-n°on, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Keeper of the Privy Seal, and private Se- Communica-

cretary to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, acquainted the House, That the Prince has felt, whh the wale*.

the Alarquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this mod sincere and afteftionate gratitude, the gracious

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, purpose of His Majesty in recommending His present

A r;ii c,. a• -a■ j n . r> situation to the consideration of Parliament:—That, having

A/,11 for dividing and_ allotting a certain Common by the Vo[eJ of the House of Commons, the manner

in which they have received His Majesty’s recommendation, the Prince deems it incumbent on Him to express His warmest acknowledgement of their liberality. At the lame time, the Prince, though fully convinced of the propriety of resuming His State, and greatly regretting any 1U circumstance which tends to disappoint the wishes of His

•'■iRk w _ Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Majesty, or of the House, upon that subject, yet feels | r» a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and Himself bound explicitly to declare, that there are Hill enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, passed in the claims remaining upon His Honour and His Justice, for •‘t and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the discharge of which He must continue to set apart, in repamng and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to trust, a large Sinking Fund, and consequently postpone, merlon, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from until the period of their liquidation, the resumption of that rh rpni water calfed Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in State and Dignity, which, however essential to His Rank e County of Somerset-, and also for repairing and and Station, He knows, from dear-bought experience,

'V. ening the Roads from a place called Hurfi Bow, in could not, under His present circumstances, be resumed,

"stock aforesaid, through a common meadow called without the risk of incurring new difficulties. The Princ«

Merton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of thinks that He owes it to Himlelf and to Parliament, to V°l. J«. 6 mak.

212

28° Februarii.

A. 1803.

make this declaration to them with the fame distinctness as He dated it to His Majesty’s Government upon the first communication made to Him of His Majesty’s benign intentions. With respect to the Prince's Claim to an Account of the Revenues which accrued from the Duchy of Cornwall, from the year 1762 to 1783, however drong His confidence in the validity of His claim, a confidence fortified by the greatest legal authorities, vet, as He trulls that, through the gracious inter of His Majesty, and the liberality of Parliament, He shall be enabled otherwise to provide for those demands on His Justice which alone induced Him to assert His Right, He now cheerfully relinquishes His Suit, and has directed His Law Officers to forego all further Proceedings.

Instruction The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 35th refiv'c*int1: the yCar of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, C4 An

the Duchy of Cornwall.

Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by 44 future Heir Apparent of the Crown, and for regulating 44 the mode of Expenditure from the time when a separate 44 Edablishment shall be made for such future Heir Appa- rent," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inflruclion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolution which, upon Thursday lad, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of the 16th day of this indant February, that they do make provision in the said Bill, for repealing so much of the said Act as directs the sum of f. 13,000 per annum to be paid out of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

44 tional Duty on refined Sugars imported into this King-" dom," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, 'That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the 44 collection of 1 lis Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing 44 of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act, made in the 44 thirty-ninth year of the reign ot i 1 is present Maiclty, 44 intituled, An Act for continuing and amending fever a I Laws 44 relating to His IMajcfy s Revenue* and for the more effec* 44 tually preventing the Frauds therein, and the le-vera! Acts 44 and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by the 44 fa:d Act," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That, another Act of the dime Session, intituled, 44 An Act for granting to His 44 Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines in I lis Majesty’s 44 dores, or in the do;es or warehouse, of Dealers in, or 44 Retailers of Wine, at the time therein mentioned, and 44 for granting further Duties on Spirits dbtiiled, and on 44 Sweets or Made Wines, made in Ireland f might be read.

And the fame was read accordio dy.

The House was also moved. That another A cl of the same Session, intituled, 44 An AT la amend and continue 44 an Act, passed in the thirly-ieventli \var ot H,.s M deltv’s 44 reign, for collecting and to uring His Majesty's Revenue 44 upon Malt," might be read.

I o

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House wTas also moved, Tl'.at another Act of the fame SftTion, intituled, 4i An Act f 44 making perpetual, the leveri: Laws 44 Watch in lire I MR riel cl 1 he Metro;.

ing a mr;

O

D»

rv unon Av,v:

* amending, and for regulating the -'iS and for grant-might be read.

Ireland— Acc )unts, ordered.

Ordered, That theie be laid before this House, an Account of the permanent Charges on the Consolidated Coniuiidated Fund of Ireland, as they Hood on the 5th of January 1803, Fund. so far as the fame can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ab-strad of the Receipts and Iifues of the Treasury in Ireland, for one year, from the 5th ot January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803, together with the Remains.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Treat ury Bills of Ireland outstanding, that wili become payable in the year 1803.

Ordered, Than there be laid betoie this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, from the 2 jth of March 1800 to the id of January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports ot Ireland, for the year ending 5th January 1-802; specifying the several articles, and the Countries, and the value, and distinguishing the export of Native Products or Manufactures; and also (Jiilinguishing the Import and Export ot Foreign or Colonial Goods from British Native Products or Manulaclures, and their value respectively; together with the rate and amount of Duties, Bounty, or Drawback, paid on each.

And the lame.was rcml accordingly.

The House was rdf) mow.d, That another Act of the fame Sclll in, intituled, 44 An Ac

Majesty, His Heirs, and Succc

'iOIS

for granting to His , several Dufies there-

in

mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for

Receipts and lliucs of Treal'ury.

T re?, fury Bills.

Imports and Fxports.

D\

re:;

.1

Trait Revenue' Acts., to be cc nli tiered.

44 managing t.ie Stamp Duties," might b

And t ;c lame was read accordingly.

The House wa;, also moved, That another A Cl of the same Session, intituled, 44 An Art lor granting to His 44 Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, fcreral Duties there- in mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for 4C managing the Sramp Duties," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also m ;vcA That another A.el of the fame S.-ffion, intituled, 44 An Act to amend and explain " an Act, [). fled in the fortieth year of the reign of His 44 present Majftiy, intituled, An Aci for granting to His 44 Majrjh, His Heirs and Surceffers, several Duties therein 44 mentioned, to he levied hr the Commissioners for managing the 44 Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act of the fame Seffi m, intituled, 44 An Act for granting to His 44 Majesty, I lis Ileirs and Successors, certain Duties and 44 Rates upon the portage and conveyance of ail Letters 44 and Packets within this Kingdom," might be read.

And tire fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session. of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, 44 An Act " for granting for one year, the several Duties therein 44 mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

cc , a.1.. 1'___1 j /1 r 1 . * r tc a _ a r 1 r___ !■ ‘ i \..*: _ n^. _ 1 i

articles therein specified during the said term, and for " regulating the 'J’rade between this Kingdom and His " M.tjePty’s Colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

Ihe House was also moved, That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining the " stock ot Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in, and " Sellers of, such Wines, on the twenty-fifth of March one " thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain Duties " of Mxeile thereon; and for granting to His Majesty a " further Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on " the exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations " in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all other " Duties," might be read.

, And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act of the' fame Sciibn, intituled, "An Act for granting an addi-12

" An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imnerted " into Ireland* and fur granting other Duties in lieu thereof, 44 and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals 44 imported into Ireland" might be read.

And the fame was read according!'-The House was also moved. That another Act of the fame Sebion, intituled, "An Act to permit the Exportation ot Tea to Ireland, without pxymvnt of any Duty, 44 under certain rellrictions," might be. ra I.

And the lame was read according1}'.

The House was also moved. That anot her Act of the same Session, intituled, 44 An Act for granting to His 44 Majesty, until the twenty-hllh day of March, one " thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp 44 Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and 44 Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein 44 ‘mentioned, and for the relief of Penons in Ireland 44 holding obligatory Ipstruments, called Kerry Bonds,

44 which

" c1 Ac

s

.. \f

I . - \

•XxJ Vi V/• 111.

'£&' f'ebruarn.

" which have been executed without being duly damped," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was atfo moved, That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the " twenty-fiiin day ol March one thousand eight hundred " and two, so much ot an Act, made in the present Session " of Parliament, as permits B>Hops to be imported " into Ireland at a low Hate of Duty," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That An Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of " March one thousand eight hundred and three, several " Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ;•

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Report of further confident! ion the Report from the Committee of fUrthereon-* the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny fuk-red. and Delation, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further confederation.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

and granting Duties to His Majesty in Irelandmight faitl Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the

be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported " into, and exported from, Irelmight be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act to repeal the additional

Quel lion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next*

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Mind-Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Duty of Six Pounds per centum on the Duties payable pursuant to the directions of several Acts of the Parlia-on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods nient of Ireland,

imported by Retailers or Containers, and for repealing The Twenty-seventh Report of the Commissioners of Commissionei and reducing certain Duties on Policies oflnfurance and Account ot Ireland; together with eighteen several Ac- 0 Account#

referred to in the said Report: And also,

toort of

Itolters Ki'nes on Dr

Coventry, kc. Eton Committees, tbtned.

Sea Insurances, in Ireland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for Mr. Speaker to report to the House, the names of the Members who did not appear upon Monday last, when their names were called, on the appointment of the Select Committees, for trial of the several Petitions complaining of undue elections and returns for the City of , and for the

Borough of Bridgewater, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Counts, ictcncu iu in me uuu Ltcjjuii . rum auw, f

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Commissionei National Debt, of all sums which have been paid to the <^J^iU0Iud i Bank of Ireland on their account, and of all Debentures or c Stock which have been redeemed or purchated by them,

together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the times;

of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame, and of the several prices paid for the same.; together with a general State of the Fund, specifying whether any, and what Money still remains unpaid to the Bank on their account, or lies there unapplied by them; and also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the account y of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of

Ifircof

A*toce.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce have leave to go into the the country for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Hulkeshave leave to go into the

country for a month, on account of his health.

JDi fpo/J r ior^ of Grants,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make the said Report upon the Sums recei ved and paid, and the Stock pm . haled for this day sevennight. each Loan; also an Account of the whole Expence attend-

ing the execution of the Powers verted in them, and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by then.

Mr Crofton also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing how the Monies granted for the Ordered, That Mr. James Lowther have leave to go into service of the year 1802, for that part of the United King-

the country for a fortnight, on account of his health. dom called Ireland, have been difpefed of; distinguished Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondeley have leave to go into under the several heads: And also, the country for three w'eeks, on his private business; he An Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury Receipts and 1 having already served in this Session upon the Select Com- ip Ireland, for one year, from the 5th January 1802 to the 1

5th January 1803; together with the Remains: And also, reaury*

An Account of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, Treasury that will become payable in the year 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The Accounts referred to in the said Report are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session;

■ !i

mittee for trial of the Dunfermline, &c. election

Ordered, That Mr. Timothy Shelley have leave to go into the country for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Dallas have leave to go the Western circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley have leave to go into the country for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, Tint Mr. Newton Fe/lowes have leave to go into the country for a month, on account of the illness ot a near relation.

Ordered, That Mr. WatkinWilliams Wynn have leave to

go the Oxford circuit#

and the said Report and the other Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix, t.

(No. 27.)

.C*l"»ft(eon

Hktvtnue

Bi!j.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better feeuring the freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ihe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

V°l. 58.

The House being informed that Mr. Af- Accounts of

fistant Ialpeftor General of the Imports and Exports of lmPortsand Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at Ireland! the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

Two books, entitled, " Imports and Exports of Ireland,

" from 25th March 1800 to the ift of January 1801 And also,

Two books, entitled, " Imports and Exports of Ireland " for the year ended 5th January 1802 :" And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for the year ending 5th January 1802, specifying the several articles, and the countries, and the value, and distinguishing the Export of Native Products or Manufactures, and >aHb distinguishing the Import and Export of Foreign or

31 Colonial

214

28° Februiirii.

A. 1803.

Colonial Goods from British Native Products or1 Manufac- Mr. Samuel , Surveyor to the said Road, being exa-

tures, and their values respectively; together with the rate mined, said. That it is necessary that some part or £arts of and amount of Duties, Bounty, or Drawback, paid on each, the said Road should be paved.

And then lie withdrew; and the Titles were read. , That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-

Ordered, That the said Books and Account do lie upon tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, the Table. of two Acts, passed in the ift and 23d years of the reign

The said Books and Account are preserved amongst of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and repair

4j'

P'T

hridon Road

detition,

•eported.

ing, the Road from the North-east tide of the Street

Road, next in the County of Middlesex, and near

to the Road called over the Fields and

Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog House Bar, and at and from the Dog House Bar to the end of cuting the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred 1 That Chfwell Street, by the Artillery Ground: And that Mr. Byng

the other Papers of this Session;

Lord Granville Leveson Gozoer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for exe-

"L:

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts,

and Sir Francis Rurdett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Counter* Bill to alter and enlarge the powers of three Acts, made in Brentfon?1 the 7th, 31ft, and 35th years of the reign of His present Roads Bill, Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that part of rcP01ted. Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounfloiv, to the Powder Mills in the Road

passed in the 2d and 23d years of His present Majesty, to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrook, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County to the old District of Road described in the first of the of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycotl-in-the-Moors, said Acts, was committed; That the Committee had exa-and from Wet ley Rocks to Fean, in the said County of mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Stafford, was read :—And, - be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

, Mr. John Crufo being examined, said, That the Trustees, Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they appointed by the said Acts, have proceeded to put the had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in execution, and have borrowed a considerable sum Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

, of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of the reign

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, groflfed.

be

m-

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Harrow and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

h

•‘i\

- I/'

of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and alter- within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex, ing, the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to was read a second time.

Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from -stone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Fean, in the said County of Stafford: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do pre-- pare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Francis Burdett, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for

paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherways improving, Kensington Square, and Young Street,

Goswell Street Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the and James Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish committed, ^pQ^j lUon* Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto of Saint Mary Kensington, in the County of -

subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution two dlesex, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoy-Acts, passed as thereinafter mentioned, was referred; ances, and encroachments therein, was read a second time.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr: Byng Sir Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills Francis Burdett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

1

and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for providing Ground, and erecting a Work-house, for the use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the c^Jitted. County of Middlesex; for raising money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, for the better relief, government, and employment, of the passed in the ift year of the reign of His present Majesty, Poor of the said Parish, and for other purposes, was read

• . •. 1 1 tc a Li c 1 * 1 r 1

intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and repairing " a Road from the North-east side of the Goswell Street " Road next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and " near to the Road called Fhe New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog " Hoxfe Bar, and at and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery And also.

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several s*et-t,1ittrefer. Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf rld*"n’a of themselves and others, Householders and Inhabitants of Counfei or-

an Act, passed in the 23d year of the reign of His present the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and were read :—And, then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be

Mr. John Miles being examined, said, That the Trustees read a second time, might be again read, have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have And the same being read accordingly;

borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

of the Tolls thereby granted, which money still remains sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com-

dered.

due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said

mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, their counfei, agents, and witnesses, before the said Com-

Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered mittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. and enlarged.—«Then, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

28° Februarii.

215

*HO KjKO, ill.

mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the called The Redcliff, into the said River,

/aid

fame time, in favour of the said. BiJJ, against the Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

puhiin koadN Bill,

ptknted.

below the high Land at a certain place called Totter dozen, by erecting a dam and overfall across the said River at or

near Redcliff aforesaid, and another dam across the lame River at or near Temple Meads, below the junction of the how old course of the said River, by making an entrance baton and locks in Rownham in that part of the

Parish of Clifton which lies in the said City j another entrance bason and locks at Trim Mills, between the pro lent and the intended course of the said River, and another

iniffj

if: lid

Buckkth.'im, ic. lacldure liU, passed.

vrd,

Mr. Hamilton prefen ted to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Ad " for making, widening, and repairing, public Roads in the " County of Dublin, and for repealing parts of several Acts dam with'tide-gates and other necessary works across the " formerly made for that purpose:" And the fame was said River at or near Engine Mills, between the Parishes of received; and read the first time. Saint George, in the County of Gloucester and Brijlinglon, in

Resolved, That the BiJl be read a second time. the County of and-by cutting a canal, aqueduct,

or feeder, and other necessary works from, at, or near the An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Engine Mills aforesaid, into the present course of the said the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within River, below the intended dam at Temple Meads aforesaid, the several Parishes of Bucklesham and Foxhall, in the and that it will be of great public utility if the said last-County of Suffolk, was read the third time. mentioned canal, aqueduct, or feeder, were made navigable

I he Amendment following was proposed to be made to for boats, barges, ships, and other vessels, by which means the Bill; vtz. the navigation between the said City ol Brijioland the City

Pr. 12. I. 34. After " Manors" infort " the Impropria- of Bath will be greatly facilitated.

" for of Tythes ari/ing in the said 1 Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table;

" Parish of Fox hall'

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Mr. James Graham prelenfed to the House, according to in.

order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor p een e

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, of Dalffon, in the County of Cumberland: And the lame

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Panlhesof Bucklesham and Foxhail, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Middleton do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bnffol

forhourand

r‘ ^ra?Ie reported from the Committee, to whom the twiPetition Petition of the Mayor, Burge and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their common leal, of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the said City, under their common leal, and of the several Persons, wh ofenames are thereunto subscribed, reftding in or near the said City, was referred; That the Committee

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

1

Mr. Madocks reported from the Committee, to whom Carnarvon the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- reported unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners and re-cora-of Estatesj or Inhabitants within or near the several Parishes mitte£,« or Places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Biils, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de

Iivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Glynn Griffith being examined, said. That the amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing.

House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; except that one of the notices was not inserted in the newspapers until the month of October, the precise oh,'eft of the application for the purposes mentioned in the Petition not having been determined upon until it was too

late to give all the notices within the time required by the and keeping in repair, the Road leading from said Standing Orders,- but it appeared to the Committee in the Districft of Llun, in the County of Carnarvon, through that notices were duly and regularly inierted in The London or near a place called Bodvean, in the fame

Gazette, and twice in fix different county newspapers in County, to or near the Village of Z/j/nj/7vWwy, in the lame the month of September, and also in three different county County, and from thence through or near the Town of newspapers in the month of October; and that the Com- Criccieth, the Village of Penmorfa, and a place called Cerrig-tniltee had aho examined the matter of the said Petition, y-R/nvydwr, in the same County, to join the Turnpike and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to Road leading to the Town of Bala, in the County of them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; rioneth, at or near a place called in the same County,

and afterwards deliveredit in at the Clerk’s Table: Where and from the said place called Tan-y-Graig Bodvean, to the the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Town of Pwllheli, in the said County of Carnarvon, and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jffop, from thence to or near the Village of Llanyftymdwy afore-

an Engineer, being examined, laid, That ships and other said, and from or near the said place called

vessels lying at the Quays in the Port of Bristol, are by the Rhw through the Village of Beddgelert, in the County feflux of the tide left dry, in consequence of which great of Carnarvon, through the Vale to join

injury and damage are frequently done to such ships and the Turnpike Road leading from Bangor Ferry, in the said

vcUt-Is, and many Foreign vessels, and others of a sharp County of Carnarvon, to. or near Pentre in the

construction, are prevented coming into the said Port, and County of Denbigh, at or near a place called Capel

fl at there is not in the said Port fuftfeient depth of water in the said County of Carnarvon, through the several Past neap tides to navigate ships and vessels from the said rifties mentioned in the said Petition, will be of great benefit, and attended with much convenience and accommodation to the Petitioners and others, the Owners of Estates or Inhabitants within or near the said Parishes and Places: That such new Road will open a better

w communication than there is at present with England, and

removed out of danger in case of fire, owing to their being between various other parts of the Principality of Wales, left dry, and very heavy Losses might arile therefrom in and will also be of great public utility.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-commit Ordered, That the said Report be re-committdd to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Petition for iinto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, pavision' Owners of estates and Inhabitants within the Counties of

Carnarvon

Quayb down the River Avon to the sea, or to bring them lip on their return, whereby favourable winds are frequently k>ft, and great expences, delays, damages, and Joftes, are incurred and full fined; and that, at or near the' time of low water, ships and vessels lying in the said Port cannot be

case of fire happening among the houses in the said City, and great inconvenience and Joss would be experienced from the want of water; and that the dangers and inconveniencies aforesaid may in a considerable degree be remedied by cutting a new course for the said River Avon, on Ihe Somersetshire fide of its present course, from a place VOL. 58.

_______k

216

28° Februarii—1"

A. 1803.

Carnarvon and Merioneth, was presented to the House, and Ordered, That the said Mr. Leycjon Gower be excused read; taking notice of the above application; and setting for his not attending on the said Select Committee this forth. That it would be of great public utility if a Bridge Morning; and have leave to absent himself from any fur-

ill for confo-<!ating Iridi lilitiit Acts, eferred.

Report oh ertain Expir-

fired.

Laws, de-

mpply, decried.

"Ways and leans, deterred.

was erected and built across the lliver Aberglaflyn, other wise called the Hevynant, with a proper and lutiicient causeway,

embankment, and other works, from the end of the said Bridge to a place called Tnysfordd, in the Parish of L/an-frothen, in the said County of Merioneth-, and that the River (over which the said Bridge is intended to be built) is the boundary between the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and is, at certain seasons of the year, by reason of high tides and floods, rendered impassable, and dangerous to cross; and that the making of such Bridge and embankment will be the means of opening a shorter, better, and more commodious communication than there is at present between the said Counties and England: And therefore praying, That provision may be made for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Report is re-committed; and that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into one Act, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon this day fortnight, the 14th day of March next.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

ther attendance on the said Committee.

A Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of several Leeds Coals Acts, made in the 31ft year of the reign of his late Majesty coj^|-ttaj King George the Second, and, in tire 19th and 33d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging and altering the powers of, and ren- Edinburgh dering more effectual, several Acts of the 24th and 28th Koi-’s Bill, years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th, 25th, 29th, comnutteJ-and 38th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Sir George Douglas,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Grampound Road Bill, committed.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the ill and 21ft years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Gram pound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujielland Lojand thence to

the Fall end of the We Hern Taphouse Lane, in the said County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to Petition of whom the Petition of the Persons, whole names are there- Cotton^Ma-unto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in ;n Scotland, Scotland, was referred; 'That the Committee had examined reported, the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to , report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered

1 1 * r . 1 1.1 T 1 a if in of fnA I I n irl/ |-\ 1 to \ \ r\ Ary 111 r\ n . r\

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mart is, 1° die Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

1 Dunfermline, vc. Return . mended,

mime, f'T'HE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according ture, trade, or business, in —t

jim JL to Order, amended the return for the Class or Dil- Mr. Archibald Campbell being examith

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and

is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling dilputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England, was read; whereby a cheap and luminary mode was established for settling by arbitration all such dilputes :—Another Act, passed in the same year, to repeal an Act to prevent unlawful Combinations among Matters and Workmen, and to substitute other previlions in lieu thereof, was also read; whereby certain provisions are made for settling disputes among Mailers and Workmen engaged in any manufac-

And,

amined, laid, That, in all

trift of Burghs, confiding of. Dunfermline, Stirling, Inner- matters of dispute which arise between Mailers and Work-keilking, CiUrofs, and Queensfeny, in Scotland. men engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, the

Workman must either submit to the Matter, or he is liable to Sir Ralph MiVoanke, from the Select Committee ap- be harassed and distreifed by proceedings at Law, of which pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of he has not the means of affording the expence; and that it John Agnew, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Chubb, is extremely desirable that a proper mode should be devised j',.'speeHng the William Ford, and James Mills, Inhabitants and Electors which may prevent abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in m!■'Lcvdbn the Borough ol Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset} Scotland, and which may arile therein; and that it would

severally complaining ot an undue election and return for have a tendency to accomplish these ends, if the said Acts the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Com- of the 40th year of His present Majesty were extended to mittee met this Morning, pursuant to their adjournment Scotland, with inch additions as are necessary to give efficacy of yesterday, when they received an account of the illness thereto, and to prevent abuses, and also with such alterations ol Edward LevcfonGower, Esquire (one of the Members as the Laws and local circumstances of Scotland require, of the said Committee); and that tire said Committee then Mr. being also examined, confirmed the

adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock. above evidence;.

And the House being informed that Mr. Blackett, an Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for pre-Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the venting abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and House information respecting the state of Mr. Leveson for settling dilputes which may arise between Mailers and Gower's,health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, exa- Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture: And that mined upon oath in relation thereto. Mr* William Dundas, Mr. , and Sir John,

And then he was directed to withdraw. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

Report from

I'c’-ridgjewater

Election

Committee,

• Gower.

mo vjftu*

V Marti!.

217

Diinfcc’d

Bridge

Petition,

rrporttd.

Mr. William Divides reportedfrdtn the Committee, to and passages within the aforesaid places, and thrtt a proper

'Cecil

whom the Petition of the Most noble John Duke of Atholl, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the relative to

Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

number of Watchmen, both by night and day, be appointed , and a If)regulations made for the apprehending and punishing of Vagrants and difordefiy persons, who cannot give a proper account of themieJvesj and also for the more effectual suppression of common begging, and. removing all kinds of nuisances from the streets and roads

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; within the above limits, and for other purposes, tedding to

the preservation of peace and good order' within the City and suburbs; and that a Tax be imposed Upoh the vVhole Inhabitants within the aforesaid limits, for defraying the expence under the administration of Commissioners.—-And the Witness being further examined, {hid, That it is

m

e:;,

iiiUtil

(I ,\lh rJ

•'4

;c3.

Jimbirgii

Police

JVtitiotis,

Kpitfed.

and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s '1 'able: Where the fame was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Alexander Frafer being examined, fin’d. That the Petitioner is

the foie Proprietor of two Ferries on the River Fay, near necesshry to veil the Petitioners, the Lord Pro void, and to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, called Magistrates, with more ample powers for and

The Fern of Invar, and The Lower or Enf Ferry, together making and enforcing regulations and fares for hackney with the lands on both tides of the River at each of these coaches, chairs, carts, Porters, Meters of Corns, all as Ferries: That, for want of a Bridge over the said River, well for Edinburgh as in their Port of That the In-

the communication is at all times liable to unavoidable habitants have been very much imposed upon in the danger, arid travelling from the northern to the lout hern weight of coals brought in carts to the City and adjacent parts of the kingdom rendered leis commodious, even when places, it will therefore he necesshry to authorize the Lord it is not greatly protracted: That, with a view to obviate Provost and Magistrates to appoint every cart to be weighed these dangers and inconven'iencies, the Petitioner is induced at ftillyards to be erected for the purpose, and to exact for to undertake the building of a Bridge over the said River each cart a small sum of money, sufficient for the payment say, at or near to the said down of Dunkeld;and, upon of persons for superintending the weighing and keeping the completion thereof, and being authorized, to levy repair the ftillyards, the money to be repaid to the drivers and collect a Toll or Pontage towards defraying a part of of carts by the consumers and purchasers of the coals, and the expence, to suppress the aforesaid Ferries. to make and enforce regulations for that purpose.1—And

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill forena- the Witness further laid. That it is necessary to authorize bling the Mold noble John Duke' of Athol/, and his Heirs, the Lord Provost and Magistrates to take cognizance of

to build a Bridge over the River Toy, at or near to the bread, to make and enforce regulations for making of an Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and make Roads uniform weight at whatever the felling price-may be, whe-of communication thereunto: And that Mr. kVilliamther baked in Edinburgh or the suburbs, or brought there Dundas, Mr. Robert Dwtdas, and Mr. Thomas Graham, do from the country: That it is also necessary to extend the prepare, and bring in, the fame. Royalty certain grounds lately purchased by the City,

and other grounds on the north of the City, belonging td Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to the Governors of George Her id's Hospital, and the Trustees whom the Petitions of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and of D

Ordered, That the said Report do lie ppon the Table.

Council, ordinary and extraordinary, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, were severally referred; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City ‘'buUoI but it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners did Bristol, under their common seal, of the Master, Wardens, ^jj0Ur and not conceive that any of the-regulations prayed for, and and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the said City,

The House was moved, That the Report which Was, ye ft Leave granted terday, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

which relate in general to the internal policy, good order, and government of the said City, fell within the spirit or intention of the said Standing Orders, and that several of the matters contained in the laic! Petitions were not finally agreed upon between the Magistrates of the said City and the Inhabitants thereof, until after the time limited for giving the notices had expired; and that it would be attended with very great inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said City, if the several regulations prayed for in the find Petitions were to be deferred until the next Ion of Parliament; and that the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to re-

under their common seal, and of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, redding in or near the said City, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in confederation of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given three times, in the present month of March, in the newspapers called The Bath Chronicle, The cester Journal, and The Bristol Journal, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Ah ingrafted Bill to alter and enlarge the powers of Counter’s

‘ ‘ - ' of the and

or me Breiltf.,rd

po t the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House;

and be read the Report in his place; and afterwards deli- three Acts, made in the 7th, 31ft, and 35th years

vered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways R^sBUt, read: and is as followed); viz . from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish

inhabitants therein, suburbs thereof, and places adjacent.

Jt has become necessary to have a general Ivftem of Police

cftiblished for the City, Canonga teand Cation,

to Colnbrook, and several other Hoads in the said County,

so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts, was read the thiid time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Add that the Title be. An Act to alter and enlarge the powers of three Acts, made in the seventh, thirty-first, and thirty-fifth years of the

'W»/raia ns Roza, North back of the Conongate, Abhaykiil,

Sn. a James's Square, Picardy, the Falter and Welter Roads

to Leith, South Leith, Saint Anthony's, Yard Leads and Coal-

b-d, the Fight Districts on the louth of the City, //< jireign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways b'oyt. Fuun/ainbiidge, and all other places within the pre- from that part of which lies in the Parish

' ..-iw/wnu M....... r

lentToll Bars eroded on the respective high Roads leading to the City j and also for North Leith and Citadel, and the tillages of Ncvehaven, Bonington, Water of

Benh, RJialrig, Jerk's Lodge, and Portabciio; and to have

a permanent AJagistrate or Justice of the Peace do super-Jutenci the whole, with proper powers, and to have Deputies where necessary: That it has likewise become'necessary to have regulations for cleaning and lighting the streets

Vol. 5s.

of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through

the Towm of Breutford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District ol Road described n the first of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

3 K Mr.

<218

1" Mart

A.1803.

Borough-bridge Road Kill, Wporttd.

Worsley

Roads

Petition,

reported.

grafted.

General Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers of Estates near the places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

Mr. Burdou reported from the Committee, to whom the within England and which was presented to

Bill to continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three Houte upon the 21ft day of February last, and then or-Act, made in the 16th and 22d years of the reign of his late dered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

Majesty King George the Second, and in the 24th year of the And the same being read accordingly }

reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Read Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

front Borough bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the the same County, and from i[\tncz\oPierJbridge,oT\the River matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to Tees, was committed; That the Committee had examined them, to the Houte:

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Burdett, &c.: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, a ltd And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to reeled him to report to the House; and he read the Re- lend for persons, papers, and records, port in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Mr. Alexander, according to Order* reported front the irish Revenue Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally better securing the freedom of Elections of Members to put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. serve in Parliament for any place in , by disabling

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- certain Officers employed in the collection or management

of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such elections, was committed* the Amendments which the Committee had ntadc to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and aftefwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cletk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and House relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question with, owing to the neglect of the Printer of the paper in severally put thereupon, weie agreed to by the House. which the notices of the intended application to Parlia- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-ment were to be inserted, who, instead of publishing them grofied.

three times in the month of September lait, inserted them O. That the said Bill be read the third time upon on the nth and 25th days of September, and on the 2d Thursday next, day of October last} and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into RceP^n°* him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the further consideration the Report from the Committee of Expiring House} and he read the Report in his place; and after- the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws, wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Acts mentioned in the first, lccond, third, fourth, sixth, fame was read} and is as followeth; viz.seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Refolmions,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Com-Boyd being examined, laid, That the Road leading from or mittee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or , near to a certain place in Worjl'ey, in the Parish of Eccles, near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to in the County of Lancaster, called Worjley Mill, through time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived,

Worjleyaforesaid, and also through Little Hu/tonand Fam- continued, or made perpetual.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instructioa. who ate appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the filth of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Pi:

4

* bz

- P-

Ua

Vi:;

Lr

r.j

'.-4 , 11

worth, both in the Parish of Dean, in the said County, to or near a certain place in Farmvorth aforesaid, called Gate, is in a ruinous condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers: That the said Road, at or near Moses Gate aforesaid, communicates with the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to which is

amended and repaired under the powers of an Act, passed in the 32d year of His present Majesty } and it would be of great convenience to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Road were properly amended, widened, altered, and improved, and put under the care and management of the Trustees for executing the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

1.... v. -

N,

Leave of Absence.

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Petition of Coroners

respecting

refer, ed to a Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen Williams have leave of absence for a month, on his private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane have leave of absence for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr . Blackburnof Newport have leave of

absence for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinnairdhave leave of absence for ten days, on account of the death of a near relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden Loveden have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Chore: And that Mr. GartIjhore, Sir Philip Stephens, Mr. William Eliot, Sir Thomas Trot! bridge, Mr. Markham, and Sir Evan Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being His Majesty’s Coroners, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of the several Counties and Liberties 6

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Prince of House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity On His Royal Highness the Prince presented. of Wales, during the period therein to be mentioned, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as directs the payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act: And the fame was received } and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

tu VTJ&V. XXX.

2° Mar

219

Mercurii,2*

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, i

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: p Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

R 1R s' . then a time, orte by one; and, upon the Question

"f~L j enlarging^ the term and powers of two severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

~ 11 ' r Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

Srone and i . — # c? o ----- —~~ i'~-----

uifoni Road xjL Acts, made in the ift and 2 2d years of the reign of ^fitted. His present Majesty, to far as the same relate to the Road leading from the down of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate; and from a certain Gate on the South tide of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the 1 owns of

respe^Hni

Edinburg

<*rsBi4

«ci

The was mdved, That the Report, which was.

yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- for Notlc n,ua, ~t,a . t> -3i. twr» . tions of the Lord Pro volt, Magistrates; and CounciJ,

S"ft?,’ ° 3 *oad,"ll"l Stnaam, in the ' ordinary and extraordinary, of the City of BJmlmrSli, for r«to-5?IIS " "* f3ld CoUDty of and on behalf of the Cointunily of the said

Kiiu , City, »ere severally referred, might be again Ldi

Refill, J, flat the Bill be committed to Mr. Monckm, And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That in contidefation of the cirCumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given at the next Quarter Sessions of

the Peace to be lden in and for the City and County of the City of Edinburgh, and altb three times in the pretent month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, in tome One newspaper pubtithed in the

Mr. Sheridan, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

and Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to WMti o w^onl Petition of several Traftees for putting in execu-itfarui‘tl0D’tion three teveral Acts, one of them made in the 31 ft year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, and

:r\ *— ~r~. j ‘"V.u, K, «,u f id Cj f the appJication to parliament for the pur-

die others nude n the toth and }zd years of Hu prefer, . m’’mioned j, X m fcyeml Petitions.

Majesty s reign, to enlarge the term and powers of the r

»rt d lain

&C35*

first-menrioned Ad, to far as the fame relates to the Road from Zt?(?f/f to Wakefield, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And,

Mr. Thomas Bolland being examined, said, That by the first-mentioned Act, the Road from Leeds to Sheffield was made two separate Districts, the first: District including tuch part of the said Road as lies between Leeds and Wakefield, and the Other District such part of the said Road as lies between Wakefield and Sheffield, and separate Tolls were

granted within each District, and directed to be applied towards repairing the Road within the District in which they were collected; that by the said Acts, pasted in the toth and 32d years of His present Majesty’s reign, the term and powers of the above first-mentioned Act:, to far only as the fame relates to the Road within the said first Ditlrid,

were enlarged.-—And the Witness further said, That a con- ±u l|)C ^JK&lllua9 ur Inc iaKI remion,

siderable sum of money hath been borrowed, and is now said. That the present

Clue anrl nwiner rmnn tli/* rr^ritt nr thp InilQ ni 11 hnriT’prl - 0 ——

due and owing upon the credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road within the said first District, which money cannot be paid off, and the Road effectually amended, and kept in good repair, unless all or feme of the Tolls are increased, and the powers of the said Acts, so far as the tame relate to the Road within the said firtt District, are enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed in the 31 ft year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the 10th and 33d years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of f ork: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles-and Mr. Wilberfoi ce do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Mr. Mrndy reported from the Committee, to whorii the Willington Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of;

and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose reporifd! names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates; 1

or Inhabitants within the County of Derby, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply to Parliament for a Bill until it was too late to give the notices, as required by the said Standing Orders; but it appeared to the Committee, that the matter was laid before the Court of Quarter*Setfions at Christmas last for the County of Derby, and was una ' mously approved of, and that a subscription has firtce been entered into to the amount of about £.6,000; that the country very much wish for the Bridge, which, if not built, will be of the greatest inconvenience to the Inhabitants of fifteen adjacent Pari foes, and to the Public; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John

commu» 1

-■ Gfe’s

■•'Ground

fill,

, "IMed,

nication between the Parish of Willington, in the County of Derby, and the Parish of Repton, in the same County, and to several Roads which lead from the Towns of Derby* Ashborne, Ultoxeter, and various other’ places in

the Counties of Derby and Stafford, to certain Collieries and Limeworks in the said County of Derby, and the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, and various other places in the County of is by means of a certain terry over the

River Trent, calte&tPil/ington Ferry; that such forty is at all rimes inconvenient, and sometimes dangerous; and that the Petitioners conceive the communication between the places above-mentioned would be rendered life and convenient, and that great advantages would arile so the Inhabitants of the several Counties of , Stafford, and Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, Leicester, and to the Public in general, if a Bridge were to whom the Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground erected over and across the River Trent, at or near the said for the Parish of Saint Gilit-in-the-Fields, in the County of ferry.

Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Pannes, in the County of Middlesex, the Trustees of the new Mr Mreported from the Committed, to whom the kirk tretori Burying Ground, and other Inhabitants of the said Parifo, Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto p"f,t°£"pe whole names are thereunto fubforibed, on behalf of them- subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and reporttS* selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the lame Parifo, Grounds within the Township of Kirk Ireton, in the County was referred; That the Committee bad heard counfol in of Derby, and the Township of Callow, in the Parish of support of the said Petition, and had allb heard counfol in Wirksworth, in the same County, was referred; That the favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had Committee had examined, and found that the Standing examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had to be true; and that the Committee had gone through not been complied with, the Petitioners not having re-Voi. 38. -

2° Afar

A. 1-603:

solved to apply to Parliament fur any Bill for the Inclosure until the month of December last; but it appeared to the Committee, that the whole number of Proprietors interested in the Inclosure are 85, out of which 75 have ligned the Petition; that 7 other Proprietors are consenting, but have not signed the Petition, and that the remaining three could not be met with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Cmfo being examined, said. That there are within the said lownship of Kirk!nton, and Township of , a certain Common or Wade, called Callow , and other tmall pieces of Waste.Ground, which, in their present date,

in the 2 }th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Cat hi rick, in the same County, and from thence to Pier/bridge, on rfie River Tecs, was read the third time.

Rcfo'vcJ, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue and enlarge the terms and powers ot three Acts, made in the hxfeenth and twenty-fecund years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from in the County of York, to Cr.therick, in the iaine County, and from thence to Pierjhrith re, on the River Tecs.

-1 o

Ordered, That Mr. Pardon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,'the Open Ripr>ingalf, Common Fields, MeadGWs, Fen YVaftes, and other Coin- &cK|]"tlo/'ir*

are incapable of any considerable improvement; and that monable Lands, within the Pari (lies of and committed.

if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific allot- " J: - -r r-■ 1:

ments made to the several persons interested therein, they would derive great advantages therefrom.

Ordered That the said Report do'lie upon the Table.

t it ion of

A Petition of certain Members of the Royal Canal

the'n* Company, was presented to the House, and read; taking . __________ __________

L'ompany, notice of the Bill for:alt«ring and amending the several feribed, being Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and Common ap|Xat?o!>

Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln, was read*a second time. -

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burden,

Mr. Sib thorp, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon*

at Five of the clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petit ion of the Persons, whose names are thereto sub- Petition

triin ft Dublin i<nai Canal ill I

Laws now in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company rights, in and over the Open and Common Fields, Failures, for ciiamty to complete a navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarm onbury, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of on the River Shannon; and setting forth. That the Peti- Chamey, in the Parish Of Lory worth, in the County of

tionors, as partners in the said undertaking, apprehend Berks, was presented to the I louse, and read: taking notice the House will not vary the terms of that agreement, by. of the application for have to bring in a Bill for the Inclo-which they were induced to subscribe their money, with- sure of certain Lands and Grounds within the said Manor out-the consent of all who are interested, or obliging those and Hamlet, or for leave to give the usual notices, required who feck to force their consent, to refund to them the by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of money they have advanced: And therefore praying, That Inclosure, for the purpose of obtaining the said Act: And before the House pal's the said Bill, they will ftricUy en- praying,"Hut the House will not giant leave for giving the quire into the waste of the enormous lum of public and laid notices, or for bringing in any Bill, in this SdTion, for private property, amounting to more than half a million effectuating the said Inclosure, or that the said Bill may not ot money, by which this great and promising National un- pass into a Law.

1

foirj.t'm } v'gi.s Jiiclo-I uif Roads | Kdl,

(: n 11 j 1111 c cf

dertaking, trom which such good was expected, and from which so much might , have been derived, is now, at the end of twelve years, lb little advanced, and even threatened with immediate ruin.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open " Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste " Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the " County of Bedford" and to give powers for the making and completing of certain Roads let out by the Commissioners acting under, and by virtue of the said Act, was read a second time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ofliorn, Mr. S'. Undrew Sf John, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Morton Pitt, presented to the House, according to East stower

.] Inclosure Bill* . inc presented.

3, in the Parish of East Stozuer,

allotting and inclosing,

Order, a Bill for dividing Common and Waste Lan«. otlicnvifc Slower Erjl Siuwcr, in the County of Derfet, And the func was received; and read the ir.il time. Rcfy/ved, Phut the Bill be read a second time.

[Tome, according to Irirti Courts lis Majesty’s Courts

Che Lorils iiv«! passed

forties tial. Bill.

ill read.

orfh.'uv Tn. oil: re Bid, »m:uiUcd.

Mr. Etkcivd Lee presenteft to the Order, a Bill to render the proccis of 1 of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland^ more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefb; and \o repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the a i fie and nd years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging the time for trials by Ni/i Reins, in the City " and County of Dublin, and for making the process of the " Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to com-A Me 11 age from the Lords, by Mr. Ordand Mr. Wilmot: polling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions:

-lv

h

Mr.-Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole du Pre' de Saint Maur North, his wife *, to which the Lords define the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Wade and Commonable Land within the Parish of NorthazVy in the County of Hertford, was read a second time.

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Committee, Report from appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Mdlijhy Esquire; and also the Petition of Robert Election Sezvell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election ^aing^ and return for the Borough of Great Grin:say, in the witne.s •County of Lincoln, informed the House, That he was directed by the Committee to report to the House, that John

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Broaden, Half being called as a Witness before the said Committee,

ilt.e Road I, passed.

Mr. Bouverie, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the terms and •powers cf three A<5ls, made in the 16th and 22d years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and had given cotradidory evidence, and was guilty of grols prevarication and misbehaviour; and therefore that the said Committee had, acceding to the power given them by an Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the lurther regula-" tion of the trials of controverted Elections or Returns ot

" Members

‘ ’k

40 LxiSO.

2° Martii.

221

" Members to serve in Parliament;" committed the said Ordered, That leave be given to bring, in a Bill for more

~ , t r m . , i I. _ cv * . _ n.. «a n rl P, i i! q nf

Hand committed to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms Mr. and Mr Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in,

attending this House; and that Air. Speaker do issue his the lame.

fan of Ab-jtncc.

warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Air. Benuet have leave of absence for a fortnight, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. IFilbrahamBoothe have leave of absence

fora month, on account of the i'Jrscfs of part of his family. Ordered, That Mr. Brandling have leave of absence for a

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Prn«<-ing of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the commit:* period therein to be mentioned, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as directs the payment of Thirteen thousand

month, on his private bufnels; he having served upon the Pounds out of the Revenues of the Ducny ol Cotnwndto

1 r\ P * 1 r 1 /-* f!. a /am a rn rtr\nA< n f/ir} Kff f A I rl A /"I" P.P LV I

lltlcililf

J^tci

:T. o

PTtf

:itr.

Sefetft Committee for trial of th Dunfermline, See. election..

Ordered, That Mr. Manning have leave of absence lor a week, to attend the Alb zes lor the County of Hertford; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Barnjiaple election.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith have leave of absence for a week, to attend the Albzes lor the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin have leave of absence for ten days, to attend the Albzes for the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir William Curtis have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

the Commissioners appointed by the said Adit, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mutiny BiJi p.ufcil.

JrrtntJ-

Accuuntt

preicoted.

Cri'niffion-n of Ac-

Account* united by Korn-ciiSoners.

fiirrrs on

Coaioj'diUd

fund.

(No. 28).

The House being informed that Mr. Croft on. Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Commissioners of Accounts, from the 5 th day of January 1802 to the 5th day of January 1S03.

Mr. Croft on also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift cf Officers whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts in Ireland; and also a List of Persons accountable, before the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts, for money im-prested on Account, and for extraordinary Services in Ireland: And also,

An Account of the Permanent Charges on the Confo-Jidated Fund of Ireland, as they Hood on the 5 th of January 1803, as far as the fame can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the first of the said Accounts and the said Lift do Jie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to contider of several Acts made in the last Selfton of

the Parliament of Ireland, and in the 41ft and 42d years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland.

The first of the said Accounts is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Se/bon; and the said Lift, and the other of the said Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do puss: And that the Title be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

t

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee o solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences Account of of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable Extraonlma-the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the Amy, re' 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of December 1S02, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself in to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cor.fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

hwittaon i'.‘" Avenue Aa,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the last Selbon of the Parliament of Ireland, and in the 41ft and 42d years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish Offenders, called Chaikers, in Ireland:And that Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, Mr. Cony, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. fickham, and Lord Viscount Dunlo, do prepare, and bring *n, the fame.

Vol. 58'.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, forthwith, Returns of Returns of the number of Freeholders registered by the ^umbt-rof Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties dif-

tinguishing the number of each clals of Freeholders so re- ordered. giftered, viz. Fifty Pounds Freeholders, Twenty Pounds Freeholders, and Forty Shillings Freeholders; also, specifying the dates of the years of registry, and the number registered in each year respectively.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve v/nj-s and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtiier of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted * '

to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

222

3° Mar

A.

•re foi\! iliire action \ mryn and

Anno 43

Prayers. rPHE hour appointed

Jovis, 3° die Martii;

Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

for taking into consideration

JL the Petitions of the several Persons, whole names are

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petitions, com-* plaining of an undue election and return for the County of Hereford, into consideration, was read.

And the counsel for the Petition of Morris and others, Rated, that there were two Petitions under consideration; the one of them being a Petition of certain Electors com-

ititionr.,

mlidered.

kc. thereunto respectively subscribed, being Freeholders in the plaining of the election and return of Sir George Ccrnewall

lrport from , Vji2rlo!'d •'Lotion ..•■mm i tree,

•eipectins; the ip^ointment :i Commission to ake Evidence hi Ireland*

County of Hereford, and who voted for the election of Members thereof, complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

Several Members were sworn.

Mr. Charles Laurence Dundasfrom the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir Jehu Nezcport, of the City of Waterford, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, informed the House, That the Committee had made some progreis in trying the merits of the said Petition, but the parties before the Committee having applied for a commission, under the provisions of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the trial of controverted " elections, or returns of Members to serve in the United " Parliament for Ireland and it having appeared to the Committee, from the nature of the case, and the number of witnesses to be examined relative to the Allegations in the said Petition, that the fame cannct be effectually

only, and the other of them being a Petition of certain other Electors complaining of the election and return of Mr. Cotter ell on lv; and that the allegations contained in the said Petitions, were distinct from each other, and referred to the election of the fitting Members respectively; and that therefore, the two several lets of Petitioners having no common interest, the counsel desired, on the part of the Petition of Morris and others, that they might be at liberty to appear as a separate party from the other Petitioners: And the counsel for the said other Petitioners, and a!so the counsel for the fitting Members, were heard in answer thereto.

And then the counsel withdrew some way from the Bar.

And the said Petitions were read.

And an Act, made in the nth year of His present Majesty, to explain and amend an Act, made in the preceding Session of Parliament, for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was also read.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petitioners be at liberty to appear as separate parties, on distinct interests;

It passed in the Negative.

And the counsel being again called to the Bar, Mr.

inquired into before the Committee without great expence Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution

and inconvenience to the parties, the Committee have thought it necess '-y to order, and they have accordingly made an order, for the nomination and appointment of Commissioners to examine evidence in Ireland respecting certain fafts, allegations, nutters, and things, referred to the said Commissioners, and specially assigned and limited in and by the said order: That all the parties interested in the find Petition have agreed in nominating three Bar-rifters, qualified according to the provisions of the said Act, and have ligned, and delivered to the Chairman of the Committee, a list of the three Barristers so agreed

Then the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of the Right honourable John Stewart being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be appointed for trying the election for the Burghs of Stranraer, &c. by the counsel for the fitting Member in that case.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, John Chrifian Curzven, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioners; and the Right honourable William Windham, by the counsel for the fitting Members,

upon, and contenting to act, who thereby, and by virtue to serve on the Committee for trying the of the said Act, became, and are the Commissioners for election.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the

the execution of the said order: That the Chairman of the Committee has issued a warrant, under his hand and seal, directed to each of the Commissioners, so appointed as aforesaid, commanding them, and each of them, under the penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to repair to the said City of Waterford, on Wednesday, the twenty-third day of March instant; and has acid re lied to the Chairman of the said commission, a true copy of the Petition referred to the Committee, and of the lifts and statements of the parties delivered to the Committee, together with a true copy of the Order made by the Committee as aforesaid: Thar the Committee have gone through all the other parts of the said Petition (except what have been especially

name of John Markham, Esquire, one of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, being drawn, he Rated, That, under the present circumstances of the Board of Admiralty, he conceived it would be attended with considerable inconvenience to the public Service, if he was to serve on the said Committee; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members having voted at the election, or being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counselon the Herefordshire election; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

said

(excep

rclerred to the said commission) and the Committee humbly ask penniffion of the House to adjourn, until such time as Mr. Speaker shall, by his warrant, in manner directed by the said Act, direct the Committee to re-assemble.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have leave to adjourn, until Rich time as Mr. Speaker shall, by his warrant, direct the said Committee to re-assemble.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and ninety-eight Members being present;

And the Petition of John Milford and Henry Swann,

Esquires, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Coruzvall;and for the further regulation of the trials of controverted clcc-

also, the Petition of Robert Fans Ague :o. junior, of Sheuchan, tions or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, complaining of an undue election and return for the Dif- And the whole number of forty-nine names being com-trift of Royal Burghs in Scotland, confiding of Stranraer, plete. Lord Robert Spencer was nominated by the counsel Wigton, Whithorn, and New Galloway, being also ordered for the Petitioners; and Benjamin Hobhonfe, Esquire, by to be taken into consideration on this day; the counsel for the fitting Members, to serve on the said

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in all the said Committee, cases, their counsel and agents, were called in. Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the

conlulered.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the

Petition, complaining of an undue election and re- petition, turn for Penryn, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the lame glades, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 4.26 year of His present Majesty,

name

b.

Gooools.

fy) 111*

name of the Right honourable Henry Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the nth day of February laR, was excused: And the name of Lord Viscount -reagh, President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of Indiawas drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 18th day of February laR, was excused: And I the names of several other Members were drawn,

who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned againR.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Penryn election; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

• Stranraer, It. The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the said Petition, complaining of an undue election and return noMieitd. for the Burghs of StranraerSec. was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame giatfes, the names remaining therein, in I order to form a third Committee, according to the direc-

! tions of the said Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, the Honourable Robert Dtmdas was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioners, to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Charles 2'orke, Secretary at War, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 15th day of February laR, was excused: And the name of Richard Neville, Esquire, was drawn; who Rated, that for many years paR he had been subject to a violent inflammation in his eyes, which had greatly injured his fight, and that he thought he should receive material injury in that respect by his attendance on a Select Committee; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, w'ho were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned againR.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the cledtion for the Burghs of Stranraer, Sec.; the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew.

North Pen-ott Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom ^ureBiH, the £|]j for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields in the Parish of North tott, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that-the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one ty °ne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

1 were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Po^c, Mr. Henry Lafcedes reported from the Committee, to fciWure ’ whom the Petition of Sir John Legard, Baronet, and '‘Sl William Legard, Clerk, the only Persons intereRed in the

Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Vol. 58.

223

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, the application for inclosing the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the Petition not having been determined upon until the time limited for giving the notices was elapsed; but it appeared to the Committee, that the persons intereRed in the Lands proposed to be inclosed are only two in number, and have signed the Petition; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bell being examined, laid, That there are within the Townships of Ganton, Potter, Brompton, and Binningtoti, in the County of York, certain open and uninclosed Arable Meadow and PaRure Grounds, containing 3,800 acres or thereabouts, which, in their present Rate, are incapable of j

any considerable improvement; but, if the lame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, great advantage would be derived therefrom; and that It will be attended with great loss to the Petitioners, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Inclosure in the present Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Herefordshire Herefordftir e!ection, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to c^mittee attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a appointed.’ | reduced life; to which liR the Nominees being added, the fe

lame was called over; and is as follows:

Robert Uniacke Fitzgerald, Esquire, the Lord,

Hans Hamilton, Esquire, William Dickinson, junior, Esquire,

Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet, Thomas Thoroton, Esquire,

Henry Thornton, Esquire, George Baillie, Esquire, Lord Vise j

count Sudley, Thomas Bligk, Esquire, William,

Esquire, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Baronet, the Honourable Henry Caulfeild, John Christian Curweti, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Seletfl Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Hereford, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual

manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Penryn election, Penryn being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Eieftio.n j the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced ^.pointed'’ ‘ liR; to which life the Nominees being added, the fame was j 1

called over; and is as follows:

George White Thomas, Esquire, Dugdale Stratford Du?- '■ dale, Esquire, the Honourable Janies Butler, the Honourable John Vaughan, William Smith, Esquire, of Norwich, the Marquis of Tilchfield, Robert Steele, Esquire, Richard Gervas Ker, Esquire, Sir Edward Pel/ew, Baronet, the Honourable William Wellesley Pole, Lord Charles PIairy Somerset, the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, the Lord Nliford, Lord '

Robert Spencer, BenjaminHob house, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Seled Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of '

an undue election and return for Penryn, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing '.

the trials of controverted elections.

A Petition of the Apothecaries, ChemiRs, and DruggiRs, Petition of of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to ^of WeitS the House, and read; complaining of an Act, passed in minster, e the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for im- aga'nft Medi-poling Duties upon certain Medicines: And praying for cme relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, , j

3° Martii.

{j

224

3° Mar.

A. 1803.

India

aunts,

red.

ave of uience.

sport

uppJy.-

Army Extra-trdiariries.

eport on iik Revenue £ls.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable amount of the Revenues and Charges in India, for the year ending the 30th of April 1803,

together with the Interest payable upon the Bond and other Debts, the amount of Commercial Charges, and the Supplies to Bencoo/en, Prince of Wales's and Saint

JAelena, according to the latest advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Profit and Lois on the East India Company's Sales in England, exclusive of Spices, and other profits,

for four years, ending ift of March 1802, with other payments in England deducted therefrom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the amount of the Bond and other Debts due by the Company in India, together with the Interest payable upon the fame, by the latest advices.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pitt have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount have leave of

absence for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Mervin Archdall have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Lord William Stuart have leave of absence fora fortnight, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake Garrard have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wickham, Mr.

Attorney General of Ireland, Mr. and Lord VII-

count Cajllereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the laftof the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Corry, Mr.

Wickham, Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, and Mr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions Be printed for the Resolution* Members of the House. to be Pnnted

Defaulters

> on

Ordered, That the names of the Members who did not appear this day, on the appointment of the Select Com- °^tss°'to be mittees, for trial of the several Petitions taken into con- reported, lideration this day (which names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, upon Monday next.

The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being Call deferred, read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Consideration 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of John Maitland, petitions, de-Esquire; and also, the Petition of Henry Guy, Henry Poole, ferred. and the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue election and

Ordered, That Mr. Dupre have leave of absence for one return for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of

week, to attend the Affixes for the County of Buckingham, Ordered, That Mr. Stuart Wortley have leave of absence for a month, on his private business; he having served upon the Seletft Committee for trial of the Inverness, &c. election.

Ordered, That Sir Michael le Fleming have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One million Thirty-two thousand One hundred and fifty-one Pounds Four shillings and Eight Penqe, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid from the 23th day of December 1801 to the 24th

Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into con- . fiderathn upon Thursday next, at Half an hour alter Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the Consideration 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, Pe'a

upon Tuesday next, the Petition of William Paxton, of titions, de-Midd/eton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire; ferrcd* and also, the Petition of Richard Manfel Philipps, a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into con-

day of December 1S02, both inclusive, and not provided sideration upon Thursday next, at Three of the clock in

for by Parliament

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session of the

the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, Election

Parliament of Ireland, and in the 41ft and 42d years of the upon Thursday next, the Petition of Sir William Manners, Petition, de-

Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

OrdeThat the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th day of this instant March, at Half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House, was moved. That the Order, made upon the Confidemtjo* 13th day of December last, for taking into consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of John Frojl, Esquire; petitions, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole names deferred, are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town and Borough of East Grinjled, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town and Borough, might be read.

reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read. typcudix. The said Resolutions are inserted in the Appendix

So. 29.) to this volume.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first and second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Carry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wickham, j\ir Attorney General of Ireland, Mr. Ormsby, and Lord Viscount Caflereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Mr. Corry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, Mr. Ormsby, and Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the fourth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr Alexander, Mr. Carry,

And

3t£i

qo KjEO. 111.

3° Martii.

OOK

•>yJ

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into confide-ration upon Tuesday, the 15th day of this instant March, At Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts 1 count of the number and Tonnage of Vessels built and v°fle!sfe°'

erred.

.tie-

registered in Great Britain, in the three years ending 5th ordered Ihwsof Resolved, That when the House shall have proceeded, January 1803; distinguishing each year, and distinguish-

Mnubsrs jb- upon Thursday next, to the appointment of Select Coming the Ports of London, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol,

tint it Billots - - .... - - ~ -

to be reported, &c.

&c

mittees for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be taken into confederation upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be ierving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let alkie; and that a lilt of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

wa

tfca

Pe-

lt-

Stranraer, &c.

Elefiioa

Committee

Itifli Rrri

Sunderland, and Leith,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Ships, their Tonnage, and number of Men, that entered inwards and cleared outwards in Great Britain, in the fame three years; distinguishing.as above* and distinguishing British Ships from Foreign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Ships, their Tonnage and Men, that entered inwards and cleared outwards in Great Britain, to and from the Greenland and the Southern Whale ReJ'o/veJ, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names Fisheries, for three years, ending 5th January 1803; dif-of such absent Members, the Members, for whole non-at- tinguishing each year.

tendance on the appointment of the said several Select Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and al- count of the quantities of Oil, Blubber, Head Mat ter, and lowed by the Hcule, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken Spermaceti, imported into and exported from Great into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this tain in the fame period; distinguishing each year, and House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without British from Foreign Fishery. thelpecial Order of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts of The eounfel and agents in the case of the cleft ion for count, shewing the amount of Monies reserved in the nies^rcfci^ed the Burgas of Stranraer, &c. being returned to the Bar, the receipt of the Exchequer for the payment of Bounties on in the Ex-Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, remaining into the House a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees undisposed of.

being added, the fame was called over; and is as follow's: Ordered, Tired, there be laid before this House, an Account,

The Honourable Laurence Dv.ndas, Robert Thornton, fitewing the amount of Monies reserved in the receipt of Esquire, James Henry Leigh, Esquire, Charles Mills, Esquire, the Exchequer for payment of the Judges Salaries, after the Honourable Andrew Foley, the Honourable Charles satisfying all demands thereon, to 3th January 1803.

James Fox, John Baker, Esquire, Sir William Mordaunt

Milner, Baronet, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet, James Mr Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, to Gatherley Miines, Esquire, John Penn, Esquire, George Barclay, Ef- whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the term and powers Moor ansi quire, the Honourable George Walpole, the Right honour- of two Acts, made in the ift and 22d years of the reign able John Steivart, the Honourable Robert Dundas. of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the reported."

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Com- Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in mittee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining the County of York-, to Staindrop, in the county of,

of an undue election and return for the Burghs of Stranraer, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across &c. were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual the River Tees to Winflon ,in the said County of Durham, manner. was committed; and to w'hom the Petition of Charles

And thereupon the eounfel and agents withdrew. Michell, of Forcett Hall, in the County of York, Esquire,

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said

Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

' and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

■emie

it

•a

Queersuiif" ingrafted Bill, for better securing the freedom of thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the plcT ’ fleftions of Members to serve in Parliament for any place House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-/raW from giving their votes at such elections, was, ac- out; and then a second time one by one; and, upon the

roitfee

°»Pnn«of

s An-

S’BilL

cording to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for better securing the freedom of elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Wickham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to. Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the period therein to be mentioned, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as directs the payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 58.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,.That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aq ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for HdimersNa*. naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Helltners, was read the n.:L time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, so r whom the Petition of the fereial Persons, whole name-; arc l! thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants, Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the several Parishes of E.ajl Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes of Rotherhithe and Bermondfy, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; except that the Parishes through which the Reads to and from the said Bridge are intended to pass, were not

3 M specifically

r-d

iu; Petition, reported.

226

3°—4° Marti!.

A. 1803.

tuition of Mr. Alfron, re!i>e£ting ShcenicRs Pier inti Paving referred o a Committee.

-specifically stated In the notices publishect in the County viding fire-engines and firefnen, and regulating the hack-Papern the month of September last; but* when the ney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, and porters, within the incorrettness in point of form was discovered, notices were laid City, was read:—And,

again given in The County Chronicle of the 5th, 12th, and Mr. 'William Richards, being examined, said. That so 19th days of October, and in The Kent ifh Gazette of the much of the said Act. as relates to the maintaining aniglitly 22d, 26 th, and 29 th days of October last, being the earliest watch, lighting and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, opportunities that could be taken; but it appeared to the and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances; Committee, that the notices so corrected were inserted and incroachments, within the said City, has been found.

three times in the newspapers called The Times and The Adorning Chronicle, in the month of September last, which patiors are in daily circulation in the neighbourhood of the said intended Roads, and in the Parishes mentioned in the notices, and elsewhere, in the said County of Kent; and the Committee find that the said Roads or Avenues to and from the said Bridge, are each of the length or extent of about half a mile; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Beriah

Drew being examined, ft id, That the River Raveujborue divides the IV.rish of Greenwich and the several Parishes of Saint Raul and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, to and from which Parishes there is a great communication by the Inhabitants thereof relpeelivciy, and of the several Parishes above-nanivd, which communication, by reason of the said River R.reenjbonie, is circuitous, and the Inhabitants of the said Parishes for want of a proper conveyance for horses and carriages, and for them'.elves personally in the night-time over the said River, at or near a place called The Creed, are incommoded and delayed; and that if a Bridge was erected over the said Creek or River Bavenjborne, between its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, and a certain Mill in the Parish of Saint Raul Deptford, called The Tide Mill, now A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or late in the occupation of William Wat cries /Teller, with and Common Fields in the Parish of Rujiington, in the commuted.1 * proper Roads to lead to and from the same, it would open County of Sussex, was read a fecund time, a direct communication between the most populous parts Refuived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Atkins, of Greenicich and Deptford, and greatly facilitate the inter- Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at course of all the Inhabitants of the said several places, and Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, be of great public utility.

in several respects, to be inconvenient, defective, and inadequate to the purposes by the said Act intended; and it is requisite that the powers or provisions thereof, with respect to the matters aforesaid, should be amended, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers ot an Act, passed in the 2d year of tire reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly " watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the streets, rows,

" and passages; providing fire-engines and firemen, and re-" gulating the hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, and " porters, within the City of Cluster," so far as the fame relates to maintaining a nightly watch, lighting and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, within the said City, anti for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within, and for better regulating and improving the Police of the said City: And that Mr Mr. Thomas

Grcfveuor, and Mr. Dr ax Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill toestablish a Chapel of case at Bright helmston, in the County o f Sufix, was read asecond time. iton c’lujjei

Refolded, That the JLJiit be committed to Mr. Fuller, coimwtt«l. General Lennox, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

, The House was moved, That the Petition of William Afion, of Rochester, in the County of Kent, Butcher, which was presented to the House upon the 2ift day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-ficleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof* and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 4° die

Anno 430 Georgii III*’ Regis, 1 803.

A

Prayers.

BILL for continuing the term, and altering and en- Somrrt^n and larging the powers, of two several A els, pilled in the R0*|jsLBiii, istand 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for commuted* And \t \§ xticxxQd to SirHT/iiamGeary,’bslr.Honywood, he.: repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Bo-

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of merlon, and from Q aw bridge to Tint in hull Fords, and from a the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber* and have Tower to streani of water called Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in the lend fur persons, papers, and records. County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the

Toads from a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid.

lur-fl?rPa-

IKS &c. :*'w uni, DortcJ.

hamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike iubfenbed, being Com mi (Tuners for putting in execution ing from llmhijler to Langport, and from South Pet her ton

lo much of the Ad thereinafter mentioned, as relates to the watching, lighting, paving, and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments, within the said City, and for improving the Police thereof, was referred; lhat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, psii' d in the iecond year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly watch, lighting, puving and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, profit '

aforesaid, through part of the several Parishes of South Pettier ton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset, was read a Iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bickinjoit,

Mr. Core Langton, £cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Madocks reported from the Committee, to whom Carnarvon the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, petition, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- reported, leh ■es and others. Owners of Eft.itc.% or Inhabitants within or near the several Pai ilbes or Places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; and to whom the Petition of the several Per-l'ons, whose names are thereunto l'ublcribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, was referred;

'by

G ogL

grant*

Not’as

ing

tr; iVC

tfurts.

*40 VJLU. ill. 4° STartii. c2(27

ferrsd; That the Comnryttee lmd examined, and found ton and Wilkrby, in the County of Turk, for three Sundays that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn- in the present month of March, and in the month of April pike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been com- next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament plied with; and that the Committee had further examined for the purposesmentioned in the said Petition, the matter of the said -first-mentioned Petition, and had

also examined the matter of the last-nientioned Petition; Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom the ^’d^J-cor

and that the Committee had directed him to report the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Commined Peri-lime to the House; and he read the Report in his place; mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose non, reports and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves the fame was read; and is as followeth; Viz.^ and others, Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had further Mr. William Glynn Griffith being examined, said, That the examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repair- House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, ing, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from Por- f0 far as respects that part of the Road which lies in the Milam, in the Dill rift of Linn, in the County of Carman County of v; and it appeared to the Committee,

then, through or near a place called Pan-y-Graig Bodveatt, that with respect to the other part of the Road which lies in the same County, to or near the Village of Llanyfymdwy, in the County of Essex, notice of the intended application in the same County, and from thence through or near the to Parliament had been affixed on the Sessions House Door Town of Criccieth, the Village of Penmorfa, and a place at Chelmfordex the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; but called Cerrig-y-R/izvydzvr, in the same County, to join the that, after the Order for the application to Parliament was

Turnpike Road leading to the Town of Bala, in the County made by the Trustees, there was not sufficient time to pub-of Merioneth, at or near a place called Cannant, in the lame lish the notice more than once in the month of September,

County, and from the said place called Pan-y-Graig Bod- in the newspaper called Herald, printed at yean, to the Town of Pwllheli, in the said County of Car- ford, which comes out weekly, and in which paper it was mar then, anti from thence to or near the Village of Llatnf-accordingly published on the 28th of September; and that

the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared 1

to them, to the Iloule; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an.

Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Church, in the County of to

Shen/eld, and the furthermofl; part of the Parish of Venienccand accommodation to the Petit ioners and others, ford towards Epping, and from the Causeway in the Parish the Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within or near the said of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of Parishes and places.—And the Witness further said, That next C and through the Parishes of Chigwelland j such new Road will open a shorter and better communica- Lam bourn, in the County of and for lighting and j

tion than there is at present with England, and between va- watching the said Road from IVkitechapel Church to the rious other parts of the Principality of fp ales, and will also four-mile Hones in the Run ford and Woodford Roads, was be of great public utility. read:—And,

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. George Johnson being examined, laid, That tile Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed several considerable sums of mohey on the 1

credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which money Hill re- j

mains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unlel's the term of the said Act is continued, and lomeof the powers and provisions thereof amended, altered, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls by the said Act granted should be increased..

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

/ynuhvy aforesaid, and from or near the said place called Cenio-y-Rh zvydzvr, through the Village of Beddgelert, in

the County of Carnarvon, through the Vale of Nanthzvy-

v.nrA, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Bangor Ferry, in the said County of Carnarvon, to or near Pent re in

the County of Denbigh, at or near a place called Cape/ in the said County of Carnarvon, through the several Pa-rifnes mentioned in the Petition, in the said County of Chr-narvon, and Llanfrothen, in the said County o will be of great benefit, and attended with much con-

Mr. William Glynn Griffith being examined, said, That it would be of great public utility, if a Bridge was erected and built aero is the River Aberglaf vu, otherwise called the Hevynant, with a proper and sufficient cauleway, embankment, and other works, from the end of the said Bridge, to a place called Ynysfordd, in the Parish of Llanfrothen, in tjic laid County of Merioneth; that the River (over which the said Bridge is intended to be built) is the boundary between the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and is, at certain seasons of the year, by reason of high tides and floods, rendered impassable, and dangerous to crofis.—Anil the witness being further examined, laid, That the making of such Bridge and embankment will be the means of opening a shorter, better, and more commodious communication than there is at present between the said Counties and England.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port cf in the County

ot Carnarvon, to or near a place called in the County of Merioneth, and from in the Parish

ot Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village ot IJanyjiymdvjy, and from a place called y-Rirxy.tur, to cr near to Cape! Ccrrig, in the said County von; and for building a Bridge acrois the River

or Ciir/iari

aUhrg/ajiyn, in the said Counties: And that Mr. Madocks Hams do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and Sir Robert

The House was moved, That the Report which was, yesterday.rnade from the Committee, to whom the Petition of fiir John Legard, Baronet, and William Legat'd, Clerk, the

Pci Ions interested in the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, liiat, in coniidcrarion of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may 1 e given on the door of the Parish Churches of Gan-Vot. '

The House was moved, That the Report which was, vef- Leave grants terday, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition Notices of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto i’ublcribed, j>wiordS Inhabitants, Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Te- Bridge, nements, in the several Parishes of Enfi Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in ti e County of Kent, and of the several Parishes of and Ber-

mondsey, in the County of Surrey, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That in consideration, of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given three times in the present month of March, in the Kent if 1 newspapers, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Ground Bill patted.

5»-

An ingrossed Bill for providing an additional Burial st. Giles's Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the *"rlai

County of Middlesex, was read the third time. n...

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles in-the-Fields, in the County of Mid-dhfex, and for erecting a Chapel on such Ground for the performance of Funeral Service therein.

Ordered

5228

4° Ttfar

a

J. A

1803.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Sir Laurence Pa/’/':, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. Alteinoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

■e lords /e agreed

met:

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wil- The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Leave granted

Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom or 1 otlCtS

resptcting

Willingtoa

eymmith d Melcombe rgis Roads II.

aidftone ou.J Bill.

Mr. Speaker, the Petition of the Wight honourable Philip Earl ot Chester

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An field, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, to continue and amend two A<fb, Ievcrally passed in the whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of first: and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Estates, or Inhabitants within the County of Derby, was Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoklen for the County of Derby, and also three widening, and improving, the Road times in the newspaper called The Derby Mercury, in the

the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwdl to the Church in the Parish of all in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

repairing,

altering,

Tint Alban's -'[jureIt Bill.

leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the present month of March, and in the month of April next,

Loose Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County the put poles mentioned in the said Petition, of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

Tiie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The House was moved, That the Report which, upon leave granted

----- - - - for Notices

reflecting Kirk I rerun In do lore.

for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and i for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

inarrow s derne and Watford <oad Petition, imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do make the Report from the Corpmittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two Acts, the one passed in the ad year of the

Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petit ion of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto Iubscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Township of Kirk Ireton, in the County of Derby, and the Township of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the same County, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given, on the door of the Parish Church of

reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, al- Wirkjin (lie County of Derby, for three Sundays in

-tering, and keeping in repair, the Road from the South end of Sparrow's Herne, on Bttjhey Heath, through the Market

Towns of Watford, Perkhamjlead, Saint Peter's, and Ering,

In the County of Hertford, by Pcttipkers Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylfbury, in the County of :Rucks; and the other passed in the 23d year of the reign of 1 lis said present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said first-mentioned Act, was referred.

Mr. Phonier accordingly reported from the said Com-anittee, ThaF the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A As were read:—Anu,

Mr. William Haylon being examined laid, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded to put Committee on Monday next, on account of the death of a

Da) lion Inclosure Bill.’ committed.

the present month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and V/ailc Grounds, within the Manor of Dafston, in the County of Cumberland, was read a second time.

ResolveeJ, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Low t her y &c.: And they are to meet this . Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Committee, Report from appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Mellish, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Ro- committee, bert Sezcel/y Esquire, Ievcrally complaining of an undue for leave to election and return for the Borough of Great Grim fly, in the County of Lincoln, informed the House, that Edward Hilliardy Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) would be unable to attend his duty on the said

r..

i-i

*1,

t.

adjourn.

Jj

the fame in execution, and have borrowed a considerable ium of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be luUiciently improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said AdIs be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls special cause assigned, to adjourn asdefired. granted

relation, but that he would be able to attend onTucfday; and therefore the Committee, having already (at three weeks, pray leave of the House (with the content of all parties) to adjourn from Tommorrow until Tueitlay next.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the Leave given.

4

Worllcy

Roads.

i Hid ii.acd

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Adds, passed in the id and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping inrepair, the Rond from the South end of Sparrow's Derm, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Rerkhampfteady Saint Peter s, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the 'Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylefbuy, in the County of Buckingham: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Pennifton Lamb do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lairy, near Plymouth, to make and

maintain a Road from a certain place called Efford Quay, A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto in the Parish of Egg Bucklandy in the County of Devon, to subscribed, being respectively Owners or part Owners of the Borough of Plymouth, was read a second time. British Ships, redding in the Town and County of New-

Rcfdved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William castle-ut>on-Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Tonnage

complaining Du ‘

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Leave granted Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons,. whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Occupiers of Estates near the places thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered,. That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given three times in the newspaper called The Manchester Chronicle, in the present month of’March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Petition of Ship Owners of Newcastle,

against

■et.

K

43 Geo. III. 4° Mar til.

229

complaining of an Act, passed in the last Session, for im*-posing certain Duties on the Tonnage of Ships or VesselS: And praying for the repeal of the said Act, in so far as it imposes Duties on the Tonnage of Shipping.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Law of Ordertd, That Mr. Fojier Barham have leave of absence Absence. for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher have leave of absence for one month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bejl have leave to go the home circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Honywood have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bullock have leave of absence for ten days, to attend the Assizes for the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton Pitt have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent County business.

Ordered, That Mr. John Claudius Beresford have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Lamhton have leave of absence for three weeks, On argent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Inglett Fortescue have leave of absence for a fortnight, on account of the illness of a near relation.

ftnrjm Elec- Mr. Dudley Ryder, from the Select Committee, who were

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of John Milford and Henry Swam, Esquires, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, informed the House,

That the said Select Committer have determined.

That Sir John Nicho/l is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall.

And also. That the said Select Committee have deter-* mined,

That Sir Stephen Lushington, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Penryn.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition of John Milford, and Henry Swann, Esquires, did riot appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Welt A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Road branching «®niiued. *ke Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Thornydike, Weflruther, Hard-law, Bedfliiell or the Kaine, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heron, Sir George Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That General Norton do make the Report from Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting into execution three Acts, made in the 22d year of his late Majesty, and in the 7 th and 31ft years of his present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and other Roads adjoin* ing , and also an Act, made in the^th year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, was referred.

General Norton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found-that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn*-pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at

Vol. 58.

the Clerk’s Table: Wherfe the fame was read? and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegation of the said Petition, the1 said Acts were read And,

John Hosier, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts,1 And have made a considerable progress in repairing thi several Roads therein mentioned, whereby they have incurred a considerable debt, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Tolls, powers, and provisions- thereof explained, altered, and enlarged.—

And the Witness further laid. That Long Ldm, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, , is in a very

ruinous and bad Hate; and that it will be more convenient, and of public advantage, that the fatne should be put under the care and management of the Trustees afdre-taid.—Then,

Another Ad, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, was read; whereby , it appeared, that the Road leading from the Stones Ehd in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas^a- Waterings, is directed to be kept in repair by the Trustees aforesaid, and they are thereby in* veiled with powers and authorities for requiring the performance of statute work by the Inhabitants of Bermondsey, on the said Road:—And,

Mr. Hosier further said. That the said Road is in bad repair, and requires a larger sum of money betides the statute labour, effectually to put the fame into good Condition, which the said Trustees cannot afford to expend out of the funds arising by the several before-mentioned Acts j and it is necessary to resort to other means for the support and maintenance of the said Road.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, explaining, amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, the several Acts, and the term, tolls, payments, and powers, granted in and by three several Acts, passed in the 22d year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th and 31ft years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame; and also, an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, to Dockhead,

Bermondsey: And that General Norton, Sir John Frederick, and Lord William Russell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry to the Lords the iriihRevcnu ingrossed Bill, for better securing the freedom of Elections officer‘Bil11 of Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, the UrJs!to by disabling certain Officers employed in the collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from' giving their votes at such elections; and desire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Curry prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties jhji*" * upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and PreienK,(1».

exported from Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Excise or Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable upon like articles; and also, for ascertaining the Drawback on Exportation, and granting Bounties on Exportation from, or Importation into Ireland, of certain articles therein mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 4 2d years of His present Majesty’s reign, for granting additional Duties on certain Articles imported into, and exported from Ireland: And the fame was received.; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, irish stamp a Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein ^£0*1 mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing "

,3N the

.j

l Hat ies Bill* cnted.

h Gam«

'tificates

Jill,

faited#

fti Poitege

Bit],

Rented.

j

5

t

jblin atch, &c. Bill, efented*

ii

t

sifli Small xbts Bill, 'dered.

I'ueftion pre-ous, Neg. rpectingcer-in Claims on te Prince of /ales.

rncc of iV.iles’s nunity Bill, ported.

230

4* Martix. A. 1803.

the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry -presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for levying certain Duties to be applied towards the charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the distri& of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch therein: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday ijtext.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent vexatious Actions in the superior Courts in Ireland, where remedy might be had in the inferior Courts by Civil Bill: And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Corry, Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, and Mr. Or, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House, anxioully delirous to give full effect to the important objects recommended to their consideration in His Majesty’s most gracious Message of the 16th of February, do appoint a Select Committee to request and receive information respecting the extent of those claims upon the Justice and Honour of the Prince of Wales, which, according to the official communication made to this House, impede His Royal Highness’s anxious desire to fulfil His Majesty’s benign intention, and accord to the wishes of this House, by resuming that state and dignity which belong to the Heir Apparent of the British Empire;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

139-

184.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the period therein to be mentioned, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as directs the payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Com-

miftvoners appointed by the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ia-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to of

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Malt!* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. "

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they __

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him 1 I

to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday :-

next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have -1

leave to fit again. " ' kC:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, 1

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee ef solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Suppijr* fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Treasury Bills of Account of Ireland, outstanding, that will become payable in the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee. 1 *’

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the three last of the Accounts, which Ireland— were presented to the House, by Mr. Crofton, upon Monday last, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Twenty-seventh Report of the Commissioners of Account of Ireland, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, as they stood on the 5th of January 1803, as far as the fame can be ascertained, be printed for the Members of the House.

.A

*; \[m -

i'

O';-. * 'O

:1 j-

v'r-T,

’ K:.

% '% i:

N3

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- '<

count of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1803 from the Distributors of Stamps in Great <J stamps. Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the names of such Distri- ,■

butors, and for what Counties they are or were employed; > >l

the sums originally due from them, and when; and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof. Il;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- '’:i

count

__________

43 UrEO. ill.

4°—Ta

231

Lotteries.

tetf

id

oiiuy

Wi

count of the net Balances in the hands of the Distributors the Parish of Gar rift own, in the County of was

of Stamps in Great Britain on the ioth day of October read a second time.

1802, and on the 5th day of January 1803 respectively; R That the Bill be committed to Mr. John distinguishing the names of the Distributors, and for what touche, Mr. Knox, &c.: And they are to meet this After-Counties, and the amount of their respective disburse- noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ments for Incidents, Poundage, Parliamentary Allowances,

orDifcounts. Mr. Hawkins Browne, from the Select’ Committee ap- Report fro

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition count of the Calli received and paid on account of the of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire; and also the Petitions of Committee English and Irish Lotteries, between the 5th of January the several other Persons, complaining of an undue election j802 and 5th of January 1803, with the amount of the and return for the Town and County of the Town of Mr. Wai£h. Balances in the hands of the Receiver General at each of Nottingham, informed the House, That the said Committee the above-mentioned periods. met on Saturday Morning last, pursuant to their adjourn-

, , .• tt r, ... * , , ment of the preceding day, when they received a letter

(one of

Lurue, 7° die Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii IIIt!l Regis, 1803. Praters.

the said Committee) stating, that he was so ill as not to be able to attend the Committee on that day, and that the said Committee then adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the clock, when the said Committee met, and they received another letter from the said Mr. stating

that he was still unable to attend the Committee; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. , an

A N ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Apothecary', attended at the door, who could give the the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields in House information respecting the state of Mr.

the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields in the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset.

Ws rod WiiceMd lad Bill, pfcnttd.

House information respecting the state of Mr. s health; he was called in j and, at the Bar, examined upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said John Bern Waljh, Esquire, be excused for his not attending on the said Select Committee on Saturday last, and this day; and have leave to absent Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the himself from any further attendance bn the said Committee.

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Monday last, Dayappointe Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for em-to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of powering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand June- of Grand;

several Acts, passed in the 31 ft year of the reign of his tion Canal to raise a further sum of money, to enable them

late Majesty, and in the ioth and 32d years of the reign to complete the works authorized to be executed in pur- ’ j

of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from fuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th,

Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York: And the fame 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign of His present

®Krkytoit> fc Inclosure Bill,

Ftfcnted.

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in. doling, the Common Heaths, Marthes, Fens, and Waste

Majesty, and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Tommorrow ieven-night, the 15th day of this instant March.

r;ji

An ingrafted Bill to continue and enlarge the term and Gatherley Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blun-powers of two Acts, made in the ift and 22d years of the c^dro*1 defion, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk: And the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening Road all, lame was received} and read the first time. the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, P9^-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. in the County of to Staindrop, in the County of

Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, ac- across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Sure Bill, cofoing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Durham, was read the third time.

ptatd. ’ doling, the Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Grounds, within the Parish of Ixworth, in the County of An Act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of '

Suffolk, and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening Thursion, in the same County: And the fame was received; the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor,

Imrtb and Thartton

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Inck/fti

over

"twurea |t Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common

'wuutted.' ’ an£i Waste Lands, in the Parish of East Stower, otherwise Slower East Slower, in the County of Dorset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Francis John Browne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cotton

■^ufac,

Bin,

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton a, o,__________o,__________ w

Manufacture in Scotland, and for settling Disputes which King’s Heath, within the Tything of Blagrave, in the Parish may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the of Chipping aforesaid, was read a second time,

in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Small-ways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty. Chipping and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands,

Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, committed. Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish,. of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called

said Manufacture: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Hurt am for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within

Vol. 5*

:<*n

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas of Berkshire, Mr. Golding, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon have leave of absence Leave of for a week, on account of his health. Absence.

Ordered,

232

7* Marti),

A. 1803.

Ordered, That Mr. ttammethave leave of.absence for a to continue in force from the 25th day of March 1733 fortnight, Qn account of his health. until the 25th day of March 1739, and from thence to

Ordered, That Mr. Praed have leave of absence for a the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, week, on account of the death of a near relation. by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have leave of absence for the 24th day of June 1802, and from thence to the end six weeks, on account of his health. of the then next Session of Parliament (except such part

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie have leave of absence thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of for three weeks, on account of his health. Foreign Coffee into and from the Colonies and

Ordered, That Mr. Hujfey have leave of absence for fix Plantations in America') is near expiring, and fit to be

irto», See. closure Bill, riented.

weeks, on account of the illness of a near relation.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Burton, otherwise Burton-upon-Slath and in the Hamlets of Slather, Darby, Thea/by, and , within the

continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

11 to prevent

rgery of ifli Bank ^otes, •eiented.

•ifh Court# Bill,

emitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Coicm

reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Parishes of Burton and West Halton, in the Wapentake of ’Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, committei.

Manley, in the County of Lincoln -, and for making a com- imported into, and exported from Ireland, and also several pensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and or ancient Inland Duties of Excile or Taxes in in lieu of former

tnclosed Lands, in the same Township and Hamlets: And Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable upon like articles; and the same was received; and read the first time. also for ascertaining the Drawback on Exportation, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. granting Bounties on Exportation from, or Importation

into Ireland, of certain articles therein mentioned; and for Mr. Attorney General of Ireland presented to the House, repealing two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 42d years of according to Order, a Bill to extend to Ireland certain His present Majesty’s reign, for granting additional Duties provisions of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His Ma- on certain articles imported into, and exported from /rr-jesty’s reign, for the more effectually punishing Persons land, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Mr. Fox, from the Select Committee who were appointed Stranraer, fe. Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Robert in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom Fans junior, of . complaining of an undue determined; called Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous election and return for the District of Royal Burghs in and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, Scotland, confiding of Stranraer, Wigton, Whithorn, and New

passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and 22d Galloway, informed the House, years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An That the said Select Committee have determined,

" Act for enlarging the time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in That John Spalding, Esquire, is duly elected a Commis-the City and County of Dublin, and for making the fioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of

" as Royal Burghs in Scotland, confiding of Stranraer, Wigton,

in Whithorn, and New Galloway.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Robert Fans Agneiv, junior, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered

* m m t

knowingly receiving, or having in their possession, any forged Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, or Bank Poll Bills: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

* process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants

personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The feid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- in the Journals of this House. fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ifh Chalker*

Bill,

efented.

Mr. Attorney General of Ireland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish Offenders, called Chalkers, in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

’pon

tpiring*

,ws.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Info sump reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied determined by the Commis-

m J J

sioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to

report their Opinion from time to time to the House, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second

which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain committed-perpetual; That the Committee had made a further en- Duties on Licences to persons felling Hats, and on Hats fold quiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had by retail, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

RefoThat this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

.0

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5thyear of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in , which was

IjEO. Ill;

7° Mar

233

Irish G jnic Ceniaatc

HiiJ,

uioD

uie tri.

Irish Pclbge Hnl.

committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Inland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hoyle.

Refohed, That this House will, Td-morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second

March, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the After-

noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Peter isaac and okehampto

George Woodford Thellufjbn; and also, the Petition o ’Thomas

Hawkes, John H ard, John Vinecombe, George Brown, William Seymour, Simon Tucker, Simon Brock, Richard Paltridge, and Thomas Cornish, Electors of the Borough of Okekampton, in

the County of Devon, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 24th day of this instant March, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon*.

Ordered, That the Petition of James Adams, F.lquire, Harwich. Complaining of art undue election and return for the Bo-

reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain rough of Harwich, in the County.0 be taken into

Duties and Rates upon the portage and conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland, be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed

consideration upon Thursday, the 31 It day of this instant March, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Daniel Ord, Esquire, one of £erwic*c', the Candidates to represent the Town and Borough of Ber- upon'-l"';'

Refohed, That the Bill h£ committed to a Committee VTweed at the last election for Members to lerve

1 1 r 1 r _ r 1 1 1 * . 1 f* a. __—l.:

DuMin

Vrnh,&C. fiiil, com-JOlti&l.

of the whole House.

Refihed, That this House will, To-mdrrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the second read-

for the said Town and Borough in the present Parliament; and also, the Petition of certain of the Freemen, Electors of the said Town and Borough, whose names are thereafter subscribed, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Town and Bo-

ing of the Bill for levying certain Duties, to be applied to- rough, severally complaining of an undue election and re-

Confklemtion of certain Ele.tion Petitions, deferred*

wards the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the district of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch therein, be now read-And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohedffhal this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, appointing the days for taking into consideration the several Petitions, complaining of undue elections and returns of Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of en eft er, for the Town and Borough of Grinjled, for the

Grinded.

Gif;

3°»,$cc.

turn for the said Town and Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thurklay, the 31ft day of this instant March, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Rob inf on, late a Taunton. Candidate for one of the Burgesses to lerve in Parliament in and for the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the county of ; and also, the Petition of certain Per-

fons, EJedors of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough and Town, whose names are thereunto subscribed,

On behalf of themlllves and other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough and Town, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at a qurrier of an hour before Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Squire, Cornelius Botlon. Ward, William Fotharby, Henry Jeremiah

District of Burghs of Glasgow, ~ Rut her glen, Renfrew, and William Nicholls, John Herring, and William Wood, having Dumbarton, for the Borough of Okehampton, for the Borough a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Par-of Harwich, for the Town and Borough of Berwick-upon- liament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lin-Tweed, for the Borough and Town of Taunton, for the Bo- coin, complaining of an undue election and return for the rough of Boston, for the County of Stirling, for the Stewartry said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, of Kirkcudbright, for the Borough of Cirencester, for the the 21 ft day of April next, at ten minutes before Two of Borough of Bishop's Castle, for the Borough of Evesham, for the clock in the Afternoon.

the Borough of Eafi Retford, for the Borough of Newcajll e Ordered, That the Petition of General Sir Robert Aber- Stirling. uider-Lyme, for the County of Radnor, for the Town or cromby, of Airthrey, Knight of the Order of the Bath; and Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the Borough of Leomin- also, the Petition of James Bruce, of Kinnaird, Esquire, and fier, for the Borough of Aylesbury, for the County of Mid- of Harry Davidson, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, both dlesex, and for the Borough of Maldon, might be read. Freeholders in the County of Stirling, severally complaining

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly; of an undue election and return for the said County, be the fame were, upon the Question being severally put there- taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of upon, ordered to be discharged. April next, at five minutes before Two of the clock in the

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir William Manners, Ba- Afternoon, ronet, complaining of an undue election and return for Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable the Borough of llchester, in the County of Somerset, be taken merie Granville John Stewart, complaining of an undue into consideration upon Thursday, the 17th day of tin's election and return for the Stewartry of be

instant March, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the taken into consideration upon Thursday, the a ill day of

April next, at Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Sand ford, Esquire, cirencester, Thomas Forder, junior, George Joseph Joseph

Gegg, Nathan junior, Robert Dore, William Hill, Richard Bowly, Joseph Winftone, John Edward Humphreys,

Daniel Young, William Mills, William Scott, and George Dike, Inhabitant Householders iegally settled in the Bo-

taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 17th day of rough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, having a this instant March, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon, right to vote at the election of Burgesses to lerve in Par-Ordered, That the Petition of Boyd Alexander, Esquire, liament for the said Borough^ on behalf of themleJves and of Southbar; and also the Petition of John Hamilton, Esquire, others, complaining of an undue election and return for late Provost of Glasgow, and Delegate for that Burgh, and the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thurs-Jmes Bum, Esquire,- Provost of Renfrew, and Delegate day, the 21ft day of April next, at five minutes after Two l~~' " ‘ " ' ' of the dock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Charlton Kinchant, of nuhop't-Park Hall, in the County of Salop, Esquire, complaining of catle,-an undue election and return for the Borough of Bishop's

3° Castle,.

Kirkcud*

bright.

Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Frost, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town and Borough of East Grinjled, in the County of Sussex, fevetally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town and Borough, be

----- J A. 1 WT VJLV. V. M.*.*ty

lor that Burgh, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the District or Burghs of Glasgow, Rather-glen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, in Scotland, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 24th day of this instant Vdi. 58.

eflum.

Retford.

ewcaltle-

nckr-Lyme'*

Radnor.

Cingfton-

jpon-HuIL

:>eominster.

ylefbury,

iidJlesex.

faldon.

bee of (ilex’s

griuity Rill,

234 T Mart1803

Castle, in the said County, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at ten minutes after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Humphrey Esquire,

complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of be taken

into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at a quarter of an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bowles the younger, Esquire, and Henry Bo, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Notbe taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21 ft day of April next, at twenty minutes after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph , Gentleman, one of the Electors of the Borough of

in the County of Stafford, and of Several other Electors of the Said Borough, whose names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Oliver Beckett, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 2 ift day of April next, at twenty-five minutes after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Macnamara, of Lan~ goed Castle, in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining

of an undue election and return for the County of be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at half an hour after Two of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-Signed Freemen of the Town or Borough of in the County of the fame Town, on behait of themS'elves and others, the Freemen of the Town aforesaid, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town or Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21 ft day of April next, at twenty-five minutes before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leominffer, in the County of Hereford, on behalf of themS'elves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at twenty minutes before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Francis Fremantle, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Reverend William Lloyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Browne, Alton Chaplin, John Barker, Edward Alfion, Robert Smith, Francis Fleet, John Rawbone, William Payne, and Luke Turner, on behalf

of themselves and others, the legal Electors of the Borough of Aylefoury, severally complaining of an undue election

and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 2 ift day of April next, at a quarter of an hour before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, whole names are thereunto subscribed.

Severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Said County, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21 ft day of April next, at ten minutes before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several PerSbns, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Maldon, in the County of Essex, complaining

of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 21ft day of April next, at five minutes before Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

.Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to Settle an Annuity on His Royal HighneSs the Prince of Wales, 10

during the period therein to be mentioned; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as directs the payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingroSTed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for settling 6,000. per annum, to be paid, by quarterly payments, to Her Royal Highness the Prince fs of Wales..

And the said Clause was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to Settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His Majesty, as directs the annual payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Garthfhore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on fit ore: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and fifty-six thousand Five hundred and thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Three hundred eighty-six thousand Two hundred and fifty Pounds currency, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off' and discharging Treasury Bills that will become due on the 25th day of March. 1003,

The said Resolution being read a Second time, wa«, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution'which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duty of Six Shillings and Sixpence currency per Barrel on Malt made in Ireland, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was continued and made payable until the 25th day of March 1803, Shall be further continued and charged upon all Malt which Shall be made in Ireland from the 24th day of March 1803 to the 25 th day of March 1804.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. , Mr. and Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the Same.

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent vexatious Actions in the superior Courts in Ireland, where remedy might be had in the inferior Courts by Civil Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved,

Diniti/erl hv

Cor---

Marine Mutiny Bill, preknted.

Report

6uppiy.

Irish Treasurj Bills.

Report Way* and Meaui*

Duty on Malt in. Ireland

Irish Small Debt* Bi*l,

presented.

43 LrEO. 111.

7°—8°

235

Petition of Piasters, &C* ct Jrenadjf for Relief, referred to a Committee.

Refo’vcd, That the Bill be fead a feccm! time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Planters,

Merchants, and others, trading to and connected with the Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, whose names are thereunto subscribed, which was preferued to the House line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for ex-upon the 21 ft day of February last, and then ordered to lie tending the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading

Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, ro Exeter and whom the Bill for continuing $nd amending an Act, passed in the aoth year of the reign of His present Majesty, ior rcporied, repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to BiJdaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the

E31,

Supply,

deferred#

Ways and Means, deferred.

Korth’s Nat. Bui, committed.

lj-T

upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the.House:

And it is referred to Mr. Evan Bailiie, Mr. Bond, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That t he Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved\ That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee#

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to relblveitlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and«Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole dit Pre' de Saint Maur North, his wife, was read a second lime.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Glen

from the termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a place called Lufcombe Crofs9 in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table .* Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a lccond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House#

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. llamlyn Williams presented to the House, according Carmarthen to Order, a Bill for making, amending, altering, widening, new 'toad* improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from preleUted. the North or North-weft end of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of ConwillElvet, in the Parish of Conwi/lEhet, and through the Village of Velindre SJiinkin, in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Neivca/HeEmlyn, in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen: And the,

fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Htllmers Nar. B’il, caamitted.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to Modhury

__________ whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are KoadPetition*

bervie, Mr. North, &c.: And they are to meet this After- thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, rei)ortcJ> noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. being Trustees for putting in execution the Acts therein-

after mentioned, was referred i That the Committee had exa-An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers, was read a second relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and

time,

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord bervie, Mr. 5 'argent,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis,8° Martii;

Anno 430 Georgii III*11 Regis, i 803.

from

RAVERS.

Wnfry

tanon

tenner tjle

of

j’-'iri!

MR. Dickins, from the Select Committee appointed to

try and determine the merits of the Petition cf

that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 32d year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modhury, through the Town of to the North end o in the County of Devon-, and also an Act, passed in the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of the said Act, were read :—And, Mr. Bennicke being examined, laid, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts in execution, try and determine the merits of the Petition cf and have for that purpose borrowed a conlic^erable sum o . William Wilber force Bird, Esquire, ant] Peter Moore, Esquire; money on the credit thereof, which still remains due and and also, the Petition of Thomas Mills, Thomas Morris, owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be George Griffin, and James Hoggins, severally complaining of effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless an undue election and return for the City of Coventry, in- the term granted and continued by the said Acts, which is formed the House, That the f<ftd Committee met this nearly expired, is further continued, and some of the powers Morning, at Ten of the clock, pursuant to their adjourn- and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and meni of yesterduy, when the Chairman informed the Com- it is.necessary that the Tolls granted by the last mentioned mil tee, that he had received a letter from John William Ad should be increased.

Eger ton, Flquire (one of the Members of the Committee) Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for confuting, that the death of a very near relation had made it tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of itnpoflible for him to attend the Committee this Morning; two Acts, passed in the 3ad year of the reign of his late ;«ncl that the Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow Majesty, and the a x ft year of the reign of His present Ma-Morning, Ten of the clock. jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Ordered, That the said John William F.gerton, Esquire, through the Town of Plympton, to the North end of Lin* be excused for his not attending on the said Select Com- cotta Lane, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Hamlyn mittee this day; and have leave to absent himself from any Williams and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the further attendance on the said Committee. fame.

Vol. 58. ' Mr.

J

236

8° Marti}. A. 1803.

:ds Coal* Mr. Henry La fc dies reported from the Committee, to

«rted. whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the powers of several Acts, made in the 31ft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th and 33d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better lup-plying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of Terk, with coals, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Blackbttrne of Lancashire reported from the Com-3 mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

•/ported, and names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro-•e-<omnutted. prjetors of Estates in the Township of in the Parish

of Runcorn, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with-, but it appeared to the Committee, that a Meeting was convened in the beginning df August, by public notice, of the several persons interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed, where an [ unanimous resolution was agreed to for the inclosing of the said Lands, under Articles of Agreement, to be prepared for that purpose; and that, as no notice was given at such meeting of any ditl’ent to such Inclosure, it was thought that the fame might have been effected without the aid of Parliament; but it hath been since discovered, that it will be necessary to apply to Parliament for that purpose; and that it will be attended with considerable inconvenience, if leave be not given in the present Setdion to bring in a . Bill to effeCl the said Inclosure; and that the Committee

had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and 1 afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Claughton being examined, said, That there are within the Township ot Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County of Chester, certain Commons or WasteLands, which lie dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; but, if the fame were divided/ allotted, and inclosed, it would be of great benefit to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said premises.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Mr. Madocks presented to the House, according to Or-presented. ’ der, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from,

in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of and from a place called Cerrig-y-Rliwydwr, to or near to Capel in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglajlyn, in the said Counties: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

>rder for The House was moved. That the Report which, upon

{tr/trewn Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom ndoi’ure the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-1another unto ^scribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands inier made, and Grounds within the Township of Ireton, in the County of Derby, and the Township of Callow, in the j Parish of fVirksworth, in the same County, was referred,

f might be again read.

l And the fame was read accordingly

1

Hatton

Inclosure

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, " That leave be granted that notices may be " given on the door of the Parish Church of " in the County of Derby, for three Sundays in the pre-" sent month of March, and in the month of April nexr,

" or either of them, of the application to Parliament for " the purposes mentioned in the said Petition," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given on the doors of the Parish Churches of IVirkfworth and Kirk Ireton, in the County of Derby, for three Sundays in the present month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Leave granted Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the for.No,.ice* Report was re-committed, which was made from the Com- Whitechapel mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given three times in some one newspaper circulated in the County of EJex, in the present month of March and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto Petitions from subscribed. Matter Manufacturers in the City of f/i.'fyow ;m<i

Anri also Bulky again*

Ana ano, _ Scotch <jottoa

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto Manufac-subscribed. Mailer Manufacturers in the Town of Paijey; turer* Blll‘ Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for preventing abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and for settling disputes which may aril’c between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture; and setting forth. That any Tegiflative interference, for the purposes Hated in the said Bill, would prove equally injurious to the Mailers, Workmen, and to the Trade at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, and, if necessary, that the Petitioners may be heard against it, by themselves, or counsel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Di- East India reClors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, p pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the probable Amount of the Revenues and Charges in India, for the year ending the 30th April 1803; together with the Interest payable upon th» Bond and other Debts, the Amount of Commercial Charges, and the Supplies to Bencoolen, Prince of Wales's If and, and St.

Helena, according to the latest advices: And also,

Estimate of Profit and Lois on the Company’s Sales in England (exclusive of Spices) and other Profits, for four years, ending ill March 1802, with other Payments in England deducted therefrom: And also.

An Estimate of the Amount of the Bond and other Debts due by the East India Company in India, together with the Interest payable upon the fame, by the latest advices.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

An4

to \JJ-AX.

Martii.

(No 30.)

Sourbwark faring BiUf prttoid-

And then he withdrew; and the said Lift was read. Ordered, the Order for the second reading of the

Ordered, That the said Estimates do iie upon the 1 able, laid Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be printed for the Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Members of the House. Ordered, That leave be given to present a proper Bill

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to instead thereof, this volume.

Lord William Ruff'll preferred to the House, according Sir from the Scleft Committee »ho Mgr

, i>;n fjf*,__________A i-____ \ j 6 were appointed to try and determine the merits of the

,0 Order, a Bd for eapla mng, amend ng, and rendering p,titio^f A n> Esquire. and the petilion

more effectua],an Act, . H I, a6th year of the re.gn rf jy, J Inhabitant,

of His present Majesty, for pav, ng cleansing, hghtrng and an/E,cftors ,/ the Borollgh of in the County

,1,^ Minor of r t! iA 1C Y 3 of S severally tompjaining ofan undue election and

and Places, w.th.n the Manor of Southwark, otherw.fe called mum Jhe ;,«,rmed House>

LUKof

Absence.

rn-tM

:as

!fi£'

:k<l

she Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Sir JVilllam Heathcote have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas of Berkshire have leave

That the said Se.ect Committee have determined, ^That Jefferys Allen, Esquire, is duly elected a Bu/gels to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Pocock, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

of absence for three weeks, on his private bu fine Is; he hav- to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

ing served upon the Soled: Committee for trial of the Dunfermline, See. election.

Ordered, That Sir John Dajhzcood King have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre have further leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Wiinnot A Petition of certain persons exercising the trade of

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petition of John Agnezv, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petition of John Chubb, William Ford, and

DrasyjjMe. Chymists and Druggists in the Town and Borough of James Mills, did not appear to the said Select Committee apinftapBarnjlap/e, and its vicinity, was presented to the House, to be frivolous or vexatious.

MedicineAfl. and read; complaining of an Act, passed in the 43d year And the said determinations were ordered to be entered of His present Majesty’s reign, for imposing duties upon in the Journals of this House. certain Medicines; And praying, That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-.

: Iti

Mr. Hawkins Browne, from the Select Committee ap- Report from pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Nottinghnm

- - Election

Orders for Accounts of Tonnage of Vrfltls, &c. discharged, ud othe* «dcred.

Daniel Parker Cuke, Esquire, and also the Petitions of the committee, several other Persons, complaining of an undue election respecting * and return for the Town and County of the Town of rf_

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made upon Thursday last, for laying before this House, Accounts of the number and tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and also, Nottingham, informed the House, That he was directed by vacated!

<* -1 * - «i II XT 1 if i. 1C1___ I n , . I FT n . 1 , ’

of the quantities of Oil, Blubber, Head Matter, and Sper- ‘ maced, imported and exported, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

the Committee to report to the House, that Frederick Shuttleworth, being called as a Witness before the said Committee, by giving contradictory evidence, was guilty of wilful prevarication; and therefore that the said Committee had, according to the power given them by an Act, count of the number and tonnage of Vessels built and re- passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Ma-

Jjittered in Great Britain, in the three years ending the 5th jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of anuaryi793, in the three years ending the 5th January " the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of 1802, and in the last year; distinguishing each year; and " Members to lerve in Parliament," committed the said distinguishing the Ports of Lmdon, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol\Frederick Shuttleworth to the custody of the Serjeant at Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgozv, and Leith, Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ordered, That the said Frederick Shuttleworth do, for his count of the number of Vessels, their tonnage, and number laid offence, stand committed to the custody of the Serjeant of Men, that entered inwards and cleared outwards in at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do Great Britain in the fame period; distinguishing as above; issue his warrant accordingly, and distinguishing British Ships from Foreign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Coroner* count of the number of Ships, their tonnage, and Men, Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto Petition» di it entered inwards and cleared outwards in Great Bri- subscribed, being His Majesty’s Coroners, on behalf ofreported* tain to and from the Greenland and the Southern Whale themselves and the rest of the Coroners of the several

Counties and Liberties within England and Wales, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

Fisheries, for three years, ending the 5th January 1793, in the three years ending the 5th January 1802, and in the last year; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Jffltopirvfnt ,’?crT of [ffh Banfc with.

Mother

count of the quantities of Oil, Blubber, Head Matter, and the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at Spermaceti, imported into and exported from Great Bri- the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as tain, for the lame period; distinguishing each year; and followeth; viz.

British from Foreign Fishery. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Hodgson being examined, laid, That the office of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the feeond Coroner is an ancient, honourable, and necessary office, reading of the Bill to extend to Ireland certain provisions and the duties belonging thereto are great and manifold* of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His Majesty’s reign, and require peculiar diligence and integrity in the execu-for the more effectually punishing Persons knowingly re- tion thereof; that (over and above the fee of twenty

shillings for taking each inquisition) an allowance of Nine Pence per mile, from their own homes only, for travelling expences, as settled by an Act, passed in the 25th year of his late Majesty King George the Second (being upwards

cciving, or having in their possession, any forged Bank iWcs, Bank Bills of Exchange, or Bank Poll Bills, be flow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A-.l \r .■ * * . .1 f ’ 1 n:n ..

_ — , < ca 1

, , .... rr,j...rf fiffv vears aeo) is, on account of the decrease of the

And Notice being taken, that the lai 1 .. vajuc Gf money, and the advanced price of every necessary

formable to the Order for preparing, and ring g , of]ife as well as the charges for travelling, very inadequate

feme; ’ iP to

Vou58.

238

8" Martli.

A. 1803.

to the expences which Coroners are subject to, in order to from or from near a place called in the

the punctual and faithful observance of the duty of their Town of Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the county of fice.—And the Witness further said, That, in addition to of Surrey, with a collateral branch from the said Railway the causes before mentioned, the present duties upon hotfes at or near a place called , in the Parish of

and carriages, of every denomination, fell heavy on those , to or^ near to a place called Godjtone , in the Coroners whose distrids being large, are obliged to keep Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of; and

horses and carriages for enabling them to execute their setting forth. That there are several clauses and provisions respective offices with that dispatch and alacrity which is contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will indispensably necessary for the service of the Public; and materially infringe the rights, and injure the property, of that the Coroners in general are subject to various other the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be expences and inconveniencies. heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the granting an additional allowance to Coroners, in considera- feme may not pass into a Law as it now (lands, tion of the increase of their expences in the due execu- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table tion of their office: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Fuller do until the said Bill be read a second time.

Tamworth and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Roads Petition* reported.

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Staverton, Fields and Meadows, Commonable and Intermixed Lands cein^ttaL^ ... a_ rrj i r and Grounds, within the Parish of , with the

Chapelry annexed, in the County of

• r J v j 7,7 . r was read a second time.

lefty, for amending, widening, and keeping ,n repair the Refohed, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis high Roads from the Borough of Tamworth toAJUy-de-la. f Mr. B &c... And t|lcy are to meet litis

fcri.ln heConmyof Lvcejltr.and from Wry Fay. Afternooy,_ at Five offi e clock, in IheSpeaker’sClumber. in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the ’

end of Szvarcliff Lane, leading to Ashby-de-la-Zouch afore- , TJ , . , . ... .

ikid, and also of the several Creditors of the Roads, whose , W rc.ror"d. from ,hc Committee, to whom -l

names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the J*'11 \OT( amend‘nS> widening, repairing, and improving,

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing «h« «n or from near to the Village of in

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been ,.ie. pUn ? ° ir 0 ?r n^ar 0 ’ I'll 'a

,• . , , r> , j , said County, and for making several branches or Roads to

compiled with; and that the Committee had examined - - & ......

the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And,

Mr. Ellis Shipley Pejlell being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts have made great progress in the execution thereof, and have borrowed several firms of money, which remain unpaid; that the term granted by the fold Acts being now near expiring, the said debt cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term and powers of the said Acts be further continued and en-

and from the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed * to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover, Assistance Accounts of

r cl si i rt it- .. li. Tonnage of

larged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased. of 1.mPor,s and W!; atte"d^ a'

That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- door he w" ed "d- at the Bar' Prer'nted to * 4.. * j u a i i.t the House, pursuant to their Orders,

*J'""Si'S"rmCa?d An Account of the number and tonnage of Vessels of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of the reign of his , , n , . , , D *1

late Majesty, Ind the 2.ft year o/the reign of HU prelint S

t. 1 n.J f ’ j- -j ' j w,,r.:nft r»rva; ending the cth January 1793, in the three years ending

anlin ,hf upft y-i/^guhhiul

each year, and dutinguishing the Ports of Liverpool, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, and

Leith: And also.

County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of Szvarcliff Lane, to AJbby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid: And that Sir Ed-

mund Cradock Hartopp and Mn, Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

:*Krnhngton kvunre,

An Account of the number of Ships, their tonnage and Men, that entered inwards and cleared outwards in Great Britain, to and from the Greenland and the Southern Mr. Fyngreported from the Committee, to whom the Whale Fisheries, for three years,‘ending 5th January 1793,

Jill'rcpoited. Bill for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and other- for three years ending the 5th January 1802, and for the ways improving Kensington Square, and Toting Street, and last year; distinguishing each year: And also,

James Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish of An Account of the quantities of Oil, Blubber, Head Saint. Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; Matter, and Spermaceti, imported into, and exported from and for removing and preventing nuifences, annoyances. Great Britain, in the three years ending the 5th January and. encroachments therein, was committed; That the 1793, in the three years ending the 5th January 1802, and Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and in the last year; distinguishing each year, and the Briti/k found the same to be true; and that the Committee had from Foreign Fishery.

gotie through the Bill, and made several Amendments And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Members of the House.

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand

Vtltion of urrey Canal

The two last of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note. he first of the said Accounts was, in consequence of a mistake therein, withdrawn (by an Order of the House, of the 18th instant) and another presented.

. . The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last A£hforSmt'

Scr’oy. Surr.ey Canal’was Panted to the House, and read; taking Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act on, ice. notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway " for granting, for one year, the several Duties therein Ireland, to be lailw3yE " 5 ‘ " mentioned, conlid<lf‘1'

__________

'MSr

mo uku. ill#

8° Mariii.

239

!WL

aid

b-Jf

4

« mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the " articles therein specified, during the said term, and for " regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty’s Colonies, and for other purposes therein rtien-" tioned," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one " thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the " last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting " Duties to His Majesty in Ire might be read. And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties " on Goods imported into, and exported from might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

may appear to require, for supporting the horiour of His Crown, and the essential ihterefts of His People.

q. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s laid ttioft gracious Meftage be taken into confederation Tommorrow.

m customs Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to imtExcise resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon BUI, deferred. tj,e gjj for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported ' into, and exported from Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Excise or Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable upon like articles; and also for ascertaining the Drawback on Exportation, and granting Bounties on Exportation from, or Importation into Ireland, of certain articles therein mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 42d years of His present Majesty’s reign, for granting additional Duties on certain articles imported into, and exported from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself itito a Committee Of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by retail, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaff.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Comt

Irish J Dutiei

Com/rnttf frish Gan Certificati

Commfrtce on toft Stamp Mu Bill

Kin/j

History

f^arjtion,

"f^ceaad

"‘Iliad.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to Isis Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Hr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, fgned by His Majesty'; and he prefen ted the same to the House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties and

Rates upon the portage and conveyance of ail Letters and

Packets within Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for levying certain Duties, to be applied towards the Charges of preferring the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the district of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

t .1 1.1 n*ll 1 1 /" t a . '

Committee Irish Poltag Bill.

Committee Dublin Watch, &c#

Bill.

GEORGE R. . ______ r __________, ______

His Majesty thinks it necessary to acquaint the House had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

° ...... thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Marine

of Commons, that, as very considerable military P^eParaj‘ tions are carrying on in the Ports of France^ and Holland,

Re has judged it expedient to adopt additional rneaiures

of precaution for the security of His Dominions: Though ______ —,,

the preparations to which His Majesty refera, are avowedly — the regulation of His Majesty’s

directed to Colonial service, yes, as discussions of great id b r *»

portance are now subsisting between His Majesty and the French Government, the result of which must at present be uncertain, His Majesty is induced to make this communication to his faithful Commons, in the full persuasion that,

Hilft they partake of His Majesty’s earned and unvarying felicitude for the continuance of peace. He may re y wit 1 Perfect confidence on their public spirit and liberality, to enable His Majesty to adopt i'uch measures as circumstances You. 58.

Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Rill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ubi

240

8"-—9® Martii.

ifh Chalkers Bill,

>mmitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to prevent malicious. cutting and wounding, and to punish offenders called Chalkers, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered,

grossed.

A. 1803.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

The Lord G/enberyie reported from the Committee, to North’* Nat, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole dll' Pre' de Saint Maur North, his wife, was committed { That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

!3h

c’pro A fe:-

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

-and Tax, &c. J om million-rs Bill, icterred.

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a " Duty on Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in * land, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and * certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for

House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Glenbervie reported from the Committee, to Hellmer’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An Nat- ®ill>

■ - - ported, and the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and Act for naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers, was com- paired.'

• i it i a c\ i *. i o.i r 'I'l i r >____: _ _ i i __ i . i an

three;" and an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in " Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand " seven hundred and ninety-eight;" and also, one other Act of the same year, intituled, "An Act for making per-" petual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in manner " therein stated, the several sums of Money now charged

Land Tax for one year, from the

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTable.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

'r/l

" in Great Britain as a Land lax for one year,

* twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred to the fame, without any Amendment.

* and ninety-eight."

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day fortnight, An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, Exeter and the 22d day of this instant March, resolve itself into the passed in the 20th year of the reign of His present Majesty, said Committee.

, Committee an in Expiring

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the Refblu-

for repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter parted. Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, to Biddaford, aftd also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for extend-

tion, which was, yesterday, reported from the Committee, ing the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- the termination of one" of the said Roads, at or near the piring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of to a place*

the House, which of them arc fit to be revived, continued, called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said

v.

1

'•G

Petherton Broadmead Allotment bill, reported.

C

d

a

or made perpetual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mcrcurii, 9* die Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

MR. Burland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to BilU of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

in

were once

read throughout; and then

a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

County of Devon, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 23. To leave out " and Street."

1. 28. To leave out from " Roads," to " had," in 1. 29.

And. the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turn-pike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for extending the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon

Ordered, That Mr. William Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, within ^*11, com-the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County of Sussex; for re- mitted. moving and preventing annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein; and for establishing an effective Police in the said Hamlet, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Porter,

General Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Plumer, presented to the House. according to Order, ^1rWl, Hl a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, vv.rfon!

of

jrtnJ,

ill.

y° Martii.

241

leeii Coal* j^paflei

tml

tfare of Ablate

ad

d

ft

of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of the reign of tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; keeping in repair, the Road from the South end of Sparrow's and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Wat- the fame was read; and is as followeth;

ford \Berkhamp/lead, Saint Peter's, and L'ring, in the County To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert of Hertford, by Pettipher’s Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Lang, and Mr. John Peter Hankey, being examined, said, Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham: And That the Petitioners having been great sufferers from the the fame was received; and read the first time. insurrections which happened in the Islands of Grenada and

Resolved, That the Rill be read a feeond time. Saint Vincent, in the years 1795 and 1796, and the Plantations therein which belonged to the Petitioners, or with An ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the powers which they were connected as Merchants, having suffered of several Acts, made in the 31ft year of the reign of his great devaluation, the Petitioners, for the purpose of en-late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th and abling them to re-lettle, and restore to cultivation their said' 33d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Plantations, obtained considerable Loans from the Com-supplying of the 1’own and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the missioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament to issue County of York, with Coals, was read the third time. Exchequer Bills for the assistance and accommodation of

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, persons connected with, or trading to the said Islands; that An Act for amending and enlarging the powers of several the Petitioners have repaid one-third of the sums so ad-Acts, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late vanced to them, and an instalment of one-third of the ba-« Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth lance due from them becomes payable on the 5th day of

and thirty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, March next, under the Ad: of 1 aft Session of the last for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood Parliament, cap. 39.: That the estates of the Petitioner^ of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals. in the said Islands were not restored to a productive

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the state of cultivation until the year 1799, and from that

time the price of West India produce decreased, and the price of provisions, and other expences attending the Cultivation of West India estates increased to such an extent, that the produce of the Petitioners estates were little more than sufficient to defray the expence of cultivation; that upon a consideration of these circumstances, the House was pleased, in the last Session of the last Parliament, to give further time for repayment of the money due from the Petitioners, and during the present Session, Parliament has deemed it just and expedient to afford general relief to the West India Planters and Mer-

Report re-'F g an Expiring Liw,

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Andover have leave ofabfence for a month, on account of his health; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Bridgewater election.

Ordered, That Mr. John PollexfenBajlard have leave of absence fora week, on account of his health.

Ordered, That the Lord Newborough have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Leycester have leave to go the Carnarvon circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have leave of absence for a chants, by increasing the Drawback on the exportation of month, on account of his.health. sugars; and, that lugars have continued for these last

four years to fell at very low prices compared’ with those

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the before that period; that the average price of Grenada sugar Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred is from 48 s. to 62 s. per hundred weight, and the average to comider of the Ad, mentioned in the Resolution which, charges until the last year, were from 38 s. to 40 s. per hun-upon Monday last, was reported from the Committee, ap- dred weight, but somewhat reduced since the Peace; that pointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, this price is considerably below that in the year 1798, but and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, that the high prices were before the time when the Island which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made of was restored to cultivation: That the expences

of cultivation were unusually high previons to the last year, and still continue much higher than has been customary in former times, fb that deduding these charges and expences from the produce of the sugars, there would remain but a

perpetual, the Resolution which the Committc had dsreded him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth;

100.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That small sum of money for the Planter; certainly not equal to an Act, made in the 5th year of the reign of his late Ma- half a crop of the years previous to the insurrection: That jcftyKing GfMgethe Second, for the encouraging the growth from these circumstances, the Borrowers of money on the of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, which Exchequer Loan cannot have received so much money was jo continue in force from the 25th day of March 1735, from their estates as could furnish them the means of re-until the 25th day of March 1739, and from thence to the paying the one-third of the sum lent to them, which third end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by mull have been paid by the Borrowers themselves, or by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the their Merchants.—Then,

24th day of June 1802, and from thence to the end of the Mr. John Charles Long, assistant Secretary to the Corn-then next Session of Parliament (except such part thereof missioners for issuing Exchequer Bills to the Sufferers by

as relates to the importation and exportation of Foreign the insurrection in the Islands of Grenada and Saint,

possee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations being examined, said, That the sum remaining due from the w America) is near expiring, and fit to be continued. Merchants, Planters, and others, of and Saint Vin-

'lhe said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon cent's, by public loan, is amply secured to the satisfaction

~ ...... of the Commissioners, and that it bears an interest of 5.

per cent, and that one-third of all sums originally lent has been repaid.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- petition «f unto subscribed. Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of land Ownen Messuages or Lands within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the worth'!)"11

).ng

Cntnada

4c' Peiilion. ftponed.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the fifth of the Refblutions, which, upon the 220 day of February last, were' reported froin the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the

House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or presented to the House, and read 4 Pavi^fik

r;rnua1’an-was my s? m

hey do nuke provihon in the said Bill, purlin t to the & and improving, the streets, lanes, ways, passages

Kesolution now reported, and agreed to by the House. J p,ac|s> with},the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County

Mr. Bailliereported from the Committee, to whom the of Suff ’

Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and othe^ding to SSt',

and connected with the Islands of Grenada an * That all the streets, roads, and highways, in the said Hamlet

whole names arc thereupto subscribed, was referred; Tat * *jlf j R d 8 have been lately made by persons to the Committee had examined the matter of the said Pen- (except iucn xvoau r and

Vol. 58. 9

242 9°Martii. 4-1803.

and through their own private property) have always been: repaired by the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of

Broadwater (of which Parish the said Hamlet is part) out of the highway Rate of the said Parish; and that the amount, of such Rate is fully adequate for those, and all I other purposes to which the fame is applicable by Law;

and that the expence of lighting and watching the streets,

; lanes, ways, passages and places, in the said Hamlet, is

wiioily unnecessary: And therefore praying, That they may; be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill,

and that the fame may not pats into,a Law.

Ordered, That the said. Petition do lie upon the Table,

; until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom

i the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then

heard, by themselves, or counl'el, against the said Bill, upon; their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the i fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said

1 Petition.

g

itridi stamp Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the '•'eporte^111’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

I granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned,

to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp ! Duties in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which

y the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

| directed him to report to the House; and he read the

| Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

i|• the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

j Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second

if time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put

| thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

j Friday next,

if. ’

! j . Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

\ bui, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for levy-[] ing certain Duties to be applied towards the charges of

|r preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the

t district of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial

‘; Watch therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had ,-t directed him to report to the House; and he read the

>:j Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

' 1 the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

-•I Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fe-

i ;■ cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

.4 put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-1 j grafted.

1 | Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

1 !• morrow.

Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by, one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the TrifliHat Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grant* ®utl£sJMJ» ing to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to persons •

fplling Hats, and on Hats sold by retail, in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Cararrattee -

resolve itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon ?V

the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marin© Uimy 1 ' Forces while on shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Fame.

Ordered That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which gast India were, yesterday, presented to the House by Mr. Ovjen, from Company’* the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the Accounts, consideration of a Committee of the whole House. referred to a

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve Coramittee* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were pre- F.ftimates, fented to the House upon the 18th day of June, in the last Tstcrrecl-Session of the last Parliament, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, be reierred to the said Committee.

friih Pottage Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the j Bui, lepoited. committee of f|ie whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties and Rates upon the ;jj portage and conveyance of all letters and Packets within

a Ireland, vra.%committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed '; him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-; 1 ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

I j were once read throughout; and then a second time, one

i-! by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House.

■;j: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

c morrow.

h

iftifli Game Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ' reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grant-

: »■ ’ ing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the 1 Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into King’s Mef-consideration His Majesty’s raoft gracious Meftage of yesterday, be now read. purations in

And the said Order being read accordingly; fi^iand"*1

The House proceeded to take His Majesty’s said most COnii(lered, gracious Meftage into consideration. and Addicts

And the said Meftage was again read by Mr. Speaker. thueupon. Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address

be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Meftage.

To assure His Majesty, that H is faithful Commons are fully sensible of the fresh proof which His Majesty has thus afforded, o( His unceasing attention to the welfare of His People.

That, under the circumstances which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate, they cannot hefi-tate to concur with His Majesty in thinking it expedient to adopt additional precautions for the security of His Dominions.

That, though the preparations to which His Majesty refers are avowedly dire died to Colonial Service, yet, as difcuftlons of great importance appear to be subsisting between His Majesty and the French Government, the reiult of which is at pretent uncertain. His Majesty’s faithful Commons, whilst they partake of His Majesty’s earned and unvarying solicitude for the continuance of Peace,

fill],

tte

U

yu kj&v. in. 9°:—10° M

will, with the utmost cheerfulness, Tupport His Majesty in The House was allb moved, Thai another Act: of the

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

ASsfer jefotve it'ell into a Committee of the whole House, to mDutiesk con fid er of an Act, made in the last Session of the Parlia-ttUnd. ment of Ireland* and also, of two Acts made in the 42d year of the refi’n of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland, be now read.

And the laic! Order being read accordingly j The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last: SefCbri of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act

" ported by lietailers or Consumers, and for repealing and " reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance, and 1 " Sea Insurances in Ireland," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly, . -

The House was also moved. That an Act, made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dii-" continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the j " Exportation of Sugar from Ireand for allowing; " until the Fifteenth day of January One thousand eight " hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead

" thereof/’ might be read. j

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instru&i

" for ascertaining the Stock ot Foreign Wines belonging to mittee, that they do consider of the said Acts.

"Dealers in and Sellers or such Wines, on the Twenty-" fifth of March. One thousand eight hundred, and for fe-" curingcertain Duties of Excise thereon; and for granting " to His Majesty a further Duty on lium imported, and "certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to

Clialker* Bi!

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they "the Brili/k Plantations in America and the llejl Indies*in had come to a llelblution; which they had directed him

" lieu of all other Duties," might be read. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the lame was read accordingly. Ordered* That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was ado moved, That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an additional Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee "Duty on refined Sugars imported into tics Kingdom," resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 0,1 triih might be read. the Bill to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and

And the lame was read accordingly. to punish Offenders, called Chalkers, in Ireland, be now

The H use was also moved, That another Act of the read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the; Chair. ....

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow..

same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines in His Majesty’s (lores, or in the stores or warehouses of Dealers in, " or lietailers of Wine, at the time therein mentioned, and " for granting further Duties on Spirits distilled, and on " Sweets or Made Wines, made in might be

read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act of the fame Seffiun, intituled, "An Act for amending, and " making perpetual^ the several Laws for regulating the " Watch in the district of the Metropolis, and for grant-" ing a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers," might be read. And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was ailo moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth day of " March One thousand eight hundred and two, certain " Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland* for "granting Duties to His Majesty,"might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain " Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for granting additional " Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland" might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

I he House was also moved, That another Act of the fame Stffi n, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the " Twenty fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred " and two, lo much ot an Act, made in the present Session " of Parliament, as permits liriish Hops to be imported "into Ireland at a low' rate of Duty," might be read.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- SuPpfy> solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ,leferre<1* fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Wars and solve ltielf into a Committee of the whole House, to con? (erreefi’d<* fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of die clock.

Jovis, 10° die Martii;

Anno 43" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 180J.

Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Chippenham Petition of John Maitland, Esquire, and also the Pe- and tition of Henry Guy, Henry Poole, and the several other Per- eL.onh*tt And the lame was read accordingly. fons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, complaining Petitions,

The House was also moved. That another A<fl of the of an undue election and return for the Borough of Chip- consider8j-

1 ,1 nr* _ __ A___7.__ 1_P___Tim._ 1 0 1

feme Session, intituled, " A:i Act to repeal the Tax on " Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions, in " Belaud, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain "period," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act* made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

penliam, in the County of Wilts, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned

General from the Select Committee, who were Lirtcenrd

"Aii Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth day of appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition Election,

" March One thousand eight hundred and three, several of ‘Thomas Sheridan and William Ogi/vie, Esquires; and also, <Ieterminsd* " Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and of the Petition of Samuel Mitchell* Josiah Abraham, and the " granting Duties to His Majesty in Irelandfmight be read, several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed.

And the fame was read accordingly. severally complaining of an undue election and return for

Vo 1,. c8. the

244

10° Mart 'n.

A. 1803.

the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in- for the said County, being also ordered to be taken into

formed the House, . consideration on this day;

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the merits of the Petitions did depend upon the right of elec- said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in. tion; and that, therefore, the said Committee required the And the door being locked;

counsel for the several parties to deliver to the Clerk of The Order of the day for taking the Petitions respecting the said Committee, statements, in writing, of the right of the election for Chippenham into consideration, was read, election for which they respectively contended. And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in

That, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the Peti- the usual manner, tioners, Thomas Sheridan and William Ogilvie, Esquires, and And the name of the Honourable S1 Andrew S* John

also, for the several other Petitioners before mentioned, delivered in a statement as follows:

" Borough of Liskeard—The Petitioners contend, the

being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of the Right honourable William Dundas

" right of election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Com-" to be in the Inhabitants paying, or liable to pay, icot mittee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

" and lot." Note. That in the course of drawing the

That the counsel for the fitting Members, the Honourable John Eliot and the Honourable William delivered in a statement, as follows:

" Borough of Liskeard —Statement of right of election, " as insisted on by the fitting Members—That the right " of election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the " said Borough, is in the Mayor and Burgefl'es of the said " Borough."

That, upon the' statement delivered in by the counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee

in the course ot drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry,

Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn in the manner dated in the proceedings of the i ith day of February last, was excused: And the hames of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Chippenham election, the door was opened.

have determined,

That the right of election, as set forth in the said date- and the parties, their counsel and agents, withdrew, ment, is not the right of election for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall.

That, upon the statement delivered in by the counsel for the fitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the Carmarthen said Petitions of William Paxton, Esquire, and Richard ^3°" Manfell Philipps, Esquire, complaining of an undue election eo»iki«r*d.

That the right of election, as set forth in the said state- and return for the County of Carmarthen, was read, ment, is the right of election for the said Borough of And thereupon the House proceeded to draw by lot, out Liskeard. of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order

That the said Select Committee have also determined, to form a second Committee, according to the directionalThat the Honourable John Eliot is duly elected a Bur- of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections or

Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Honourable William Eliot is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Liskeard.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of John lnglett Fortescue, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of John Campbell, Esquire, being drawn, he stated, that, being a Master in Chancery, he conceived it would be attended with considerable inconvenience and delay to the Suitors of the said Court if he should be com-

• Report from: Nottingham; ple&ion.

> (Committee,

[ respecting a Witness having prevari-' Stated.

P

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to pelled to serve on the Committee; and he verified the fame the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. upon oath.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered And the Question being put. That the said John Campbell, in the Journals of this House. Esquire, be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hawkins Browne, from the Select Committee ap* And the name of Francis Saunderson, Esquire, being pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of drawn, he stated, that he was by deafness incapacitated Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire; and also, of the Petitions of from doing his duty on a Committee; and he verified the; the several other Persons, complaining of an undue election fame upon oath.

and return for the Town and County of the Town of Not- And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, tingham, informed the House, That he was directed by the That the said Francis Saunderson, Esquire, be excused from Committee to report to the House, that Stephen Brooks, serving on the said Committee; being called as a Witness before the said Committee, was It passed in the Negative.

guilty of wilful prevarication; and therefore, that the said And the name of Charles Cockerell, Esquire, being drawn.

Committee had, according to the power given them by an he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the

c

i'

b

I,

d

a

C

Act, passed in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further regulation of " the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," committed the said Stephen Brooks to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Brooks be, for his fai4 offence, committed Prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant* accordingly.

And a Member being sworn;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and two hundred and nine Members being present;

And the Petition of William Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire; and also the Petition of Richard Manfell Philipps,a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen, complaining of an undue election and return

counsel for the Petitioners.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Master of the Rolls was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 25th day of February last, was excused: And the name of Lord Viscount -reagh, President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, being drawn, and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 18th day of February last, was excused: And the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against, or having voted at the election.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Carmanhenshire Election, the door

was

KjEO. ill.

was opened; and the parties, their counfei and agents, withdrew.

10° Martii.

245

ftjpwihara

Election

Cjsunittee

appointed.

for trial of controverted Elections, to be let aside; and that a list of the names of stich absent Members be reported by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Refohed, That, upon the report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members,'for whole non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without

T he counfei and agents in the case of the Chippenham

election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added,

the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Richard Earle Drax Grosvenor, Esquire, Joseph Esquire, MountifortLongfield, Esquire, William Eger ton,

Esquire, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, the Honourable Join Sommers Cocks, Humphry Sibthorp, Esquire, John Heath- the (pedal Order of the House. cote, Esquire, Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquire, John Powell, Esquire, George William Gunning, Esquire, George peter He ford, Esquire, Lord Viscount Brome, the Honourable S' Andrew S' John, the Right honourable William Dundos.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Chippenham, were i worn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counfei and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed lor hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Luttrell have leave of absence for Leavrof

three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Sir Broderick Chintiery have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Ram have leave of absence for a month, to attend the Assizes for the County of Wexford.

Absence.

Answrto

Addrtfs.

Kiflf'f MefTage rriatiTp to

ailing out the Militk

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of yesterday (to return His Majesty the thanks of this House for His most gracious Message of Tuesday la ft) had been prdented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That lie had a Message from His Majesty to this House, Cgned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth: viz.

GEORGE R.

In consequence of the preparations carrying on in the ports ot France and Holland, whilst important difeufflons

are fubfilling between His Majesty and the French Government, His Majesty thinks it due to the care and concern which He feels for His faithful People, to omit no means in His power which may contribute to their security.

In pursuance, therefore, of the Acts of Parliament, ena-

bling His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia of the United Kingdom, His Majesty has thought it right to

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Dunham ant Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, regulating, Bil

and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Mea- prefenced, dew, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Kinnaird reported from the Committee, to whom the leommfter Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had di reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read j

the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through to join the j

River Severn, near StourportBridge, in the County of Worcester; also an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Company of

n___ _• . r. I r n r - J - -

A.!dnrfj

ikreupon.

make this communication to the House of Commons, to the end that His Majesty may caufo the said Militia, or such part thereof as His Majesty shall think necessary, to be forthwith drawn out, and embodied, and to march as occasion shall require. G. R.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of tins House for His most gracious Mef-

Proprietors of the Leominfer Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, were read:—And,

Mr. Jacob Wyles being examined, laid. That the said Company have, in pursuance of the said Acts, made and completed a considerable part of the said Canal, and erected locks, aqueduct bridges, and other works, authorized to be made by the said first recited Act: That the said Company were, by the said first recited Act, empowered to raise the sum of £. 150,000, but have been only able to raise

sage; and to express the just sense we have of His Majesty’s £.68,582, which sum has proved very inadequate, even to goodness, and of His parental care of His People, so fully complete the works belonging to, or connected with, that

_ ' r n . _ _ f. _ . t r . 1 C 1 «»•.*. 1 .. -

manifested by His Majesty s gracious declaration, that He will omit no means in His power which may contribute to their security; and by His intention to call out and assemble the Militia, if it shall be necessary, for that purpose. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

On

■Hbtri c 'iilot*

'Nh.

part of the said Canal hitherto made, and that the said Company hath thereby incurred a debt to the amount of £. 25,000.—And the Witness being further examined, said. That a great part of the said Canal Hill remains unfinilhedi

-... — - __________ - - , and, in order to enable the said Company to complete the

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His fame, and the works connected therewith, or necessary to be Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council. ' made and done, from the intended communication be-

tween Kington and the River Severn aforesaid, and also to The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being discharge the said debt of £. 25,000, it is requisite that Ka^; further and other powers should be granted; that the said

Acts have been found to be, in some respects, insufficient and defective, and it is'necessary that the powers and provisions thereof should be enlarged, altered, and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal

to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the

pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and Canal; and for explaining and amending the Acts for mak-the names of the Members shall be drawn, and called for ing and maintaining the said Canal; and for granting to the fhat purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every laid Company further and other powers; And that Mr. Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, Kinnaird and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, who shall not then be serving on Select Committees the fame.

Vo l.58. 3 R Mr.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday nest.

Refohed, That, when the House shall have proceeded, upon ihuriday next, to the appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap-

246 ' 10° Marti i. 1803.

TU'porf ou Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Acts t"i- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred cfuiiin Duties to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of the Par-in Ireland. liament of Ireland; and also, ot two Atfts, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland; and who were instructed to consider of fejeral other Acts, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, in the 41ft and 42d years of the reign of His present Majesty, and in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenue of , the Resolution

which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, in Ireland, which have been continued by several Acts until the 25th day of March 1803, should be further continued.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

; instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole lloufe, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Excise or Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable upon like articles; and also for ascertaining the Drawback j on Exportation, and granting Bounties on Exportation

| from, or Importation into Ireland, of certain articles

!1 therein mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, passed in

i the 41ft and 4ad years of His present Majesty’s reign, for

j granting additional Duties on certain articles imported

i into, and exported from Ireland, is committed, That they

; have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to

j the said Resolution.

* iij;h Custom* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to: j ang^[xc‘k resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon I deterred. the said Bill, be now read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

: Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself

; into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Dublin ing of the ingrossed Bill for levying certain Duties to be applied towards the Charges of prel'crying the Peace within deferred, the City of Dublin, and the district of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day sevennight.

« O

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the irish chalker* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- ^j^j. vent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish offenders called Chalkers, in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Marin* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on,

Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irt-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

11

1

I Irish Portage

J Bill,

j j parted.

I,

1 1

! i \ Irish Hat f . Duties Bill, :i»- passed.

b

1

v I i I

t 1

V

1:

• Irish Game Certificates C Bill,

B passed.

Is

d

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty pertain Duties and Rates upon the portage and conveyance < of all Letters and Packets within Ireland, be now read. -And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties and Rates upon the portage and conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossfed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats Ibid by retail, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons Idling Hats, and on Hats sold by retail, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill ta the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Or- Expiring der, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the efta- ^efesnt«L blishing Courts of Judicature in the island of Newfoundland-, to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed.

Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the lufpending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with to the allowing the use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of Filli in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to aifci from the said island; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the preventing the clandestine Running ot Goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America: And, the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Actions in the superior Irish Courts in Ireland, where remedy might be had in the in- co'mmittedL ferior Courts by Civil Bill, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

«fU UJiU. 111.

10°—11° Marta,

247

! i’C:

fcfporr on

Petition of Merchants of Grenada, &c* -ferred to a Committee of ti* whole House.

The House was moved, That the Report which was, and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and yesterday, made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in thefama

tion of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to and County, was read a-second time.

connected with the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, , That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas

whole names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might Charles Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are

be again read. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the

And the lame being read accordingly; Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Canterbury

--- y r ... - and power

•'i sin

CintHTthai

Eletfion

Committee

appointed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 31ft year

'■A,r' r*l 1 1 ‘ of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " -In Act reported.

" for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the " City of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge,

" and for repairing and widening the present Road from " thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of " Barham, in the County of Kent," and for making further and better provision for the several purposes of the said Act, w'as committed; That the Committee had examined the

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider of the said Report.

The counsel and agents in the case of the Carmarthenshire Election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, the lame was called over; and is as follows:

■ n

__ ' 1L Lv\J y J 1JC41 I llv Li 11 ill L L v V 1JUV4 WAUllllilvVI ilAW

Richard Archdall, Esquire, John Fuller, Esquire, James Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Langham, Esquire, the Right honourable William Handcock, ancj tjiat t|lc Committee had gone through the Bill, and

John Atkyns Wright, Esquire, Bryan Cooke, Esquire, Robert made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-Deverell, Esquire, Charles Silver Oliver, Esquire, Sir Williamrested him to report to the House; and he read the Report Elford, Baronet, Lord Viscount Mathew, Francis' Saunderson, in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Esquire, Sir James Pulteney, Baronet, the Honourable George Watson, John Inglett Fortescue, Esquire, Charles Cockerell, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for Carmarthenshire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning. Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 11°

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

tA *ngr°sted Bill for amending, widening, repairing, Rojdui,1 ge and improving, the Road from or from near to the ’ Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County, and for making several branches of Roads to and from the same, was read the third time.

Nlr.Pierrepontpresented to the House, according to Or- Tollerton der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and p Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Tollerton, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting a certain Petherton Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, situate in Allotment the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset, Bill, was read the third time. parted.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Lang ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Monckton reported from the Committee, to whom Stone and the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to macje in the ift and 22d years of the‘reign of his present reported.*

J’-urtton

be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 78. J. 5. After " Highways " to insert " or of the " Churchwardens or Overseers of the " Poor."

Pr. 80.1. 12. After " Trustees " to insert " or any Five " or more of them."

1. 21. After w Trustees " to insert " or any Five " or more of them."

Pr. 82. 1. ult. After " Highways" to insert " or of the " Churchwardens and Overseers of the " Poor."

Pr. 83.1. 11. After " Highways" to insert " or of the <e Churchwardens and Overseers of the " Poor."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and improving, l"e Boad from or from near to the Village of GloJJop, in % County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the A Petition of the Right honourable Peter Lord Gwydir, Petition of bid County, and for making several branches of Roads to anc* the humble Petition of the several other Persons, Lord Gwydir and from the lame. . whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- ^gainrt'"’

Ordered, That Nix. Howard do carry the Bill to the selves and others, Subscribers to a fund for ascertaining the Croydon, 8cct Lords, and desire their concurrence. practicability of forming a Canal Navigation from London Rail"'a/ Bjl1'

, to Por if mouth, was presented to the House, and read; taking

, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Rail-

Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate; and from a certain Gate, on the South Side of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunston and Pen-kridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vr I duviuugy auu uiuviuigy uiw^uauiuiaa uuucc Ui LUC JJUl 1U1 uwiking auu lildinUllliing 3. luta*

ofoeBiii, endows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the way from or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow

anlh of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open in the Town of Croydon, to the Town of Beigate, in the Voi, 38. -

County

248

11° Ma rtii.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin have leave of

absence for three weeks, on his private bufinds; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Stranraer, &c. election.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane have leave of absence for three weeks, on his private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the L/stealrd election.

Ordered, That Mr. Sutton have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

County of Surrey, with a collateral Branch from the {aid

Railway, at or near a place called Merjlham ,in the Parish of Merjlham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey, and letting forth, That surveys which have been taken have ascertained the practicability of forming a complete Canal Navigation from London to Portsmouth; and that the whole extent of the Railway and Branch pioposed by the said Bill is about seventeen miles, and that of the Canal ninety-five miles—the survey for the Railway

was easily accomplished—that the survey for the Canal Lord Granville Leveson presented to the House, Sandon

is not also perfected, is owing l'oiely to its extensivencls; according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and B!p’

it was begun considerably before that of the Railway, altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in and it will be perfectly prepared for the consideration the 2cl and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, of Parliament in the ensuing Session; and that the lines for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, of the proposed Railway and Canal, in the {pace between in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County Croydon and Reigate, interfere with and cross each other, of C and from Wider ft one to

so that, if the Railway Bill should pass, it would occupy and from Rocks to Fean, in the said County o

the ground, and effectually prevent the execution of the ford :And the lame was received; and read the first: time.

Canal: And thereforepraying, to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be.read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, Sibfon according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Bill

doling, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor

agents, and witnesses, against the {'aid Bill, upon their and Parish of Sibfon, in the County of Leicester: And the

Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted (o be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

lame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. M'Dotvall reported from the Committee, to whom Renfrew b the Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto

' Act for3vilf ^r; Holland reported from the Committee, to whom subsenbed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Renfrezv, reported’

H.ms Town"S ^ie Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers , and -and Trustees appointed by various Acts,

'eported.

of an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His passed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of his late Ma-present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, and jesty, and in the 29th, 32d, and 37th years of His present " keeping in repair, the Streets, and other public Paf- Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads therein " sages and Places, within a certain district in the Parish mentioned, w:s referred; That the Committee had exa-" of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Mtdd/efex, called mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, " Hans Town, and for otherwiib improving the lame," relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and

lou^hton

| Keg is :Ncloitire ioads Bill, eported.

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. S'. Andrew S[ John reported from the) Committee,

that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That great progrets has been made in making and repairing the said Roads; but it is necesiary that the terms of the said Acts should be extended, and the powers granted by the fame should be enlarged, altered, and amended, in order to carry the lame into execution, and to make and repair several other Roads branching from or connected with the several to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Roads specified in the said Acts; and that it is expedient

36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open " Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, " within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford," and to give powers for the making and com-

Pni/ic l/>t Aiit Ki; triA I nmnnUion/irc oA

that the said several Acts (Lould be reduced, and consolidated into one Act: That it is also neccfliirv, for the improvement of the Roads in the said County of Renfrezv, that the powers granted by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the second Parliament of King Charles the Second,

pleting of certain Roads let out by the Commissioners aft- and also, by an Act passed in the 32d year of His present ing under, and by virtue of the said Act, was committed; Majesty, should be enlarged, and made more effectual. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for extend-Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties ing the term of, and altering, amending, and consolidating concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the latif- into one Act, several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, and faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had qcth yeaisof the reign of his late Majesty King George the gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Second, and in the 29th, 3 2d, and 57th years of the reign unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Turn-and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deli- pike Roads in the Counties of Renfrezv, Lanark, and Ayr; vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's and for extending the said Acts to other Roads branching Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- therefrom; and 1 or amending an Act,.{raised in the 32d out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making effec-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the tual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew: And that Mr. and Air. William do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in grolied.

re of »ce.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of illnels in his family.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervis have leave to go the Oxford circuit.

Air. McDozi-all reported from the Committee, to whom CLgnw the Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanerk, reported. Renfrew, and Dumbarton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and tound that the Standing Orders

of

_ 0

t±.J 111.

11° Martii.

249

fort Glasgow and Newark fcving,&c.

Petition,

ported.

o:

* t

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com- streets of the said two Towns, and for erecting public markets therein mentioned, was read :—And,

Mr. John Seton Karr being examined, laid. That the said Baillies and Trustees have raised the whole money by the said Act allowed to be borrowed upon the credit of the rates and duties thereby granted, which money so borrowed, together with the rates and duties collected by virtue of the said Act, has been duly laid out, pursuant to the directions thereof} but the fame cannot be effectually complied with, and the other purposes of the Act, fulfilled, if

with} and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it

Where the fame was read; and

viz.

in at the Clerk’s Table is as folio we th To,

passed in the 3 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the term and powers of

prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

" an Act, made in the fortieth year of His present Majesty, further and more ample powers are not granted, and the " intituled, An Act to continue the term of tzvoAfts, made in said Act explained and'amended in several respects.—And the twenty-six th and twenty-seventh years of ■the reign of his the Witness further said. That it would be of great public

" late Majesty " several Roads

K\o

lead!

George the Second, fur repairing the into the City of Glasgow, so far as " the same relate to the Reads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile " House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of " Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of " Lanerk and Renfrew, 1b fares the said Act relates to the " Road from the City of Glasgo to Token; and for more effectually

making,

widening, repairing, and

utility, and of great benefit to the Inhabitants, if the Petitioners were authorized to erect a new Court House,

Prison, and other necessary buildings, within the limits of the said Towns.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Perth Gaol, Council, of the City of Perth, and of the lundry Inha- petition.110"3 bifants of the said City, whole names are thereunto sub-

keeping in repair, the said Read, and the Road of coni- feribed, was presented to the House, and read; containing

" munication between the said Road from to

" Toker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde," was read :—And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That a large sum of money has been borrowed in pursuance of the powers granted by the said Act, upon the credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, which is still unpaid, and that great progress has been made in the execution of the said Act; but the Roads cannot be effectually made, and kept in repair, nor the money so borrowed repaid, unless the term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other powers granted for that purpose.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 14th and 3’d years of His present Majesty’s reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Toker Bridge, and the Road of communication between the lame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde: And that Mr. McDowa/l and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the lame Allegations as the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders, and other Land Owners, in the County of whose

names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 21ft day of February lait: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said former Petition is referred; and that they do examine the matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords Smith: have aSrccd tc

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bil, intituled, An Act to Militia tnin-authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great ing Bllt" Britain for Twenty-eight days; without any Amendment:

And al so,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Irish Revenue Mr. MDowall reported from the Committee, to whom better securing the Freedom of elections of Members to officers Bl11-

the Petition of the Baillies and Trustees of the Towns of serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling Port Glasgow and Newark, in the County of Renfrew, was certain Officers employed in the collection or management referred. That the Committee had examined, and found of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Votes at such elections; without any Amendment: And Bills, and Bills for making Aqueducts, had not been com- also,

plied with, as the Petitioners were not aware that the Or- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Borough-ders of the House applied to Bills of that description, and continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three Acts, had not adjusted their plan till after the tirpe limited for made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign giving the notices had elapsed; but it appeared to the of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Committee, that the public funds of the Town are so ex- twenty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for haufted, as to be quite inadequate to defray the expence of repairing the high Road from in the County

paving or lighting the streets, and repairing the wells or of York, to in the same County, and from thence

water pipes; that the lamps are at present lighted by sub- to Pierfbridge, on the River Tees; without any Amendment: feription from individuals, and that the prison, guard-house, And also,

and council chamber, are in so ruinous a state, as to be in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gatherley- . capable of repair, and the prison is so insecure, that persons to continue and enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, stain drop committed to it are kept under a military guard day and made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of Road Bill. night; and that very great inconvenience, expence, and His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads distress, would ensue to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the it the measures prayed for by the Petitioners were to bede- County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham,

%ed till the next Session of Parliament; and that the Com- and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across Riittce had examined the matter of the said Petition, and the River Tees, to Winfon, in the said County of;

had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to without any Amendment: And also,

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for North Perroi 2nd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common InclosureBl); Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Arable Lands or Fields in the Parish of North Perrott, in

1o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, the County of; without any Amendment: And

passed in the 15th year of the reign of His present Majesty, also,

lor extending the duty of Two Pennies Scots or one-sixth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Bucklefham,

part of a Penny Iterling, payable on every pint of Ale and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths, Plains, Inc, ofur

Beer vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes Bl ’

privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark, for supplying of Bucklefham and Foxhall, in the County of Suffolk-, without the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh any Amendment.

water, for paving, cleaning, lighting* and watching, the And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. SS. SThe

250

11° Mar Hi.

j.

4. 1803.

rish Revenue

Account

prehmui.

Jpptmtix,

(No. 31.)

The House being informed that Mr. Chief

Clerk of the Treasury in Irelan, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Relources of Ireland, for one year, ended at 25th March 1800; together with several Appendixes referred to in the said Account: And also,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Relources of Ireland, from the 23th of March 1800 to the ift of January 1801; together with several Appendixes referred to in the said Account: And also,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Relources of Ireland, for the year ended 5th of January 1 Son; together with several Appendixes referred to in the said Account.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The several Appendixes referred to in the said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Accounts are inl'erted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for the regulation of 11 is Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on (bore.

Ordered, That Mr. Gartbfore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Marine Mutiny Bill, paiied.

| Account of f Vet:cis,

! presented.

<1

Appendix,

(Xo. 21.)

Account, &c. ■presented.

African Com-■ jany.

Orders am! fvegulations.

African Forts. I

The House being informed that Mr. Sentence, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and number of Men, that entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in Great Britain, in the three years ending the 5th January 1793, in the three years ending the 5th January 1S02, and in the last year; distinguishing each year, and distinguishing the Ports of London, Liverpool, , Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, and Leith.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

1'he ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Irish Stamp Duties £jil> p-alfed.

The House being informed that Mr. Parr, Secretary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Anno lioi—The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every article of expenditure under its proper title: And also,

A Paper entitled, " Amo 1801—Orders and llegula-

" tionsAnd also.

State and Condition of the British Forts and Settlements on the Gold Coast of Africa, as delivered Commodore Bowen, Commander ot His Majesty’s ship Argo, the 18th December 1801.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee cf rcfblve itleil into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be no.v read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House, upon Tuesday lad, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, rc-solve itself into the said Committee.

Committceoa Ik.tK India Comp.-ny's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- w.iysan-t fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- dr"

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next resolve itself into the said Committee.

iili cfnlkers Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-ill, passed. ing of t|ie ingrossed Bill, to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish offenders called Chalkers, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish offenders called Chalkers in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General of Ireland do carry Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Excite or T'axes in

Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to upon like articles; and also for ascertaining the Drawback resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon on Exportation, and granting Bounties on Exportation the Bill to prevent vexatious Actions in the superior Courts from, or Importation into Ireland, of certain articles therein in Ireland, where remedy might be had in the inferior Courts mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, passed in the 41ft

The House, according to order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Goods,

Committee on Irish Custom* and Excise Bill.

nimftcc on h Sim II its Bill.

by Civil Bill, be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

*3

and 42d years of His present Majesty’s reign, for granting additional Duties on certain articles imported into, and exported from Ireland.

Mr.

is

/•1

11°

14° Mar til.

u

K^inncj

Li.v> Bill,

committed.

43 Geo. III.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the e(Tab!idling Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the preventing the clandestin Running of uncultcmed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America-, to the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the preferring of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the

251

for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, in the room of Nathaniel Jefferys, Esquire, who has been determined not to have been duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of tho, clock.

Luna, 14° die Martii;

Anno 43" Georgii III'" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A BILL for making, amending, altering, widening, Cam^rtiiea improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading "gni, from the North or North-weft end of a certain Street committed, called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in

Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the

the more crfedtual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the preventing the clandestin Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

Village of Conwi/l Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindre Shinkin, in the Parish of Pemboir, to the Town of Newcajl/e- E in the Parish

of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamlytt Williams, Sir Robert Williams, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, Kind’s Lynn to whom the Petition of Lionel Self the younger, Esquire, pj(-n’Spa"jCl Mayor of the Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the <ioo, ported. County of Norfolk, and of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, was referred; That the Com-

Cor*

dfolTOi;

refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders the said Bill. of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied

with; and that the Committee had examined the matter Mr. Dickins, from the Selebl Committee who were ap- of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the ’•j pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire; the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at

and also, of the Petition of Thomas Mills, Thomas Morris, George Griffin, and James Hoggins, Freemen of the City of Coventry, severally complaining of an undue ele<5lion and return for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Selebl Committee have determined,

the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whincop being examined, said, That the streets, lanes, public passages and ways, of and within the said Borough,

That Francis William Barlow, Esquire, is duly defied a are not projterly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and

<:cJ

Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

Coventry.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

I’hat Nathaniel Jefferys, Esquire, not being qualified, according to the provisions of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for securing the freedom of Parliament, by the

are subject to various nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments, and many of them are narrow, and very incommodious; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit, convenience, and safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all persons resorting thereto, if the said streets, lanes, public passages and ways, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein were removed, and

" farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of if provision were made for preventing the like in future; " Commons," was not duly elected a Citizen to serve in and if a new and commodious Road or Carriage-way were

this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, at the last eiedion of Citizens to ropresent the said City.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition of William Wilberforce Bird, Esquire, and Peter Moore, Esquire, did not appear to the fed Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

made from the South gate of the said Borough into a street called Saint James's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the said Borough: That it would be of convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, if provision were made for Jiccnfing a sufficient number of hackney coaches and sedan chairs, to be used within the said Borough; and for fixing and ascertaining the fires of the Coachmen and Chairmen respectively, and for regulating the conduct of such Coachmen and Chairmen.—

That the said Petition of the Freemen of the City of And the Witness being further examined, laid, That it

Coventry did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

Inat the opnofition of the said Nathaniel Jefferys to the

would be of great benefit and convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the neighbouring country', if the several persons usually employed as Porters in carrying corn, coals, and other merchandize, within the said Borough, were made subject to certain rules and re-

bid Petitions did not appear to the said Select Committee gulations, and the rates of their wages or fares fixed and

to be fiivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a-ne\y writ for the

determined; and if provisions were likewise made for holding the Saturday market, and also the beast markets of the said Borough respectively, in some more convenient part or parts of the said Borough.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

decting of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, spaving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving, the v°t,. 58. ' Borough

DU

252

14° Martiu

A. 1803.

Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for certain parts of the said Roads, and for making, amending, removing nu:lances and annoyances therein; and for li- altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several

cenfuig

; Leeds and*

; WakefirM i Road 7$ill, committed.

other Roads within the said County; and letting forth. That it would be a great convenience to the Petitioners and to the Public, if the Road from Bridge to

the Bridge over the River Towy, in the Parish near the Town of Llangadock, should not be made on the line first proposed on the North fide of the River to

the North-weft end of the said Town, but that the fame should enter into the present Turnpike Road leading from Llandovery to Llangadock, at the East of the said Town of Llangadock, and to pass through the said Town towards Majesty, and in the loth and 33d years of the reign of His Towy Bridge aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the

a certain number of hackney coaches and ledan chairs to be employed therein, and for fixing and regulating the fares of the hackney Coachmen and Chairmen; and for fixing and regulating the wages to be paid to Porters; and for holding ^’e Saturday and oeaft markets within the faici Bon<ugh: And that Sir Martin Browne Fo/kesand Mr. Horatio Walpole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of his late

■1;

■'IJ Stnn •I Si.i!t(/;d Road JIill, passed.

present Majesty, lb far as relates to the Road from Leeds, to Wakefield, in the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry LaJ'cel/es, Mr. Wilberforce, ice: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present form, and that they may be heard, by themselves, counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts as affect their iuterefts. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

‘ and

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, to whom Petition of the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-unto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade ofsomerset. An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the term and powers of and Manufactories, within the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, w'ltsJ£*c‘

of and Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

two Acts, made in the ill and 22d years of the reign His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leadingfroin the d own of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate-, and from a certain Gate on the South fide of the said Borough, called Gieen Gate, through the Towns of Ditnsion and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Road

leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford,

to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate; and from a certain Gate on the South fide of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the Towns of County of; and for removing and preventing

mined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeard to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix,

(No. 32.)

An ingrafted Bill for paving, repairing, lighting, watch- Remington and otherways improving Square, and

Young Street, and James Street, communicating therewith,

the Parish of Saint Mary AbbottsKensington, in the

Lj

ing,

m

Carnarvon Roads Bill, committed.

nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherways improving, Kensington Square, and Young Street, A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping and James Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish in repair, the Road leading from the Port of Pnrlhdinllaen, of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called sex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoy-

Dunsion and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Mo>ickton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ances, and encroachments therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Craig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyfiymdwy, and from a place called Ccrrig-y-Rhwydzvr, to or near to Capel Cerrig,

in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a An ingrafted Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in HougbfonRe-

Bridge across the River Aberglajlyn, in the said Counties, the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-

was read a second time. _ tuled, " An Act for dividing and allotting the Common p^’. ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Madocks, " and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and

Sir Robert Williams, &c.,: And they are co meet this Af- * Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of ,"and to give powers for the making

and completing of certain Roads set out by the Commil-ftoners acting under and by virtue of the said Act, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the shirty-fixtii ;•

Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

powers, of two several Acts; the one made and passed in " Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open i.

the 3d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands,

" An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, " within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of v

" the high Road leading from the fourteenth mile stone in " Bedford," and to give powers for the making and com-" the Parish of Alothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, pleting of certain Roads set out by the Commissioners " through Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of acting under and by virtue of the said Act. >.

" Liandilovaur, and from thence by Cledfulch, and over Ordered, That Mr. S{ Andrew S'. John do carry the Bill

Dv.leys Bridge, to the Town of Liandilovaur, and from the to the Lords, and desire, their concurrence. j

ternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Feiition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-j bnniaoc'k of tinto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Freeholders of the Car.’ Parish of Llangadock, in the County of Carmarthen, was

martLen and Pembroke Road Bill.

" said Town along the Poll Road by Rhiwyradar, through " the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and Village " of Saint Clears, to TavernJ'pite, in the Parish of Kifiig, " at the borders of the County of Pembroke;" the other.

A Petition of the Persons subscribing. Owners and Occupiers of Land in the County of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for en-

made and passed in the 24th year of the reign of His pre- larging and altering the powers of, and rendering more lent Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the effectual, several Acts, of the 24th and' 28th years of his said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in re- late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th, 45th, 29th, and 38th pair, several other Roads within the said County; for dif- years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the charging the Trustees from the care and management of Turnpike an-J other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh;

Petition of vk’ Land Owntt^ r against is,

birrgh Road* h Bill. ):r.

1*

vjlu. in. 14° M. 253

I burgh; and setting forth. That if the fame should pass into

a Law, in the terms proposed, the Petitioners, and many orhers, Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said County, will be greatly injured, or their interests materially affected thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against ftuch parts of the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

hw* tc* A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-lint0 subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of

ACriaIn- Cold Ajktoil, in the County of Glvucejier, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 23d day of February lift, notices were given on the door of the Parish Church of Cold Ashton, on three Sundays, in the month of February last, and in this present month of March, of an application having been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Commons, called Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a Piece of Open Pasture Land, part of the said Common, called Freezing Hill, lying in the said Parish o\ Cold Ashton: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burland, Mr. Gore Langton, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

flymOTth Sir William Eford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Com {.'any of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lain, near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain place called Eford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Backhand, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

1#nSro^ Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 31ft KoadsBfljj year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a new Road from Saint George s Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom,

" and for repairing and widening the present Road from " thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of " Barhamf in the County of Kent" and for making further and better provision for the several purposes of the said Act, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City " of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for " repairing and widening the present Road from thence to " the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent;9 and for making further and better provision for the several purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir William Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vo;.. 58.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton Spinners, Petition Cotton Manufacturers, and others, interested in the profi ^rsto^cS perity of the Cotton Trade, resident in and near Preston, in pretton, the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an Act, passed in the last Session, for * w granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage: of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or inwards in any Port of Great Britain, to or from Foreign ports; And praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer of Hertfordshire have leave of Lc3Ve off absence for a week, on account of the indisposition of part taCC* of his family.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Winnir.gton have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinnaird have further leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Air. Richard Ryder have leave to go the Oxford circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. George Peter Moore have leave of absence for a fortnight, on urgent private business.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon, to give an Proceeding account of what had been done, in relation to the taking

James Trotter;

The Mclicnger, who was sent in search of him, informed the House, That very ftnft enquiry had been made after the said James Trotter; but that he was not yet taken.

M x.James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom D:Mon Inc the.Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of j

Dajion, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; j

That the Committee had examined, and found that the j

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had j

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfacrion of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates alfelfed to the Land Tax;

at £. 1. 8 s. 21 d. per annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Estates a fie field at £. 1. 4 s. who were neuter; and also the Proprietors of Estates assessed at j

£. x. 6 s. t I d. who could not be met with; and that the:

whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is aflefiod to the Land Tax at £. 33. 18 s. 1 old. per annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de- j

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the;

Question (cverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. v

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofied. j

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Pc'irion of unto subscribed. Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of kind Owv, Messuages or Lands within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the $/<’>

County of S/h/tx, was presented to the House, and read; Paving Bi' taking notice of the Rill for paving, lighting, clean ling, watching, and improving, the streets, lanes, ways, pal I ages 1

and places, within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County of Sussex ;for removing and preventing annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Hamlet; and setting forth.

That all the streets, reeds, and highways, in the said Hamlet,

except such Roads as have been lately made by persons to and through their own private property, have always been repaired by the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of BroaJivatrr, out of the HighwaytRate of the said Parish; and that the amount of such Rate is fully adequate to those and all other purposes to which the fame is applicab !e by Law; and that the expence of lighting and watching the streets, lanes, ways, passages and places, in the said Hamlet, is unnecessary: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or by their agents or counsel, against

3 T the

254

14° Martii.

A-. 1803.

the said Bill, or such parts thereof as relate to or concern A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-the several matters hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them. unto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the con- Lands situate in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of lideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com- , upon and adjoining to the line of the proposed

mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, Railway from Croydon aforesaid to Reigate and , in

■or by their agents or counsel, before the said Committee, the said County;

Inham and ignall

:lofure Bill, nmitted.

Upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, regulating, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham, and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William Cavendish Bentinck,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

( rket Orton 1 loi'urc Bill, . fed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ae Open and Common Fields, Failures, Waites, and other i Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orton, other-

! wile Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguish-

■ ing the Tythes within the same Parish, was read the third

i j time.

f The Amendment following was proposed to be made to

r the Bill; viz.

Pr. 40.1. 24. To leave out from " made," to the end; ) of the Bill.

; ' And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

I severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the

Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

* Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of otherwise

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; also taking notice of the said Bill; and letting forth. That the line of the said Railway is intended to cross several times the public and principal streets and Roads within the Town and Parish of Croydon aforesaid, to pass through several houses in the Town of Croydon, and to intersect many valuable paddocks and gardens there; and that the lame will essentially injure much very valuable property of the Petitioners and others, without affording any adequate benefit to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by them tel ves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, Coroner’* a Bill for granting an additional allowance to Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their expences in the due execution of their office: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day three weeks, the 4th day of April next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Cotton Wool expoited from this Market Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extin- country, between the years 1790 and 1802; distinguishing

Accounts of Cotron Wool, &c. ordered.

guishing the Tythes within the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

it ions A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

>"don &c tint0 subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Sub-i?way Bin.* scribers to a fund for ascertaining the practicability of [bribers to forming a Canal from London to was presented

tQ tjje |qoufCj anci read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to the

intended

•tfmouth

Jial.

the quantity in each year, and to what parts exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Cotton Twill exported from this country, between the years 1790 and 1802; distinguishing the quantity in each year, and to what parts exported.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Committee Estimate of the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the aPP0,ntf|to. Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1803: ISmate.1 n*

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, branch from the said Railway at or near a place called

Merflham, in the Parish of Merflham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey, and setting forth. That the surveys which have been taken have ascertained the practicability of forming a complete Canal Navigation from London to Portsmouth; and that the whole extent of the Railway and Branch proposed by the said Bill is about seventeen miles, and that of the Canal ninety-five miles; the survey for the Railway was easily accomplished; that the survey for the Canal is not also perfected is owing solely to its extensive- might be read, ness; it was begun considerably before that of the Railway, And the fame was read accordingly, and it will be perfectly prepared for the consideration of The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament in the ensuing Session; and that the lines of the 34th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend proposed Railway and Canal, in the space between Croydon the Act before-mentioned; and also, an Act, made in the

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 33d year or the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen determined by lot " to serve in the Militia of this kingdom, and of Substi-" tutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and re-" ducing into one A£i of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

Militia, in that part of Great Britain called England,"

Militia Fami-lies Bill, ordered*

and Reigate, interfere with and cross each other, so that, if the Railway Bill should pass, it would occupy the Ground, and effectually prevent the execution of the Canal: And therefore praying, That tire Petitioners may be heard, by

then present Session of Parliament, intituled, of An Act for " augmenting the Militia," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the

31 tan ts,

of

ion.

themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ' ‘ ’ ’‘ ’ ~~r - 1 " An Act to apportion the Relief by the several Statutes

now in force, directed to be given to the Families of non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County

said Bill; and that the fame may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands, or Inhabitants within the Town and Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey: And also,

8

VJTJiU* 111.

14* Martii.

255

* County Rate, according to the number of men serving had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wallace accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported mittee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as foil owe th; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Pro-

MiddWex

Election— Luis of Voters ohjtcted to, to

« for each in such Militia; and to remove certain difficul-" ties in respect to the relief of Families of Substitutes,

" hired men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Ad of the 33d year of His Majesty’s reign, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for convinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifa, and from Benares and solidating and amending the several Laws for providing Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into Office Collections, Benares Revenues, Oude Subsidy, Land actual service: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Earl Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, Sales of Salt and Opium, of Eufton, and Mr. Steele, doprepare, and bring in the lame, and Stamp Duties, amounted, on the average of three

years, 1798-9 to 1800-1, both inclusive, to the sum of Ordered, That William Mainwaring, Esquire, and also Six Crore Forty-three Lacs Sixty-eight thousand and the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, who have pe- Seventy-five Current Rupees.

titioned this House, complaining of an undue election and Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the bcexduogtd. return for the said County, do, by themselves, or their annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Proagents, on or before the ift day of May next, deliver to vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and the fitting Member petitioned against, or his agents, lifts Oude, under the lame heads, which were estimated for the of the persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected year 1800-1, to amount to Six Crore Thirty-three Lacs to, who voted for the said fitting Member, giving in the Ninety-two thousand and Thirty-seven Current Rupees, said lifts the several heads of objection, and distinguishing amounted to Six Crore Sixty-five Lacs Eighty-three the fame against the names of the Voters excepted to; and thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Current Rupees, that the said fitting Member do, by himself, or his agents, Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the within the lame time, deliver the like lifts on his part to Charges incurred by the East India Company in the Profile laid Petitioners, or their agents. vinces of Bengal, and Orijfa, and in Benares and

Oude, under the heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Marine, the charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of of the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from or collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the advances from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of and charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated for the with a collateral branch from the said Railway at or near year 1800-1, at Four Crore Forty-two Lacs Twenty a place called Mersham, in the Parish of Merflham, to or " ~

near to a place called Goc'stone Green, in the Parish of God-

stone, all in the said County of Surrey;

And the House being informed that the several Persons,

Croydon, &c. foil way Bill, CuSUOitted*

thousand Four hundred and Seventy-six Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Seventy-eight Lacs Six thousand One hundred and Fifteen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the

who petitioned this House upon the 25th day of February, annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Pro-11 pon Tuesday and Friday last, and this day, praying to be vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and from Benares and heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post

itncd.and

Couuftl

wlerwL

against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill j The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Erjiine, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have

voices.

Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the receipts from the sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the year 1891-2, are estimated by the Governor-General in Council to amount to the sum of Seven Crore Five Lacs Eleven thousand Six hundred and Forty-four Current And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be Rupees, referred to the consideration of the said Committee; Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves. Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and , and in Benares Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. and Oude, under the heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- and Marine, the charges of Buildings and Fortifications, mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the advances time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said several and charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the charge

of the Stamp Office, for the year 1801-2, are estimated by the Governor-General in Council to amount to the sum of Four Crore Fifty-eight Lacs Twenty-two thousand and Seven Current Rupees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the count of the Calli received and paid on account of the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Pre-Lofiery, between January 5th 1802 and January 5th 1803, fidency of Fort Saint and the Settlements subordinate with the Amount of the Balances in the hands of the thereto, and in the and Northern Circars, under

Receiver General of Stamp Duties at each of the said the heads of Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Cuf-periods. toms. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted,

on the average of three years, 1798-9 to 1800-1, both ofteeou Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to inclusive, to the sum of Twenty-five Lacs Eighty-seven relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to thousand Six hundred and seventy-one Pagodas, consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the prei'ented to the House, upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Owen, annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Pre-from the Directors of the East India Company, be now fidency of Fort Saint George and the Settlements subordi-wad. nate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars,

And the said Order being read accordingly; under the heads of Post Office Collections, Sea and Land

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot, Subsidy from

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Rajah of Tan;ore, and Revenues collected from his

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee. Countries, Subsidy from the Rajah of Mysore, and Reve-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. nues of the ceded and conquered Countries, Subsidy from

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they the Nizam, and Revenues of the Countries ceded by him.

Vol. 58. ' Land

Account of received J^paidca

jpj,

cadered.

Co®;

India Ccfcpany’j foenue

256

14° Marta. ' A. 1803.

..Land Revenues, Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the year 1800-1, to amount to Eighty-one Lacs Ninety-two thousand Six hundred and eighty-two Pagodas, amounted to Eighty-eight Lacs Fifty tllouland Six hundred and sixty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Pre-‘fidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements fuInordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Cirears, under the respective heads of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated for the year 1 8oo-t to amount to Ninety-four Lacs Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and eighty-two Pagodas, amounted to One hundred and Seven Lacs Thirty-three thousand Two hundred and seventy-six Pagodas.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Prc-fidency of Fart Saint George, and the Settlements iubor-dinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Ci rears tinder the heads aforesaid, for the year 1801-2, are estimated by the Governor and Council ot Madras to amount to the lum of Ninety-seven Lacs Forty-seven thousand Six hundred and One Pagodas.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective heads aforesaid, in the year 1801-2, are diimated by the Governor and Council of Madras to amount to the lum of One hundred and Thirteen Lacs Ninety-eight thousand Two hundred and seventy-eight Pagodas.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements iuboidinate thereto, exclusive of Malabar, amounted, on the average of three years, 179S-9 to 1800-1, both inclusive, to the lum of Eighteen Lacs Eigi.tv-three thousand Four hundred

O O J

and ninety-two Rupees.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Pie-fidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were diimated for the year 1800-1, to amount to Twenty-six Lacs Seventy thousand Eight hundred and eighty-seven Rupees, amounted to Twenty-five Lacs Forty-six thousand Two hundred and eighty-four Rupees,

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the year 1800-1, to amount to Ninety-one Lacs Sixty-four thousand Three hundred and eighty-four Rupees, amounted to One Crore, Eighteen Lacs, Fourteen thousand Eight hundred and ninety-eight Rupees.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the year 1801-2, are estimated by the Governor General and Council of Bombay to amount to Twenty-four Lacs Sixteen thousand Two hundred and twenty-ieven Rupees.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, -in the year 1801-2, arc estimated by the Governor and Council of Bombay to amount to One Crore Five Lacs Thirty-six thousand and seventy-five Rupees.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted on an average of three years, 1797-8 to 1799-1800, both inclusive, to Twenty-seven thousand Nine hundred and thirty-nine Spanish Dollars.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company at the several Settlements in India amounted, on the 30th April xSoi, to the sum. of Seventeen Crore Sixty seven Lacs Forty-live thousand Three hundred and Twenty-five Current Rupees.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the part of the aforesaid Debts bearing interest, amounted to Fifteen Crore Thirteen Lacs Fifty-three thousand Five hundred and forty-one Current Rupees; and that the interest thereon amounted to One Crore Thirty-four Lacs Twenty-eight thousand Five hundred and thirty-eight Current Rupees; ,

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the value of AflTets in India, confiding of Cash in the Trea-furies, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be (old in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for use and laic, amounted on the 30th April 1801 (including Current Rupees Six Crore Thirty-four Lacs Seventeen thousand Eight hundred and twenty-nine, of Debts Hated to be owing to the Company there) to Twelve Crore Eleven Lacs Thirty-nine thousand Two hundred and twenty-eight Current Rupees.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the balance of Stock in favour of the East India Company’s commerce in China, amounted, at the conclusion of the year 1800-1, to the iurn of One million Nineteen thousand Five hundred and fifty-one Pounds.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Seventy-four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven Pound? of Debts transferred from India) amounted, on the lit day of March 1802, to Four millions Eight hundred and Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three. Pounds.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and a-Roat outward, confiding of Annuities, calli in Treasury, Goods iokl not paid for, Goods unfold. Cargoes a-lloat, and other articles in their commerce, amounted, on the id day of March 1802, to the lum of Sixteen millions Eight hundred and Two thousand Seven hundred and sixty Pound?, including Three millions Five hundred and Seventy-three thousand Three hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, Hated by the Company as a claim upon Government, subject to adjustment.

Refoivedy That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company’s Goods, which, in February 1703, were estimated, on an average, to amount to Four millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, amounted, in the year 1801-2, to the funi of Six millions Six hundred and Thirty thousand Four hundred and eighty-seven Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

races for Ditto.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Suppty* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were -read and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seamen, an additional number of Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for eleven lunar months, commencing the 26th day of February 1803, including Two thousand four hundred Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and three thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said Ten thousand Men for eleven lunar months, commencing the 26th day of February 1803, at the rate of One Found Seventeen Shillings per man per month.

Refoivedy That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Nine thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said Ten thousand Men for eleven lunar months, commencing the 26th day of February 1803, at the rate of One Found Eighteen Shillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Thirty thousand

Pounds

VitShiais for Ditto.

Wear an Tear of

tij vj kvj. in. 14° Martu.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the wear and tear for the Shire of Ayr, in the room of Esquire,

of the Ships in which the said Ten thousand Men are he being one of the Commissioners for the Government of to serve, for eleven lunar months, commencing the 26th the Mand of Trinidad. day of February 1803, at the rate of Three Pounds per

rr»an per month. A Petftion of John Forjler, Gentleman, Deputy Serjeant

tfoictfor Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That at Arms of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in ^ainiUrif

ittSenk*. a sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Five hundred was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Courts Bill Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Bill to render theprocels of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Service on board the Ships in which the said Ten thousand Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Ac-men are to serve, for eleven lunar months, commencing the tions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,

26th day of February 1803, at the rate of Five Shillings more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexa-per man per month. tious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time. Parliament of Ireland in the 21 ft and a 2d years of the reign were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the by the House. " time for trials by , in the City and County of

" Dublin, and for making the procels of the Court of Ex-Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- " chequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the ap-Iblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon pearance of Defendants in Personal Actions; and setting the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of forth. That if the fame should be carried into effect, it will King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal materially injure the Petitioner, and deprive him of the Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, greatest part (if not the whole) of the Revenue derived by more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious him from the said office, which is the Petitioner’s principal Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Par- support: And therefore praying, either that the said Bill liament of Ireland in the 21 ft and 22d years of the reign of may not pass into a Law, or that the House will grant him His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the remuneration for the loss he must necessarily sustain.

" time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of -

* Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of Ex-* chequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day fortnight, the 28th day of this instant March, resolve itself. into the read, laid Committee.

trill Courts Jilt deferred.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That an Act, lent Session of Parliament, intituled.

made in this pre- Trith Mifitla " An Act for the Enrolment

----- -----7 7 -----—----- — ,

" more speedy and effectual enrolment of the Militia of considererf. " Ireland, and for filling up vacancies therein," might be

W Caffomr «id Excise H reported-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Ex-cife or Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Bill foreon-consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole [rllh Minti* House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into Acts, Taxes, payable upon like articles; and also for ascertaining one Act, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland, was deferred-the Drawback on Exportation, and granting Bounties on committed;

Exportation from, or Importation mto Ireland, of certain Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further articles therein mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, consideration upon this day fortnight, the 28th day of this passed in the 41ft and 42d years of His present Majesty’s instant March.

reign, for granting additional Duties on certain articles imported into, and exported from Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and* then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Grenada, &c*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to confrder of the Report, Peution of which was made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Merchant? of tion of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to and connected with the Islands of Grenada and Saint , whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Wmjir kta ilil), parted.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for en-vent vexatious Actions in the superior Courts in Ireland, larging the period for the Payment of part of certain sums where remedy might be had in the inferior Courts by Civil of Money advanced by way of Loan to several persons con-Bill u-c committed, the Amendments which the Com- nedted with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and

Saint Vincent.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- Bill o*d*red, larging the period for the Payment of part of certain sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several persons con-

Bill, was

nrittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ■Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time.

Vincent: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Evan Baillie, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Writ.

one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- nedted with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint upon, were agreed to by the House. ~

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Friday next. The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply, d*-

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- f*rr*d' Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for theeledt- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next,

,ng of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament* resolve itself into the said Committee.

, |U TU

258

14°—15’

A. 1803.

fays and Jeans, dc-jrred.

pmmittee on

fc*'pirir»g jUws Bill*

s

Berwick Road Bill, reported.

1

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, refblve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Istand of Newfoundland-, to the preventing the clandestine Running of un-customed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America; to the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in

the preserving of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said llland; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the importing Salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in and imported into

England; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 15° Martii;

Anno 43° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1803. Praters.

MR. George Baillie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Westruther, Hardlaw, Bedjhiell, or the Kaine, and,

to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwicky was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tomerton and

vlarrock <oads Bill, eported.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several Acts, passed in the iff and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gazvbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate, in in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow, called Petkerton

and thence through the Parishes of South Petkerton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from llminster to Langport, and from South ton aforesaid, through part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘‘ An Act for forming, " and keeping in repair, the Streets, and other public pal-" sages and places, within a certain District, in the Parish " of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of called

" Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same," was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming " and keeping in repair the Streets, and other public " passages and places, within a certain District, in the " Parish of Saint Lir e, Che.sea, in the County of " d/efex, called linns Town, and for otherwise improving " the fame."

Ordered, That- Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Blackburneof Lancafhirereported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was nude from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills ol Inclosure, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that a Meeting was convened in the beginning of August, by public notice, of the several persons interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed, where an unanimous Resolution was agreed to for the inclosing of the said Lands, under Articles of Agreement to be prepared for that purpose; and that the persons interested in the said Inclosure attended at such Meeting; but that four persons, upon a subsequent application made to them, refused to concur in such Inclosure by private agreement; and that the said persons so objecting, were rated or affeflld to the Land Tax to the amount of 7-f. 11 { d.the total amount of such Rate or Assessment

being £.9. 55. old.; and that the number of persons contenting is 29; and that, as no notice was given at such meeting of any dissent to such Inclosure, it was thought the fame might have been effected without the aid of Parliament, but that it has been since discovered, that it will be necessary to apply to Parliament for that purpose; and that ic will be attended with considerable inconvenience if leave be not given, in the present Session, to bring in a Bill to effect the said Inclosure; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Claughtonbeing examined, said. That there are within the Township of Hatton, in the County of , certain Commons or Waste Lands, which lie dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present situation, are incapable of any-considerable improvement; but, if the fame were divided.

Bill to amend Act for paving Hans Towa, passed.

Hatton Inclosure re-committed Petition, reported.

vniu. iai. 15° Martii." 059

vided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be of great benefit Resolved, That the‘Ell do pals: And that the Title be# to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said premises. - An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances Commons, and Waste Grounds,! within the Manor of mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices Da/jion, in the County of Cumberland.

" ~ Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to

may be given on the Church door of the Parish of Runcorn . in the County of Chafer, tlnee Sundays in the pretent month of March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

OMld

1 Ifid*

I ft*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto fiibscribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the Kumln- Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented

define.

Petition rc-

spefting Notices for

No-thaw In-ciolute Bill,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Tollerton^l and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and confuted.’ Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Toller ton, in the County of , was read a second time.

RefThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William Cavendish Rentinek,: And they are to to the House, and read; letting forth. That, in pursuance meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s of leave granted by the House, on the 24th day of Febru- Chamber, ary last, notices have oeen given on the door of the Parish

Church of Boultham, in the County of Lincoln, on three The House being informed that Mr. Stedman, from the Account*, Sundays in the month of February last, and in this present Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, PeIcnted-month of March, of the application now making to Parlia- attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, ' ment for leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, inclosing, certain Open Commons, Fen Lands, and other An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due Distributor* Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish: on the 5th of January 1803, from the Distributors of ot Stamps.

Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, on the 10th day of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power of October 1802, and on the 5th day of January 1803, to fend for persons, papers, and records. respectively; distinguishing the names of the Distributors,

and for what Counties, and the amount of their respective Orde'-ed, That Mr. Baldzvin do make the Report from Disbursements f>r Incidents, Poundage, Parliamentary Al-the Co n.nittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, lowances, or Discounts: And also, and inclosing, and otherwise. improving, the waste and An Account of the Cash received and paid on account Cath received Commonable Land within the Parish of Northazv, in the of the Lottery, between January 5th 1802 and January 5th lottery? County of Hertford, was committed. 1803, with the amount of the Balance in the hands of

Mr. Baldwin accordingly reported from the said Com- the Receiver General of Stamp Duties at each of the said

periods.

A nd then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members for the House.

The said Accounrs are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Mr. Sibthorp, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

I oa

tnittee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned bad given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude feveraf Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be repoi ted to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-

Mr. Wallace presented to the House, according to Order, Pmmh and

a Bill for dividing and inclosing, the Commons and Waste;

Lands within the several Parishes of Penrith, Edenhall,

Safkeld,- otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Hejket, Wetheral, presented.

taclo. Bill, com. nutted.

out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Hutton, and Nezvton, the Township of Middlefceugh, and Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the Braithzvaite, in the Parish of and the

House. " " " *" ......

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and •Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sibfon, in the County of Leicester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, See.: And they are to

Townships of Raughton, and Gaitfgi'l and Ivegill, in the ‘ Parish of Dalflon, in the Honor of Penrith, and the Forest of Ing/ezvuod, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, from the Select Committee, who Herefordshire were appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Eie<^ion» Petitions of the Persons, whose names are thereunto re- d*te,'mined•

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s spectively subscribed, being Freeholders in the County of

0li!odl>y In-‘""'t Bill, F^nted.

Hereford, and who voted for the election of Members thereof, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Geers Cotterell, Esquire, is not duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament

In-

Bill,

Ktd.

Chamber.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote pretented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Kirkby-cum-Ofgodby, in the County of for the County of Hereford.

Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first And also, that the said Select Committee have determine. mined,

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a second time. That Sir George Baronet, is duly elected a

Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, for the said County of Hereford. fte Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the And also, that the said Select Committee have deter-Manor of Oalflon, in the County of Cumberland, was read mined,

rae third time. That the last election for the County of Hereford is

Vol. 58. void*

A. 1803.

260

15° Ma

.HewforddBrt

fWrit.

void, with respect to one of the Knight? of the Shire to fctve in Parliament for the said County.

And also, that the said Select Committee have deter* mined.

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the opposition of John Geers Cotter ell, Esquire, to the Petition of Freeholders, complaining of his election and return, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of in the room of

John Geers Ottered, Esquire, whose electioa for the said County has been determined to be void.

lent of All- Ordered, That Mr. Tyrwhitt have leave of absence for a

<eace* month, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Janies Lowther have leave of absence i for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Sir Gregory Page Turner have leave ofab-j fence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. P Wyndham have leave of absence for a mt>ath, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Steele have leave to go the

I Carnarvon circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. A have leave of absence for a

r month, to attend the Assizes for the County of Armagh,

TcthjTtTiLUo Petition of John Hall, was presented to the House, difctiarged and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner is extremely i ftoaCustody. sorry for having incurred the displeasure of the Committee

■ appointed to try and determine the merits of the Grimsby

election, in prevaricating in his Evidence before the said Committee; that the Petitioner is truly sensible of his great offence, and of the justice of the House in having committed him; and therefore praying the House will be pleased to accept of this his submilBon and acknow-

■ ledgment of his said offence, and order him to be released

| from his confinement.

Ordered, That the said Jehu be brought to the Bar of this House Tommorrow, in order to his being discharged.

Fern ion of Malt iters of HorncalUc,

kc.

etkion from - XmrnrcLine,

» rcipe&in.g £>utyoji Mak

A Petition of the several Maltsters and Farmers, resident at Horncastle and Spilsby, and the respective neighbourhoods thereof, in the County of Lincol, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of certain hard (flips which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in the making of Malt, in consequence of an Act passed in the last Session: And praying for relief

A Petition of the fubforibing Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors, of the County of Kincardine, was also presented to the House, and read; taking notice of an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for laying an additional Duty upon Malt; and setting forth, 7'hat the operation of this Tax in Scotland, by rendering the cultivation of Big unprofitable, will be injurious not only to the Landlords and Occupiers of Land, but to the agriculture of the Country, and will prove an effectual check to future improvements: And praying for relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more committed. efikftual, an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of IVi Liberty, in the Par,i(h of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read a feeond time.

•R.tJ'olveil, That the Dili be committed to Mr. Tierney,

Mr. Henry Thornton, tec. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 28th day of February last, was made trotn the Com- tgne^'^ mittee, to whom the Bill for empowering the Company of auji, i'ura«r Proprietors of the Grand Ju rift ion Canal to ratle a further cu>UlLicrtii' sum of money, to enab e them to complete the works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41 It years of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Membets of this House, upon the 3d day of this instant March, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further confederation.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further confederation.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Icverally read a second time, were, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Expirlm* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland\ to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; £0 the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America-, ro the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the preserving of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and tire more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and froru the said Island; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great; to the im-

porting Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America-, to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England-, and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majdiy’s Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendments were once read throughout; and then * feeond time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion ieve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,7’hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be irt-grolfed.

Ordered, 7’hat the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in tire Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for coniirming 0.1 kJ <o:xic;~dL " continuing, for a limited time, the Rcstrictions contained " in the Minute of Council, of the second day of March " One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on puy-" ments in Cash by the Bank," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

7’he House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 424 year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue, until three months after any Re-" striction imposed by any Act of the present Session of

" Parliament,

Gc g

Murtn.

ur.u. AAJL.

(i

•d

I..UJJ

tlpTiitf

l-ltlti

la"—16° '261

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a lccond time bo-

morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

84

al

" Parliament on the Bank of England from ill'uing Calli " in payments shall ccafe, an Act made in the Parliament " of Ireland, in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions " on payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Reltridions on payments in Cadi by the Bank of Ireland: prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And that Mr. Cony, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr.

Attorney General of Ireland, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to pro- Militia vide for the more speedy and efildual completing the 11

establishment of Officers in the Militia of Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacanci e therein: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William E/ford, and Mr. Gore Langton, do

Irith Custonu and Excile Bill, passed.

The ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, and also several Inland Duties of Excifie or Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of for-

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Convnitroe Estimate of the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the expence of Allowances to be Militia Eui-made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in ,nate* time of Peace, for the year 1803:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Mr.

Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

mer Rates, Duties, and Taxes, payable upon like articles; Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and also for ascertaining the Drawback on Exportation,

and granting Bounties on Exportation from, or Importation into Ireland, of certain articles therein mentioned; and for repealing two Acts, passed in the 41ft and 42d years of His present Majesty’s reign, for granting additional Duties

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exeter amt on certain articles imported into, and exported from for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twen-Ireland, was, according to Order, read the third time. tieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth day of Road, on the Well fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to

March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in in the County of and for varying the line of certain

Ireland. parts of the said Roads; and also for extending the pro-

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the visions of the said Act to the Road leading from the

Lords, and desire their concurrence. termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the

bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a

The House was moved, That the Petition of Isaac du place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of llarberton,

Kpredto15’ k*4lurc> late a Captain in His Majesty’s reduced in the said County of Devon; without any Amendment:

Committee. Regiment of Northumberland Fencible Men, which was And also,

presented to the House upon the 2 ill day of February last, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny Bill, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better read. payment of the Army and their Quarters; with some

And the same being read accordingly; Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- the concurrence of this House: And also, j

lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for,

matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to naturalizing George Rhilip Kauffmann; to which the Lords Kauftnitnn't them, to the House: desire the concurrence of this House: And also. Kit. Bill.

And it is referred to Air. Anmfley, Sir Robert John Buxton, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bourcard’s

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine naturalizing John Rudolph to which the Lords

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power desire the concurrence of this House.

rftition of

to fend for persons, papers, and records.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee on fclh Militia Enrolment Act.

Mniftion.

r* ftmi.

Bin,

Panted.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wffiole House, to confide1- of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and effectual " Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up " Vacancies-therein;"

Mr. Wickham (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, to consider of making further provision for filling up Vacancies in the Militia ol Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said Committee, That they do consider of making further provision for filling up V acancics in the Militia of Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddireded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Air. Secretary at War presented to the House, according |° Order, a Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia Men w'>en called out into actual Service: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

V°v 58.

And then the IToufe adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Matin;-

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for K^flWinn's naturalizing George Philip Kauffmann, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Boyrord i naturalizing John Rudolph Bourcard, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Send and Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Walle i^ciohue Bill Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of committed.' Surrey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 X Mr.

262

16° Martli.

A. 1803;

ds Bill, ented.

Mr. M‘Dowall presented to the House, according to Or- Roads from a place called in Martock aforesaid,

der, a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, through a Common Meadow, called passed in the 14th and 3ad years of His present Majesty’s and thence through the Parishes of South reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Hoad lead-from the City of Glasgow, to Taker Bridge, and the Road of' ing from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton

ave granted Notices 'pe£Hng »rt Glasgow d Newark ving.

aforesaid, through part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to in the said Parish of

all in the said County of Somerset, was read the third time.

That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg-The House was moved, That the Report which, upon ing the powers, of two several Acts, paffod in the first and Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repetition of the Baillies and Trustees of the Towns of Port pairing, and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton,

communication between the fame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

Glasgozv and Newark, in the County of Renfrew, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given at the next adjourned or general Quarter Sessions

and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a stream

of water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shep!on.

of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Renfrew, and Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road lead-also three times in some one newspaper published in the ing from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton said County, in the present month of March, or the month aforesaid, through part of the several Parishes of South Pe-of April next, of the application to Parliament for the pur- therton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen,

__r__________ 1 i_-/' :j i.L_ r_:j ->____.____

poses mentioned in the said Petition.

lember kied to bring 1 Dunkeld ridge Bill.

Ordered, That Sir David Carnegie be added to the Gentle-, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enabling the Most noble John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the river Tay, at or near to the Town

all in the said County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. '■

'am worth

id Alb bye-la Zouch oads Bill, ucieuted.

•an don Load Bill, oimuitted*

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal and' other Inhabitants of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of com- of, and Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Shops, W are-munication thereunto. houses, and other Buildings, in the Town of Bradford, and

part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp presented to the House, ac- West Riding of the County of York, whose names are there-cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and al- unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had tering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, paffod in the examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the 21ft year relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; but of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, that notice of the intended application for the purposes and keeping in repair, the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby- mentioned in the Petition was affixed on the door of the de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Saw ley Sessions House at Wakefeld for the West Riding of the Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the County of York, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; end of Swarcliff Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid: And and that notices were also inserted in The Leeds Intelligencer

the fame was received; and read the first time. on the 17th, 24th, and 31ft days of January last, and in

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. The Halifax Journal on the 15th, 22d, and 29th days of the said month of January, the application to Parliament not A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- having been determined upon until it was too late to give ing the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years the notices within the time limited by the said Standing of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening. Orders; and that it will be attended with great inconve-and altering, the Road from Sandon, in the County of Staf- nience to the Inhabitants aforesaid if leave be not given to ford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from bring in a Bill, during the present Session, for paving, cleans-Hilderstone to Draxcott-in-the-Moors, and from Wellcy Rocks ing, and lighting the Streets, and regulating the Police of to Yean, in the said County of Stafford, was read a tecond the said Town and Hamlet; and that the Committee had

Bradford Pavin~, &c. Petition, reported.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. Monckton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

‘Ounkeld t iii'.lge Hill, '* Relented.

publin Royal 1’anal Com-j.-ny's Bill, ;ommitted.

examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Sir David Carnegie presented to the House, according to Hailstone being examined, said. That the several streets. Order, a Bill for enabling the Most noble John Duke of lanes, and places within the said Town of Bradford and Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Tay, Hamlet of Little Horton, are not lighted or cleansed, and at or near to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, that the causeways and footpaths therein, are not properly and make Roads of communication thereunto: And the paved and flagged, and are subject to various obstructions, fame was received; and read the first time. nuisances, and annoyances; and that it would be of great

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. advantage and benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town

and Hamlet, as well as to all persons retorting to and passing A Bill for altering and amending the several Laws now through the fame, if the said causeways and footpaths were in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete properly paved and flagged, and the said streets and other a navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the River places were well and sufficiently cleanled, lighted, and im-

Shannon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ormsby, Mr. Alexander, See.: And theyjare to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

proved, and all obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances were removed, and in future prevented, and a nightly watch established.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Camerton and Nktrtock .-Roads Bill, Railed.

John Hall was, according to Order, brought to the John Hall Bar; where he received a reprimand from Mr. Speaker, repn-mnded ill and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying difdiarged. repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somer- his fees.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several Acts, passed in the

ton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a stream of water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the 4

Ordered, That Mr. Erskine have leave to go the Norfolk circuit. ' enc*"

Ordered,

16’° Martiu

263

:-rd

it.

in,

I'd.

I,

ei

Ordered, That Mr. Burton have leave to go the Chester

circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Dawson have leave of absence for a month, to attend the assizes for the county of Monaghan.

Ordered, That Mr. Uniacke Fitzgerald have leave of absence for a month, to attend the assizes for the county of Cork.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Latouche have leave of absence for a month, to attend the assizes for the county of

Kildare.

Answer n Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their

.Addrefi. Address of Thursday I aft (to return His Majesty the Thanks

of this House for His most gracious Message of that day) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleated to receive the same most graciously.

Nottingham Mr. Hawkins Browne, from the Select Committee, who Ek.iio ., were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Pe-iktcnnme. Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire; and also, of the Pe-

titions of the several other Persons, complaining of an undue election and return for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Joseph Birch, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and County of the Town of

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the last election for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham is void, with respect to one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the fame.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petitions did not any of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, that the said Select: Committee have determined.

That the opposition of Joseph Birch, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, d.d not appear to the said Select: Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

A..d the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Speei-i)Report Mr* Hawkins Brozvne also acquainted the House, That *ai(^ ^elect Committee had come to several Resolutions, BWtion'*"1 which they had directed him to report to the House; and Cwnmittee, he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered U in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That John Allen, being the Returning Officer at the last election for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, acted contrary to his duty in opening a poll, and proceeding to take the votes of Eledors for the period of about an hour, and until forty-four Eledors had polled, there being, dunng the whole of that time, no third Candidate.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, after the first day of the said election, the freedom of the election wasgrofsiy violated, by disturbances and riots, accompanied with personal intimidation and violence, practised and continued during the fix subsequent days of polling.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Petitioner Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, after sustaining several insults, and fufftring personal violence, was obliged, born the just apprehension of hazard to his life, to leave the place, and could not venture to return; and that a large number of Eledors in his interest were deterred from exercising their franchise of voting.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That John

Davison, the Mayor, and Joseph Oldknow and Thomas know, two of the Aldermen of the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, took no effectual means to preserve the freedom of election, or restore it when so violated, or to punish the Oflenders.

Vol. 58. V

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, by an entry in the Corporation Book of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, that at a Common Hall, held on Thursday the 8th day of January last past (after reciting the Petitions referred to this Committee) it was " Resolved,

" that this Corporation will defray all such legal expences " as have already been or shall hereafter be incurred by " them the said John Davison, Joseph Oldknow, Thomas " know, and John Allen, or either of them, or George Cold-" ham, under their direction, in preparing for or making " their defences; and that the Chamberlains for the time " being be hereby authorized and directed, from time to " time, to advance Mr. Coldham all and every such sum and " sums of money as may be necessary for this purpose."

It appearing that the Mayor and Aldermen have, by charter, an exclusive jurisdiction within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and the Committee thinking it highly expedient to provide feme better security than is likely to be provided by the Corporation of Nottingham, to preserve the peace within the said Town and County thereof, and to prevent the repetition of the fame disgraceful seenes;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That. the House be moved for leave to bring in a Bill, to give the Magistrates of the County of Nottingham concurrent jurisdiction with the Magistrates of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, unless such or some other measure to the like effect, be taken previously to the next election for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, there is no reasonable hope that a free election can be had.

Resolved, That the Evidence adduced before this Committee be laid before the House for its consideration.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Alexander Foxcroft was employed to procure signatures to one of the Petitions referred to this Committee, namely, that signed by Five hundred and thirty-seven Petitioners, and containing the following Allegations: ’

" That at the said election they had determined to poll " for the said Daniel Parker Coke, but that such was the *c violence of the mob, systematically regulated and con-" ducted for the purpose, that they were completely inti—

" midated, and thereby prevented from polling for the said " Daniel Parker Coke.

" That the said John Davison, the Mayor, John Allen, the i

<c Sheriff, Thomas Oldknow and Joseph Oldknow, two of the " Aldermen of the said Town, and who, by virtue of their;

" offices, were Magistrates, frequently attended on the " Hustings, and were repeatedly applied to to preserve the j

" peace of the place, and the freedom of election, but the |i

" laid Magistrates took no effectual steps to prevent any " of the violent or illegal acts which took place at the said i

" election."

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the said Alexander Foxcroft Hated to those who signed that Petition, that it was a Petition for those who would have voted for Mr. Coke, but he admitted that the major part t

of them were not acquainted with the Allegations against the Magistrates and Sheriff, and that about sixteen of those who signed the Petition were, to his knowledge, not at Nottingham at the time of the election.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday, the 20th day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence adduced Minutes, before the said Select Committee, be laid before this ordctcJ* House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant for Mr. Speaker ! the making out a new writ, for the eleding of a Burgess "P11c?il!ue to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County for^new '1 of the Town of Nottingham, until the House*’ shall have Writ, proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, pursuant Minutes to their Order, printed.

The Minutes of the Evidence adduced before the said Select Committee.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

264

16° Mci.

1. 1803.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other papers of this Session.

A Petition of Frederick of the Town of

'Nottingham, Hosier, was presented to the House, and read; bcdi7chag- setting forth, That the Petitioner is extremely sorry for ' * having incurred the displeasure of the Committee appointed

rition of 'dcrick lit tie worth

from

idotiy,

sport from hippenham ItclionCom-ittee, re-ecting the lnrfs of Mr.

Grosvenor,

discharged.

Mr. Kynajl on Powell, from the Select Committee ap*

pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of

Aj Mr. Carew, Lord Vikount Boyle, Mr Thin das, Mr. of Lancashire, Mr. RoJ'e, Mr. Dag-

dale, Mr. Attorney General of Ireland, Mr. Mr.

John Eliot, Sir George Mr. Lee, Mr. Borland, Mr.

Nicholas Vansittart: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to ad-to try and determine the merits of the Nottingham election, journ, from time to time, and to fit, nutvvithllanding any in prevaricating in his evidence before the said Committee; adjournment of the House.

and that the Petitioner is truly sensible of his great offence, Ordered, That the plan of the Civil List Establishments Accounts, Ire, and of the justice of the House in having committed him: and Payments, drawn out in dalles, and arranging, by referred*

And therefore praying the House will be pleased to accept estimate, the Expence of each class, and of each individual of this his submission and acknowledgment of his said office in each class, in the manner directed by an Act of offence, and order him to be released from his confinement, the 22d year of His present Majesty, which was presented Ordered, That the said Frederick Shuttleworth be brought to this House upon the 6th day of July 1786, be referred to the Bar of this House Tommorrow, in order to his being to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 15th day of March, in the last Session of the last Parliament, was made from the Committee appointed to take into consideration the several Accounts presented to this House, respecting John Mail /and, Esquire; and ait'o, of the Petition of Henry His Majesty’s Civil List, be referred to the said Committee.

Guy, Henry Poole, and the several other Persons, whole

names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, Accounts re-an undue election and return for the Borough of Chippen-by His Majesty’s command, awi'iste* ham, in the County of Wilts, informed the House, That the An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as presented, and said Committee met this Morning pursuant to their ad- estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th referreJ* journment of yesterday, when they received a letter from day of July 1786, and the Charge for the fame in the year Richard Earle Dr ax Grosvenor, Esquire (one of the Mem- ending the 5th day of January 1803; with the Increase and bers of the said Committee) Hating, that he was so ill as Decrease thereof: And also,

not to be able to attend the Committee this Morning; and An Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List for that the said Committee then adjourned till Tommorrow " Salaries to Ministers at Foreign Courts, being resident at Morning, Ten of the clock. <c the said Courts," as estimated by the Account laid before

Ordered, That the said Richard Earle Drax Grosvenor, Parliament on the 6th day of July 17S6, and the Charge Esquire, do attend this House, in his place, Tommorrow. for the fame in the year ended 3th January 1803, with the

Increase and Decrease thereof in the said year: And also,

W'An’for rHie House was moved. That an Act, made in the qzd An Account, lhcwing the Charges upon the Civil List tciicf of Spi- year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An for " Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer"— jtu «i ivrions, " Act to continue, until the Eighth day of April One " Bills for Printing"—and " Bills for Stationary for the ’!utrc‘i. " thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the " Houses of la>rds and Commons," as estimated by the last Session of Parliament, for flaying proceedings in Account laid before Parliament the 6th day of July 1786,

" Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for and the Charge for the fame in the year ending the 5th

* abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of day of January 1803, with the Increase and Decrease thereof - " Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay pro- in the said year: And also,

" ceedings in Actions under an Act of the thirteenth year An Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List,

" of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and for "occasional Payments," as estimated by the Account * other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure," might be read, laid before Parliament the 6th day of July 1786, and the And the same being read accordingly; Charge for the fame in the year ending 5 th January 1803,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to con- with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said year, tinue the said Act, for a time to be limited: And that Mr. A ‘ r,v'1

Jr. Grof-enor to at> :nd in his 'luce.

The Lords pftive agreed to

;j

jin 111 Pod age Bdl, with an Amendment.

rhe Lords ;.ive passed r-agcl's Nat.

i Bill.

T ommittee appointed to ponlider of Charge 011 Civil List Revenue.

Dickinson, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Gregor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties and Rates upon the portage and conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Fageland

to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That His Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House, of the 13th day of February,

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the said Committee.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for estab- Surveyor lishing certain Regulations in the office of the Surveyor woods'Regu-General of His Majesty’s Woods, Forests, Parks, and lationBili, Chaces: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bragge, and ordered-Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

on

Ilia

Mr. Alexander, according to Older, reported from the Report^® Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Enrolment to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Par- Act. liament, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and " effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for " filling up Vacancies therein," and who were instructed

filling

up

to consider of making further provision for Vacancies in the Militia of the Resolutions which

in the last Session of the last Parliament, respecting His the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Majesty’s Civil List, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue; and that they do report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the more ellcftual filling up Vacancies of the Militia of Ireland, it is expedient that so much of an Act, passed in

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Exchequer, Mr. Bragge, the Mailer of the Rolls, Lord " the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia Viscount Brome, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Egerton, Mr. * of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates

to

UEO.

16°—17°

165

nntii:

ftL'

tfltsfc

i*tk

A

to the rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers for the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax laid Militia, be repealed, and that other Provisions be made and Cotton in Great Britain; to the importing Salt from in lieu thereof Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the free

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Importation of Cochineal and Indigo j to the preventing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of in* Ireland be authorized to advance any Sums for defraying fed ion thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk Manu-the expence of filling up Vacancies in the Militia of Ireland, fadures; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and not exceeding the rate of Four Guineas for every private imported into England and to the encouraging the growth man enrolled. of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in , be read

The said 'Refblutions being severally read a second time, the third time Tommorrow.

iniitii

Oncers Bii’, piuciittd.

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Relb-hitions: And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to provide for the more speedy and effectual completing the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Militia

Families Bill, committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jot is,

Anno43° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the ilcl-.ester an Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Petitions. llchester, in the County of Somerset, being come; confiuereJ.

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House,

And being returned;

Several Members were sworn.

Mr. KynajlonPowell, from the Select Committee ap- Mr. D.Grof-

pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of fo"no*t-Ule'

Bill to contin iic Irish Bank Restriction, presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual Service, be now read. /

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Secretary John Maitland, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Henry tending the at War, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Guy, Henry Poole, and the several other Persons, whole

names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of committee, an undue election and return for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of , informed the House, That Richard Earle Drax Grosvenor, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Committee, and whole absence was, yesterday.

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a

Bill to amend and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year

Irift Militia Volunteers Bill, Panted*

of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and reported to the House, having attended the said Com-

~ ~ mittee this morning, they proceeded to business.

And the said Mr. Grosvenor attending in his place, according to Order, stated to the House, that he was prevented by illness from attending the said Committee yesterday.

And the matter, lo alledged by Mr. Grosvenor, being taken down in writing, the said Mr. Grosvenor was sworn at the Table to the truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Grosvenor be excused for his not attending the said Select Committee yesterday.

continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of " Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and two

to the rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers for the hundred and seventy-six Members being present;

and

MCiis)

toured.

firing I3" Bill

said Militia; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to. continue several taws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in

And the Petition of John Frojl, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town and Borough of East Grinflead, in the county of complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town and Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for llchester into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of John Esquire, being drawn;

the Island ohNewfoundland; to The preventing the clan- he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the flestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing counsel for the fitting Member.

Frauds relating to the Customs; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America-,to the allowing the

use of Salt duty-free in the preserving of Fish in bulk or m barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; to the Vol. 58.

And the name of George Johnstone, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioner.

Note.That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who Were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set alide, the Members being petitioned against.

3 Y And

266

17" Ma

A. 1803.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being com- and Bridges in the said County, was referred; That the

it Grmstead iction itions, llidcred.

plete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel on the Reliefer election; and the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the said Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for East Grinstead, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of the Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament.

And the name of Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, being drawn; he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Members.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, William Smith, Esquire, of , was nominated

to serve on the said Committee by the counlcl for the Petitioners.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members wrere drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against; and one other, as being a Petitioner.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the East Grinjleadeleftion, the door was opened;

and the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, the application being only for regulating the Statute Labour within the said County; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:—And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the said Act is near expiring; and that the purposes for which the fame was obtained cannot be effected, unless it is explained, altered, amended, and the term thereof further continued.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling: And that Mr. F/eeming and

General Mackenzie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- fmwrleyton,

mon Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyt on, Blundell on, and Lound, in the County of Su[}'olk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir ’Thomas Charles Banbury, Lord Viscount Broun&c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ctoiur« Kill, co. (.nutted.

tfortbaw Tn-lofure Bill, lafTcd.

Mr. Atkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Ru!>iii»ton Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and tnt|‘"ure Bill, An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Common Fields in the Parish of in the County reP°,ted*

and otherwise improving, the Waste and Commonable of was committed; That the Committee had exa- '

Land within the Parish of Northave, in the County of mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

Hertford, was read the third time. relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title bej that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties improving, the Waste and Commonable Land within the concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-Parish of Northaw, in the County of Hertford. faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 32

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, acres; and that the whole property intended to be inclosed

and desire their concurrence. consists of 352 acres; and that no person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com-A Petition of Mr. Job, Ski, iunior. and Mr. Sharpemittee had gone through the Bill.and madeitivcral Amend.

, , , . England, both of the Borough of Southwark, in the County ments thereunto wh, cl, they I,add, reaed lmn to report M

S.ir&of'Wy.waapresented to the House, and read; taking and ¥"1 he.'eP?rt ,m h,s.

j,rk Pl,,5 ,olice & the gin f0r explaining, amending, and rendetin| agerwardn del.voretd the Bill, w,tl,i the Amendment;, ,n at

more effcauid, an Act passed in the 26th year of the reign the Cerk s 1 able: Where the Amendments were once

of His present Majesty, for paving, elcanf.ng, lighting, and TC1.d throughout and then a tecond time, one by one.

watching, the streets, lanes, and other public patlages and and> "P°" ‘he Quell, on severally put thereupon, were

places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called ag7eSt0 , 'Lt ia M00!6;, .

The Clink, or Bishop of muchcjhr's Liberty, in the Parish Ttat the B,ll> w,th the Amendments, be in-

Petition of ;VIr. Slee and

Bill,

of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and

setting forth, That by the said Bill, power is intended to be given to purchase and take down certain premises belonging to the Petitioners, which are of great local value to them, and have been lately repaired at a great expence; and the Petitioners conceive the purposes of the said Bill can be carried into execution without any way affecting the property' of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

grafted.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Somerset Manners have leave Le.iyeof of absence for ten days, to attend the assizes for the county AWeiiee’

of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir Horace Mann have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Curwenhave leave of absence for fix

weeks, on account of the ill nets of part of his family.

Ordered, That Mr. Hicks Beach have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. Robarts have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Sir fames Graham have leave of absence for lix weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Poyntz have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of the dangerous illnels of a near relation.

I c.f.ir1ing Road* Petition, reported.

Mr. FJphinfloneFleeming reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the County of Stirling, and Trustees under an Act, passed in the x8th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways 4

The counsel and agents, in the case of the elec- t'cVftrr

tion, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a apnanuct. reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called, over; and is as follows:

The Right honourable John Hi ley,

Codrington, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Hylton Jollijfe, Esquire, Thomas Bernard, Esquire, Nicv/fon Calvert,

Esquire,

\tEO.

17° Mar til, 26T

u.Vlit

uitol

■•'Ofi

■j.tfc

fd

f.

L

| Esquire, Sir John Keane, Baronet, Nicholas Vansittart, Ef-

quire, the Right honourable John S-.nyth, Lord Viscount Qji elthe Honourable George Hen edge , Sir

George Cor new a!I, Baronet, Sir John , Baronet, John.

Fonblanque, Esquire, George Johnftoue, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for were sworn by

j the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

ciideferred. The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over uponThurfday next.

Mimes of Resolved, That when the House shall have proceeded fe"t ?Bal upon Thursday next> to the appointment of Soled: Com-uftebei*- mi trees for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do diieift the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be set aside; and that a lilt of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, a futheient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order of the House.

M Miika Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second C" rea-ding of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia " of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates to the rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers for the Bid Militia; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. V

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords, to she ingross'ed Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His fouintllt Ma->cfty certa*n Duties and Rates upon the portage and fegjjiU conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland, be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

J^to A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

5 0 Ridkv:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment; And also, foe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in; wirh-

},. °of any Amendment: And also,

s^u 1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Teribns felling Hats, and on Hats sold by retail, in;

pjs-i "'id-out any Amendment: And also,

Ihe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing Vol. ?8.

the-Stamp Duties in Ireland; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adir Sr. Giles's for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish B'j,r)'aw.itr1°un of Saint Giles-in-lhe-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Amendment?

and for erecting a Chapel on such ground, for the performance of Funeral Service therein, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Evan Baillie presented to the House, according to Grenada, &c. Order, a Bill for enlarging the period for the Payment of part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of unto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution

ao. i*i ° , r . r . ri. r Southwark

an Act, made in the 42c] year of the reign or His present Roads, a^iml Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading Croyd,m&c. from the Stones End, in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Rjl 1 Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway ' from or from near a place called Pillake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral branch from the said Railway, at or near a place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merjl-ham, to or near to a place called God/lone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey, and letting forth, That there are divers powers and provisions in the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend will be very prejudicial to the Roads under their care: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or I

counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the fame may affect ij

the Roads under their care; and that the said Bill may not

pass into a Law as it now stands. j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- j

sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them- i

selves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. ji

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- j

mittee. That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the j

fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. j

Frederick Shuttleworth was, according to Order, brought Frederick to the Bar; where he received a reprimand from Mr. reprimanded* Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, and dif-me ’ paying his fees. «harged.

The reprimand was as followeth;

Frederick Shuttleworth,

A Scleft Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the "Nottingham Election Petitions, have reported, that you gave contradictory evidence before them, and were guilty of wilful prevarication.

Offences like yours tend to destroy all reverence for the most sacred test of truth among men: they tend to defeat the ends of justice, and to break up the foundations of civil society.

But the quality of your offence is highly aggravated; for, at the time you were vainly endeavouring to suppress the disclosure of those disgraceful seenes at,

your education, situation, and habits of life, must have !.

made you know, that you were exhibiting a most pernicious example to others.

In the punishment of your offence, the lenity of this House has been most conspicuous; for, in committing you to the custody of its own Officer, it has spared you the disgrace and infamy of a common gaol: and it has done this in the persuasion, that to a mind, which has at any time been acquainted with sentiments of justice and honour, its own compunction for such an offence must be its severest punishment.

You

208

17—18° Mart', I

A. 1803.

Militia Officers Bill, icferretl.

Bill to continue Irish Bank Reitritfion, committed.

You are now to go forth to your friends and to the world, branded with this stigma; which nothing can efface but a continued and manifest repentance, and the strictest regard, throughout the rest of your life, to the civil and political rights of your Fellow-subjects.

This House has ordered that you be now discharged; and you are discharged accordingly, paying your fees.

Ordered, Nemitie Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Frederick Shuttleworthy be entered in the Journal of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to provide for the more speedy and effectual completing the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in. the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve

venting the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Siik Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in

and imported into England-, and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 18°

Georgii

die Mart ii;

III'11 Regis, 1803.

Anno 43®

Prayers.

MR. Ham/yn Williams presented to the House, accord- Modbury ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and Roa<1 altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in ?reien the 32d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the 21ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North end of LincottaLane, in the County of Devon: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon CT"J^e"ted Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom resetting* the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants ot, Bradford and Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Shops, Ware- Pav'n& &c-houses, and other buildings in the Town of Bradford, and

Yift Griustead Election Committee appointed.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in

the West Riding of the County of York, whole names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices

Bill.

The counsel and agents in the case of the East eleiftion, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House,

a reduced lift, to which lift the Nominees being added, may be given at the next Quarter Sessions of the

the fame was called over; and is as follows: Peace to be holden for the West Riding of the County

The Honourable Charles Hope, John Campbell, Esquire, of York, and also three times in some one newspaper John Osborn, Esquire, John Staniforth, Esquire, Henry Jod- published in the said County, in the present month of ft -II, Esquire, James Brodie, Esquire, the Honourable March, and in the month of April next, or either of them, ■Charles Herbert Pierrepont, Henry Shelley, Esquire, James of the application to Parliament for the purposes men-Ferguson, Esquire, the Right honourable John Charles V dliers, tioned in the said Petition.

Watch, &c.

Bill,

deterred.

Expiring Laws Bill, del erred.

Walter Spencer Stanhope, Esquire, Richard Price, Esquire, William Dickson, Esquire, Charles Shazv Lefevre, Esquire, William Smith, Esquire, of Norwich.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for East were

sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner. And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for levying certain Duties to be applied towards the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the district of that Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch therein, be read the third time upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland-,to the preventing the clan-

destine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the lufpending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America; to the allowing the use of Salt duty free in the preserving of Fith in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the pre-

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom Chard Roads

the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the South end of Weft Moor, and from the Weft end of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through //-minster, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of Pease MarshLane to HortohElm, and from Saint Hill to

llminster, and from White CroJ'sto Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Bridges, to Old

Way, and from the Crofs Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Sowas committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments weic once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, to whom Garriftown the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclohng, the Com- T,clo<ure Blll> mons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garrijlozvn, in the County of Dublin, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 50

re pc;,

rted.

acres,

LrEO. Ill*

18° Ma

Q69

acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of gets to serve in tfris present Parliament for the Borough of

db’jry 1C B;i, itrtni

t; fiBttl N'-htti

toz. fe.

the property to be effected by the Bill consists of 2,390 acres; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time,"one by one; and, upon the Question leveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments) be ingrafted.

Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Henry Loft, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Gihtjhy:

And also, that the said Select Committee hare determined,

That William Aldlish, Esquire, one of the Petitioners,

ought to have been returned a Burgess to lerve in this pre-ient Parliament for the said Borough of Grimsby: And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

Bill to amend

Grind

Junction

Canal

pallet

That the said William Mellish, Esquire, is duly defied a An ingrafted Bill for empowering the Company of Pro- Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Bo-

prietors of the Grand Junction Canal to raise a f urther sum of money, to enable them to complete the works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years’ of the reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts, was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the

rough of Great Grimsby .‘

And also, that the said Sded Committee have determined.

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the opposition of John Henry Loft, Esquire, to the said Petition of William Ale I: if, Esquire, complaining of'

Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of Money, to his election and return, did not appear to the said Select:

enable them to complete the works authorized to be cxe- 1 '... .........

cuted in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and forty-first years of the reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

of the Crow* to attend.

(M?r hving, &c.

Bill,

presented.

Committee to be fiivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Demit) tend this House) immediately, with the last return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, and amend the fame) by rafing out the name of Henry Loft, Esquire, and inserting the name of Wiliam Esquire,

instead thereof.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Return

amended.

ltd.

Mr. Drax Grosvenor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers of to Order, amended the said return accordingly, an Act, passed in the ad year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for better regulating the Poor, Sir M also acquainted the House, Special Repo: 44 maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and That the said Select Committee had come to several Kefo- ,'

44 cleaning the streets, rows) and passages; providing fire- lutions, which they had directed him to report to the rJeaion

" engines and Firemen, and regulating the hackney Coach- House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- Committee, i 44 men, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the 1

44 of Chester," so far as the fame relates to maintaining a fame-was read; and is as followed!; j

nightly Watch, lighting and cleaning the streets,/ows, ReJ'olThat it appears to this Committee, That John )

and passages, within the said City, and for removing and Simpson, Esquire, the Mayor) and Returning Officer of the preventing nuisances and annoyances within, and for better Borough of Great Grimsby, did, on the day previous to the regulating and impro\ ing the Police of the said City: And laid election, hold a full Court of Mayor, Aldermen, Com-

f k i m ... . !_ 1 1 1 A. _ d /L a. ! m /> 11 I a n / I L2 % ,«/I . ■* r* f U i/i J I)

the fame was received; and read the first time. Rjolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bfrort from I'Chdter Election

Mr. John Smyth, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sit William Ommittej, Manners, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and ^Mceofsir return *or the Borough of // in the County oiSomer-

MaKcaue. Jet, informed the House, That the said Committee met this

morning, purfr.ant to their adjournment ofyefterday, when a letter from Dr. Parry, dated Bath, the 17th day of this

mon Councilmen, and Burgesses of the said Borough; at which Court the said John Simp did unlawfully, and of his own authority, admit certain persons to the freedom of the said Borough, to whom objections were stated, and did refuse to submit to the confederation and judgment of the Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough, assembled at the said full Court, the right of such persons to be admitted to their freedom. Which, by the constitution of the Borough, as determined by a Re-fblution of a Committee of the House of Commons, re-

instant March, addressed to Sir John Keane, Baronet, one of ported to this House cn the nth day of April 1793, he the Members of the said Committee, was communicated to ought to have done; and that the said John SimjJcn did them, stating, that Lady Keane was then in the mod im- also partially, unlawfully, and of his own authority, refuse minent danger, and that he trusted Sir John Keane would to admit certain persons, who claimed at the said full Court immediately, on the receipt of the letter, set out for Bath, to be admitted Freemen of the said Borough, to their free-which, as the Committee understood, he had done accord- dom therein, and did also refuse to submit to the Alder-

C’WOriirfty

t'ftfiou,

wrmined.

ingly; and that the said Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And Mr. Smyth having verified the fame upon oath;

Ordered, That the said Sir John Keane beexcufed for his not attending the said Select Committee this day; and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Sir Matthew White Rid/ey, from the Select Committee,

men. Common Councilmen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, in the said full Court assembled, the right of such persons to be admitted to their freedom, and which, by the aforesaid constitution, he ought to have done.

That the said John Simpson, at and during the election, did aft partially in the execution of his office as Returning Officer, and did at the poll partially and unlawfully reject the votes tendered by several persons having a right to vote at the said election, which votes he the said John Simpson

who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the ought to have received; and also did at the said poll par-Petition ot William AJclii/h, Esquire; and also, of the Pe- tially and unlawfully receive and admit the votes of several

tition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, leveraily complaining of an persons who had no right to vote at the said election, which Undue elect ion and return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, votes lie the said John Simpson ought, as Returning Officer,

in the County of Lincoln, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That AyjcoyheBoncherett, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

Vol. 58.

to have rejected.

Resolved, That the Evidence adduced before this Committee be laid before the House for its confederation.

3 Z Ordered,

270

IS"

Martii.

d. 1803.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday sevennight, the 29th day of this instant March.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House, rafls of Ordered, That so much of the Minutes of the Evidence 'led!’ taken before the said Select Committee, as relates to the matters contained in the said Report, be laid before this House.

ve of Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton have leave of absence for a

lcnc" month, to attend his duty as High Sheriff of the county of Dublin.

Ordered, That Mr. Lopes have leave of absence for a fortnight, on his private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Dunjermline, &c. election.

Ordered, That Mr. David Latov.che have leave of absence for one month, to attend the assizes lor the County of Ceikerlogk; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Nottingham election.

Ordered, That Sir Edward O'Brien have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Bridge-water election.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General of Ireland have leave of ab fence for a month, on urgent private business; lie having served upon the Select Committees for trial of the elections lor Barnstaple and Stranraer, &c.

of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Gate

upon Rufhton Common to Congleton, in the County of

and from Hanging Bridge to the Half-way to Spat/:, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and

read; taking notice of the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ad and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hi/derfrone to Draycoit-in-the-A loots, and from Welles Rocks to Lean, in the said County of Stafford; and letting forth. That there are several provisions in the said Bill which will be highly injurious to the Roads under the care of the Retitioners, and to all persons U'ho have lent money on the credit of the revenues of the said Hoad, if the lame should be passed into a l aw: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against lucii parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed •, and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counted, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, it they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, a gain ft the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

tition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there-"■'aiiitt11£, S* unto subscribed, on behalf of thcrulelves, and other Owners ton, of Estates in the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, itill *ure an(^ Lound, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the said several Parishes; and setting forth, That if the fame should pals into a Law in its present form, the rights and interests of the Petitioners, and the neighbouring Inhabitants, will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, j Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

,j federation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com-

1 mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel,

I or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition,

| if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Cotn-. mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

!i. tition

1 pccting ! itices for uthampton *dterworks.

1 i

> 3

I I

' i

) I ) ,

A Petition of the Commissioners of Waterworks within the Town and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 15th day ot February last, notices have been given in The London Gazette, The Salisbury and Hinchester Journal, and in T Chronicle, ol the

application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill to amend and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. R Mr. Aimyatt, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

t iti.m ..f A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in exe-

uiites cution two Acts, passed in the 2d and 22d years of the

linitSi'mlou reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road k1 Bill. leading from Ashborut, in the County of Derby, to the Town

Mr ./Norland reported from the Committee, to whom Tone the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- ^:,vlsatl<*

- . 1 CLition,

unto subscribed, being Conlervaiors ol tire River Tone, in reported, the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bids, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Prates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 10th and 1 ith years of the reign of his late Majesty King IVill:am the Third, and the 6th year of the late Queen Anne, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable, from Bridgvec.ter to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, were read :—And,

Air. William Kinglake being examined, laid, That the

Conservators of the said River have, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into execution, found the powers and provillons thereof tlefedive.—And the W itnels added, That it is expedient that the said Acts Ihoukl be altered, explained, and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the 10th and 1 ith years of the reign ol King William the Third, and in the 6th year of the reign of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Mar-land and Mr. Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Or- Bill to eon-der, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, for made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, Spiritual intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Eighth day of " April one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, pit cn ' '

" passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying pro-" ceedings in Actions under the Statute ol King the-

" Eighth; lor abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also " to stay proceedings in Actions under an Act of the " thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching leases of " Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure And the lame was received; and read the iirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered,

43 Geo. III. 18° Martin 271

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next. Monday next.

lonb Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into con-Amtndmsnt /^deration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, »geBi!l, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain putojffor fi* Duties and Rates upon the portage and conveyance of all Letters and Packets within Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

ordered.

VlZ.

Fr. io.

1. 23.

Leave out from " Enacted " to " in line 43. of the lame Press. Ordered, That the further consideration of the Amendment be adjourned till this day six months.

And,"

laid

Plvmonfh Kiwi Bill,

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Company of Proprietors

for embanking part of th c Lairy, near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain place called Ejford Quar, in the Pari111 ol Egg Bv.ckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for embank-

The House was moved. That the fourth of the Refclu- lrifli Pottaj tions which, upon the 3d day of this instant March, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, and in the 41 it and 42c! years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the several and respective Rates and

" Duties upon the potlage and conveyance of Letters and " Packets in Ireland do ceale and determine, and that the " several and respective Rates and Duties following be " paid in lieu thereof," viz. [ftheparticulars are contained in a Schedule, annexed to the said Refo/ituon J Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Relo-lution: And that Mr. Carry, Mr. Wickham, and Lord Viscount Castlereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of Ceylon, ordered.

i/mls The House proceeded to take into consideration the

tSrntS Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

Bill, * ' '

syndic.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements at the Receipts,&c Island of Ceylon, during the time it has been in His Ma-ing part of the Z.-wVv, near Plymouth, to make and maintain jesty’s possession, to the latcfh period to which the fame a Road from a certain place called EfJ'ord Quay, in the can be made up.

Pari Hi of Egg Bv.ckland, in the County of Devon, to the

Borough ol Plymouth. Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, L-i.li Peltate

Ordered, That Sir William Elf or d do carry the Bill to a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties ®, IJ’ ,

the Lords, and desire their concurrence. upon Letters and Packets lent by the Poll within

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself Considered. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.;

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Com-* j

niittee. j

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.:

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they j

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to'report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday J

next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to M'Ktla resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon v‘j|i'jteera the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present deterred.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1.13. After " into" insert " or be found at " large without leave as aforei'aid, or " other lawful cause, within."

1. 19. Leave out " he " and insert " every such " person shall be deemed and adjudged u guilty of Felony, and;" and in the fame line, after " death " insert " as " a felon, without benefit of Clergy."

1.39. After " into " insert " or be found at " large without leave as aforesaid, or " other lawful cause, within."

Pr. 7. 1. 4. After " death " insert ‘f as a felon, with-" out benefit of Clergy."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the 1 r ____

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more

..‘ha

M-: (fors Bill, •waitted

fcftfyor

'cedi

dilation

Bill,

"(»staL

the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to provide for the more speedy and effectual completing the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, be now read.

And the said'Order being read accordingly; ihc said Bill was-read a second time.

R.jo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

R/fdved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House Rfohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-,oIvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

tad Bill.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord-ino lo Order, a Bill for cltablishing certain Regulations in the office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, Forcfls, Parks, and- Chaces: And the fame was received; <ind read the first time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Vox.. c8.

speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, tc and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates to the rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers for the said Militia; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent vexatious Actions in the liift-. Sm-dl superior Courts in Ireland, where remedy might be it ad in the inferior Courts by Civil Bill, was, according to Order, * read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to prevent Actions from being brought in the superior Courts in Ireland, which ought to be brought in the inferior Courts there by Civil Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to infl, mii;^ prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing

reported.

272 18* Marti;. A. 1S03.

of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Allow- made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in ances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said time of Peace, for the year 1803, which they had directed Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1803; That the him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Committee had prepared an Estimate of the Charge of the place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Pay of the Militia of Ireland, and also of Allowances to be Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for the year 1803.

38 Adjutants -*--*> 6 s. per ach -38 Surgeons -----45. -

1,216 Serjeants -----is. 6 d. -

1,425 Corporals - - - - 1 s. 2 d.

570 Drummers - - - - is.

76 Fifers - -- -- - 1 j. -Addition to 76 Serjeant Majors, 2s. 6d. each per week -- - - to 38 Drum Majors - — 6 d- - per day -Allowance to 38 Regimental Clerks, £. 50 per annum -Rent of Stores for 38 Regiments ——

Allowance to provide Medicines for 38 Regiments and Battalions, at £. 20 each

r

k-

ESTIMATE for 28 days Pay}

L j. A

4,161 — —-

2,774----->

33,288-----

30,340 12 6

10,402 10 —

L337 -

494 ~ — 346 15 — 1,900 — —-

1,729-----

760-----

87,582 17 6

285 Captains - iOj. each -

629 Lieutenants - - - - 51. 8

226 Ensigns ----- 45. 8 d.

12,540 Privates, 44 per Company Allowance of 4^. for one month to each Drummer and Private

3.990 -

4.990 1 4

- 1,476 10 8

17 >556-----

218 to —«

£■ 28,231 2 —

115,813 19 6

EST I^JATE of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, in time of

Peace, for tire year 1803.

To 570 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia, on the corps in which they served being disbanded, an allowance of £. 25 per annum respectively, in addition to the Pay usually provided for their attendance at the place of monthly exercise ——

To 285 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an allowance of £. 20 per annum respectively -

£. s. cl.

14,250 — —-

5,700-----

19,950 — —

fi

F:l

ft."'I

h:

too

|:i :j

23

fc:i

T:’

1 l:

‘0

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Fagel's Nit. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bii), read. naturalizing Henry Fagel and Henry James

was read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

have agreed to R{d/ey;

Mr. Speaker,

Prince of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

Annuity Bill, enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue, until the Fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth year , of the reign of His Majesty, as directs the annual payment

of Thirteen Thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the j Duchy of Cornvjo.il to the Commissioners appointed by the

1 said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

• irish Customs The Lord? have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for nr* continuing, until the Twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland-,without any

1 , Amendment: And also,

stone and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stafford Road for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the ' first and and twenty-second years of the reign of IIis present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of to a

certain Gate, in the Borough of Stafford, called (JaolGate,;

and from a certain Gate on the South fide of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for GIotTopand amending, widening, repairing, and improving, the Road r0;4 ' from or from near to the Village of Glossop, in the County Bill.3 of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County,

and for making several branches of Roads to and from the same; without any Amendment: And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, Canterbury for repealing an Act, made in the thirty.first year of the ^0da Bill. reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the " City of Canterbury, to a place called Gutter id re Bottom,

" and for repairing and widening the present Road from " thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of €i Barham, in the County of Kent," and for making further and better provision lor the several purposes of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The l.iOrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Counter’*^ to alter and enlarge the powers of three Acts, made in the foventh, thirly-first, and thirty-fifth years of the reign of Roads Bill-

His

oULU. 111.

18° Martii.

273

till

His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Mr. Alexander reported from the Commitee, That they part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Ken- had gone through the BilJ, and made an Amendment jington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the rhereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

m----- cv—a the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The House being informed that there was a mistake in Account at the Account, presented to the House upon the 8th day of ^hJrawn’ thisinstant March, of the number and Tonnage of Vessels and another The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act built and registered in Great ,in the three years 01x3frwl-

for amending and enlarging the powers of Several Acts, ending the 5th January 1793, in the three years ending 5th made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty January 1802, and in the last year; distinguishing each King Georg* the Second, and in the nineteenth and thirty- year, and distinguishing the Ports of London, third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the Hull, Bristol, Sunderland, Glaj?ow, and Leith,

better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Order That the said Account be withdrawn, and a in the County of York, with Coals; without any Amend- proper Account presented instead thereof.

Towns of Brentford and Hounflozv to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Read to Coinbrook, and several other Roads in the said County,

so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

Krafiogton Score, fcc. Bill

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherways

The Order of the day being read, for the House to" Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

improving Kensington Square, and Toung Stt'eet, and James consider further the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex-, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein; without any Amendment: And also,

ifarbtOrton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act itcluuit Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orton, otherwise Market Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes within the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords, having taken into consideration the first,

Xdolutiont itbtiteto Printing and D&ibution of prime

bk

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-fbive itself into the said Committee;

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Ways 2nd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, refol ve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrafted Bill to continue several Laws relating to Expiring the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of i«‘*s mji, Newfoundland; to the preventing the clandestine Running

third, fourth, fifth, and sixth Resolutions, agreed to by of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating both Houses of Parliament in the Session 1796-7, relative to the Customs; to the suspending certain countervailing to the promulgation of the Statutes; and also, the Resolu- Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the tion agreed to by both Houses of Parliament in the Sef- Treaty with America-, to the allowing the use of Salt fion 1797-8, respecting the fame, which last Resolution is duty-free in the preserving of Fifn in bulk or in barrels, as follows: and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white

" Resolved, That so much of the said Resolutions as Herrings exported; to the encouragement of the Trade " relates to the printing and distribution of private Acts- and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the " of Parliament, shall be construed to extend only to such Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Acts of Parliament respectively, in which a Clause shall Smuggling to and from the said Island; to the more ef-" beinlerted expressing, that, at the request of the Persons feftual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and

" ■""*— /1- 1 -----u— 'J.'.i—.a — . Cotton in Great Britain-, to the importing Salt from

Europe into the Province of Quebec in to the

free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger

interested therein, the fame is thereby declared to be a " Public Act Have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That the last mentioned Resolution be vacated

House lend an Anker.

Resolved, That so much of the said Resolutions as relates of infection thereby; to the encouragement of the Silk to the printing and distribution of private Acts of Par- Manufactures; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, liament, shall be construed to extend only to such Acts of and imported into England; and to the encouraging the Parliament in which a Clause shall be inserted, declaring growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in that such Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s was read the third time.

Most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in evidence in The Amendments following were severally proppfed to all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, be made to the Bill; viz. who shall take judicial notice thereof in like manner as if the fame had been declared to be a Public Act; to which Resolutions the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that part of the Message from the Lqrds, which relates to the printing and distribution of private Acts of Parliament, by Messengers of their own.

, And the Messengers were again called in -, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

1. 5. 1. 26.

*31^® Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Jgk. re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Lea.

- the Bill to amend and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on payments in Cash by the Rank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ihe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vox* 58,

Pr. x. 1. 2. To leave out "Laws" and insert "Law" instead thereof; and to leave but " have" and insert "has" instead thereof.

After " be" to insert " revived and." To leave out from " shall" to the end of 1. 27.; and insert " from and im-" mediately after the said ift day of " March 1803, be revived, and the " fame is hereby revived, and shall " continue in mil force and effect " from and immediately after the said ift day of March 1803," instead thereof.

J. 30. After " And " to insert " Whereas the " Laws herein after mentioned have,

" by 'experience, been also found " useful and beneficial, and it is ex-" pedient that the fame should be it further continued;" and after " it" to insert " therefore."

And the said Amendments w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

4 A Resolved,

274

18—21* Martil.

A. 1803.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to all in the

An Act to revive and continue, until the first day of March County of Berwick.

one thousand eight hundred and six, An Act, made in tho thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into execution the Treaty with America, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the preserving of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the IJleof Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said

Ordered, That Mr. George Baillie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

I Ian flop Inclosuie Bill present#d

B'rwick Road Bill* pafod.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancajlnre reported from the Com-. LongPrefton. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord and the humble Petition of the repotted,

several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed,

Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within or near the several Parishes and places thereinafter mentioned, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them', to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Lawrence Shaw being examined, laid, That there is at Island, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred present great occasion for a Turnpike Road between and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the Ma- ley and Colne in the Parish of in the County

nufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the t*ven- Palatine of to communicate with another Turn-

ty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and six; pike Road leading from the Market Town of to

to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of the Town of Settle, near Long Preston, in the County of Quebec in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June one York, to pass through the Townships of Mar j den, -

thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the ford, and the several other places mentioned in the Peti-end of the then next. Session of Parliament; to the free tion; and, that if the said Road was made, it will be of Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth considerable benefit to the country through which it will day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, pass, and will be also several miles nearer than the present and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Highway.

Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Goods, and the danger of infection thereby, to the twenty- amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session Township of MarJ'Jen, in the Parish of Whalley, in the of Parliament; to the encouragement of the Silk Manu- County Palatine ot Lancaster, to the Town of Gijhtrn, in factures, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spi- near the Town or Village of Long Prejion, in the said; rits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the County of York; And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancajlnre first day of December one thousand eight hundred and and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame, nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session

of Parliament; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee Mr of Lancajlnre reported from the Com- Leeds, and

in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, to the twenty- mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Propri-

fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and nine, etors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was tion, repotted.

and from thence to the end of the then next Session of referred; That the Committee had examined, and found'

Parliament. that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Na-

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the vigation Bills, and Bills for making Railways, had been

Lords, and desire their concurrence. complied with; and that the Committee had examined

, , , . tt r ,• , •» i the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

And then the House adjourned till Monday t the farae> as it appeared to them, to the House;

orning next. Ten of the clock. and jie reatj the Report in isis piace} and afterwards

__________ delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was

- 4 read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the ioth, 23d, 30th, and 34th years of the reign ot His present Majesty, for making and completing the said Canal, and other purposes, were read :—And,

Mr. Samuel Fletcher being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors have made considerable progress towards completing the said Canal, and the fame is now navigable from Leeds to a certain place called Henfield Common, in the Township of Clayton~le~ Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and so much of the said Canal as extends from Liverpool to a place called Newborough, in the said County Palatine, is also navigable; and that, by virtue of an Act passed in the 6th year of the reign of King George the First, a navigable Cut or Canal hath been made from or near the Town of IVigan, to communicate with the said

iikg r.; I

LrJ

S:*i

Lunai, 21® die Martii;

* Anno 430 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

A 4T R. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, iVJL a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanflop, otherwise Hanjlope, in the County of

Buckingham: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and maintaining the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Thorny dike, Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Newborough aforesaid; and Wefiruther, Hardlaw, Bcdfhicll, or the Kaine, and Choicelee, that by surveys lately made, it appears that a navigable to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Cut or Canal may be made from and out of the deviation Dunfe, all in the County of Benvick, was read the third of the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, authorized to be time. made in and by the said Act of the 34th year of His present

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Majesty, from or near a certain place called An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branching otherwise Hemis Bridge, in the Township of Wigan, to join out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlazv, and communicate with the Canal Navigation of the Duke and passing through or near Thornydike, Wefiruther, Hard- of Bridgewater in the Township of Pennington, in the Parish law, Bedfhieli, or the Kaim, and Choicelee, to where it joins of Leigh, in the said County Palatine, with a branch or £ Railed

mo ueu. 111.

21° Martii.

2T5

R? ?i3ai

0]J5

.n^n,

Railed Way thereout in the Township of Abram to a certain given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction the place called Low Ha!I, which will open an eaty access to Committee (except the Proprietors of 4 icazes of Land many valuable and extensive mines of coal, cannel, and claiming right of common, who refused to tign the Bill; other minerals, in the adjacent country, and afford a cheap and also except the Proprietors of 23 leazes, who could and easy conveyance of those articles, and of goods, wares, not be met with; and that the whole of the property bc-and merchandizes, between the Town of Wigan aforesaid, longing to persons interested in the Inclosure, con lifts of and the populous anti manufacturing Town of Manchester, 209 leazes of Land; and that no person appeared before in the said County Palatine, and the country near the fame, the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com-and will be of great benefit to the Petitioners.—And the mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Witness further laid, That the said Company are desirous to ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report complete the said Canai Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and and to make and maintain the said proposed Cut at their afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

giolied.

own expence; and that the above-mentioned Acts should in some respects be varied, amended, and altered, and that in

order to make and complete the said proposed Cut or Canal from tfenhurfi Bridge, otherwise Iiennis Bridge, to join and communicate with the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, and also 1’uch part of the said deviation of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal authorized to be made, as remains

unfinished, it will be neceslaryfor the Petitioners to borrow, _

and take up at interest, a further sum of money upon the- inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common committed

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and

credit of the said incorporated Navigations.

Ordered, That leave- be given to bring in a Bill, far enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation to make a navigable Cut from and out of the fame, near Wigan, to join and communi-cate-with the Navigation late belonging to the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, in the Township of Pennington, in the Parish of Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for making a navigable Branch or Railway from such intended Cut, and for completing the said Leeds and Liver^elCana! Navigation: And that Mr. Blackburne, of Lancajliire and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

MioDof Mr. Robert Dmtdas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of Writers to the Signet Maud, in Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter-of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Gibson being examined, said, that the Petitioners, having resolved to establish a scheme for providing Annuities to the Widows of such of their Members as shall become contributors thereto, and for that purpose to raise certain sums from their Members by annual payments, and otherwise, are desirous of obtaining the authority of Parliament to this institution.

Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in Blewberry, in the County of , was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Fan/ittart, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir George August us William Shuck burgh Leave of Ab-

Evelyn have further leave of absence for twro months, on teice* account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Thorot on have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the election for the county of Hereford. \

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have leave of absence for a J

month, on account of his health. i

Ordered, That Mr. Dv.gdJ.e have leave of absence for a j

fortnight, to attend the Assizes for the county of - '!

wick, he having served upon the Select Committee for- j

trial of the Penryn election. . j

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Surveyor Ge-j reading of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in w /RegU the office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, lation Bill, , Forests, Parks, and Chares, be now read. committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

The Lord Glenbervie {by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raif- as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House

WonTt

Nat. Bill, ‘wuaitled.

ing and securinga Fund for making provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty’s Signet in Scotland: And that Mr. Robert Dundas and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

RetoThat this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself for naturalizing John Rudolph Bourcard, was read a second into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldzvin, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for al- Greenland Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet this After- lowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery BiI1’

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'fannn’j tot- Bill, swimuRcd,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Philip Kanffmann, was read a second time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Hobhouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports, for the present season: And that the Lord , Mr.

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition fro

Manufacturer:- of Co

hdi

cn-fr

tyrici

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods in the Town and Neighbourhood of , was presented to the House, and tore-xk!

read; setting forth. That the Laws existing previous to St°ckrrt>f Mr. Morton Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Act, pafl’ed in the 39th and 40th years of the rei'gn of f"tVpetl-die Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common His present Majesty, for settling disputes between Matters tion. and Waste Lands in the Pari 111 of East Slower, otherwise and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Stnver East Slower, in the County of Dorset, was com- England, afforded much more effectual remedies for th© routed; That the Committee had examined, and found fetdement of differences between Matters and Workmen, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of than have been obtained by the provisions of that Act*

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- and that the said Act has been the source not only of vex-roittce had examined the Allegations of, the Bill, and found ation and oppression to the Master, by involving him in the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had frivolous disputes with the restless and discon^ented part Vol <8. of

276

21° Martii.

cl. 1803.

of his Servants, but also of serious injury to the Weaver, by the additional lots of time he has been obliged to fub-mit to in bringing his disputes to a decision, and to both parties has been productive of much animosity, as well as of fruitless and expensive litigation; and that the Petitioners intended to have applied to the House, for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, not conceiving that such Bill would be considered of a private nature; but being now advised that it may fall under that description: therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for that purpose.

eave given. Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir-

cumstances ■set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired. efition for Then a Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants otton°Mi'a' an^ Manufacturers of Cotton Goods in the Town and ufaflurers Neighbourhood of Stockport, was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preced-

ing Petition: And praying for leave to bring in a Bill for a total repeal of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the considerajion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Stanley, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

ippmgale, Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to x. inciofure whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the reporte . Qp^ Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other

Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of and

Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That ;he Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

owe In-ofure Bill, resented.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, lngs, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed '! Lands and Grounds, within the Township of and

f! the Hamlets of Sturton and in the Parish of Stowe,

|[ in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received}

■ and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

eft Rafen Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House, according riented B'll> *° Order, a for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im-lente ‘ proving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, lngs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weft Rafen, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

; ard Roads ojj passed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the South end of Moor, and from the Weft end of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llminster, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Ratte

Hill to llminster, and from IVkite Croft to Chillington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old iVay, and from. The Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in

the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the South end of Weft Moor, and from the Weft end of the Yeovil Turnpike lload, through llminster, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Hill to llminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over I/ford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Soinerfet.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto tion, reported subscribed, Inhabitants of Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and'is as followeth } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Mason being examined, said. That some time in or about the year 1800, the roof, with the middle aisle, and great part of the outer walls of the Parish Church of Dagenham, fell down: That the Parishioners have expended by Rates, and the produce of Briefs, upwards of £. 2,000, in repairing the said roof, tower, and walls; and that the additional sum of £. 1,500 has been expended.—And the Witness added, That the further sum of £.2,000 will be required to put the said Church into such repair as to enable the Parishioners to assemble therein} and which the Petitioners are unable to rail'e, without the aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Harvey, Mr. BuT lock, and Sir Henry Paulet S'• John Mildmay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ruftington the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Ruftington, incioftireKH in the County of Sussex, was read the third time. pa e "

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Ruftington, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Kinnaird presented to the House, according to Leommfter Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their P debts, and to-complete the Canal; and for explaining and,

amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other powers: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Motion for it bean Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill committee on for providing ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the Saint Pancra* use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Mid- Poor j dlesex; for railing Money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the better relief, government, and employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other purposes, is committed, That they do not proceed upon the said Bill until Wednesday seven-night, the 30th day of this instant March;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

1 A.i

l

.ir:

rp , c , v- (Sir Francis Burdett, \

Tellers for the YeaS, J Mr f 38-

, £. vr (Mr. A\

Tellers for the Noes,^ Dm . j 4°.

So it passed in the Negative.

The

fj V/JKU. 111.

21° Mart it.

27T

Committee

jppointed

receive to Short Hand Writers at Elation Com-nittrts.

u

.te

tftd

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 43d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted " Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, " and for expediting the proceedings relating thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration so much of the said Act as relates to the employment of Persons /killed in the art of writing Short Hand, to take the Evidence adduced before the Select Committees for trial of controverted EJeftions; and that they do consider of the expence occasioned thereby, and how it shall be paid; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bur don, the Earl of EuJJon, Mr. Bagwell, Mr. Lee, Mr. , Mr.

Baldwin, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Dickinson, junior. Sir James Pulteney, M'r. Hawkins Browne, General Norton,

Mr. Fox, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Praed, Mr. Calcraft, Lord Robert Spencer, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Ryder, Sir Ralph Mdbanke, Sir Edward Sir

Thomas T/ieophiius Metcalfe, Sir Martin Browne Mr.

Curwen, and all the Members who have served on Election Committees in this Session of Parliament: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

5th January 1795, in the three years ending 5th January 1802, and in the Jaftyear; distinguishing each year, and distinguishing the Ports of London, Liverpool, Hull,

Neivcqfile, Sunderland, Glasgow, and Leith: And al so.

An Account of the quantity of Cotton Wool exported Cottjn Wo from this Country between the years 1790 and 1802; distinguishing the quantity in each year, and to what parts exported: And also.

An Account of the quantity of Cotton Twist or Yarn Co*ton exported from this Country between the years 1790 and Tvfi^* 1802; distinguishing the quantity in each year, and to what parts exported.

And then he withdrew; and the Tides were read.

Ordered,.That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Thefirft* of the said Accounts is inserted in the Appendix to this volume; and the two last f are also inserted.

Appendix,

•(No. 21. t(No. 33.

laiiocon- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-

bnue Act for ing of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an

HtuJPerfolii Ad, made in the 42c! year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Eighth " day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, an

committed.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for providing an act- Giles's Burial ditional Burial Ground for the Parish of Ground Bill,

Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for erecting a co^id^rc^ Chapel on such Ground, for the performance of Funeral Service therein, be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That that part of the Message from the Lords, Metn^e from of Friday last, which relates to the printing and distribu- reiatKe to* tion of private Acts of Parliament, be taken into confi private Acts, deration Tommorrow. t,;.be

co u lid c reu.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report on. further considerat ion the Report from the Committee of the Kail India whole House, to whom it was referred to conilderof the Revenue* ‘ several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the Accounts, House upon the 8tn clay of this inllant March, relating to jeered con'

Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Haying Revenues of the East India Company; and to whom

" proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry M the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " pluralities of Livings, and f taking of Ferms; and all'o " to stay proceedings in Act.ons under an Act of the " thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching leases of " Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure," be now read.

And tire said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That ti e Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

were referred the several Accounts and Papers relating thereto, which w’ere prefen! ed to the House upon the 18th day of June, in the last Session of the last Parliament.

And the first twenty-two Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th day of March 1794, of the several Orders for laying before the House, the Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, and other Statements, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, as directed in an Act of the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty; and also, a Comparil'on of the Stock, per computation, of the

ljr

il

Tit Lords

btagacd

to

k wthw for dividin g allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, upon, agreed to by the House.

and Waile Grounds, within the Manor of Dalfton, in the That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee

East India Company, exclusive of their capital Stock, as A Meffi-e from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys made up to the ift of March 1793, and the ill of March and Mr. Ord; ' 17 94* might be read.

Mr. Speaker, And the lame being read accordingly;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lhe laitl Resolution was, upon the Question put there-

lords Spalled ^nfon's fcae Bill.

County of Cumberland; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords ddirc the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Robenfon, Esquire, of Ladykirk, to exchange

the Lands of Bandeath, Hi/UmfeField, and Kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid-Lothian, and East Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations, contained in a diipo-fition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather, for the Lands of Ramrig and Greenftde, belonging to him in tee simple, and lying in the County of Berwick; to which the Lords deffre the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, pafl'cd in the present volunteers Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more " speedyand effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland,

" and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates to the rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers for the said Militia; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Ftitnttd.

v5!"!5? of

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; House will please to receive the same.

was called in; anti, at the Bar, present ed to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number and Tonnage of Vessels built and registered in Great Britain, in the three years ending

Vol. 58.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the lri(h Post Committee of the whole House, to whom the Biff for Bin,

4 R granting

278

21°—22 '‘M

A. 1803.

granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Let- to and from the Town and Borough of Okekampton, inters ana Packets sent by the Post within , was com nutted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fiiid Petition, an Act, passed in the izd year of His present Majesty, for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act of the

Sill to con inue Irish kink Riftric

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of 33d year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads the day. leading to the said Town of was read And,

Mr. Solon Luxmore being examined, said, That the Truf-Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ' tees have proceeded in repairing the said Roads, and con* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend liderable lums of money have been borrowed at interest i»n, reported, and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the ,on the credit of the Tolls; which monies, together with Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the di-present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Re- reftions of the said Acts: That the said Roads cannot be strictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, kept in proper Repair, and the money so borrowed, or the was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had interest thereof paid, unless the term and powers granted made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re- by the said Act of the 2id year of His present Majesty, port to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; be further continued.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice continuing the term, and altering-and enlarging the powers, read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of the reign of his late

lint

fe

.ta

Area

lie

a’j r*i I'C i ‘.to tb,

tb j

' ton

* to

Grenada, See* Loan Bill, deferred.

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading

Majesty, and in the 2 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of , Okekampton, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Holland and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to fcobertfon’* enable William Robertson, Esquire, of to ex- B

Supply,

deferred.

of the Bill for enlarging the period for the Payment of part change the Lands of Hill house Field, and Kirk-

of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to fe- lands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid-Lothian, and East Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations, contained in a disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather, for the Lands of Ramrig and Greenjide, belonging to him in fee simple, and lying in the county of,

was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

’ I-'

1- a' -

rni

L -i;

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Trish Pofhge Jill, pulled.

veral persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent•, Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this Hcule will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order, made this day, for reading the third time, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the day, the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, being read;

The said ingrafted Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

T-

Mr. Robert Dundas presented to the House, according Bill respecting to Order, a Bill for railing and securing a Fund for mak- ^"^nScoting provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Ma- iand, V"-jesty’s Signet in Scotland: And the fame was received; and lented' read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Directors of the Chamber of Com- Petition fam merce and Manufactures, established by Royal Charter in fc0fch the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, a fid cotton Manu-read; taking notice of the Bill for preventing abuses in fatturew Bill, the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and for settling disputes which may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture; and setting forth, That all such Matters are already provided for by existing Laws, and committed to the jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace, who reside all over the country, and are much better qualified to determine, or settle with impartiality, all differences between Mailers and Workmen, after hear-

-I

fl-

ing parties, and taking the evidence, than Arbitrators selected by the parties for each particular case: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, or any other of the fame And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow tendency, may not pass into a Law.

Morning, Ten of the clock. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the said Bill be read a second time.

Sir James Pulteney, from the Select Committee appointed Report fro* to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William ^fettTonC"n-Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in the County of , mitree, re-

Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Richard Phi- jSfr.

Gkehampton Roads Petition, reported,

Mortis, 22° die Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii III. H Regis, 1803.

Prayers. Upps, a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen, severally s^nder'ion.

MR. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom, complaining of an undue election and return for the said the Petition of the several Persons, whole names County, informed the House, That the said Committee ' are thereunto subscribed, part of whom are Creditors, and met this morning, pursuant to their adjournment of yefi-part are Trustees, of the several Turnpike Roads leading texday, when the Chairman informed the

Committee, that

30 VrEO. J.11.

22° Martii.

that he had, received a letter from Francis Sctunderfim, haturalifcing JoJfn Rudolph Bourcard, was comrhitted; Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Hating, that he was too ill to attend the Committee this Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Corn-morning; and that the said Committee then adjourned mittee had directed hirti to report the Bill to the House 4 till Tommorrow morning, Ten of the clock. , wfkout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill ih at

And the House being informed that Mr. Hjcks, ah the Clerk’s Table.

Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the And the said Bill was read the third time.

House information respecting the Rate of Mr.

fin's health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined

upon oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw;

Ordered, That the said Francis Esquire, be

excuied for his not attending the said Select Committee this morning; and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

Unufc informed that

The Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, irt-hraoT»«ter forrnec^ the House, that James Trotter, had surrendered i® built- himself yesterday, and that he was now in custody of the Serjeant.

tody.

Bill to amend Oiilbam In-dofure ASt, freiented.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons " and Waste Grounds within the Township of , in

" the Parish of Prestwich-cum , in the County Pala-

* tine of hancaster And the fame was received; and read the full time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Gamfcwn An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Manure Bill, tj,c Commons) Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garrtfiown in the County of was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Act should be printed by the King’s Printer, and copies thereof, so printed, admitted in evidence.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refilved', That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mh Baldwin do carry the Bill so she Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ttalikom repotted from the Committee; td whom'K*toffiw»iu>1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act For ^Vd.'and" naturalizing George Philip Kauff'rhefnn, was committed; palfed.’

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refilved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing the term, iand altering and enlarg- Modbuiy ing the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 32d year of k the reign of his late Majesty, and the 21ft year of the C°:

reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening J

the Road from Modbury, through the Town of , i

to the North end of Lincotta Lane ,in the County of Devon, was read a second time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Lawrence Palk, &c.: And they are to meet this After-*:

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Mr. Ellifinreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition n- 1;

Petition of the teveral Persons, whole names are thereunto uc\oUrBoui subscribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the tham Indo-Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred 4 sure> report That the Committee had examined the matter of the said

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in . " made" to the end of his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Affidavit was produced to Your Committee, whereby it appeared. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the Refilved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, House on the 24th day of February last, notices have An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- been given on the door of the Parish Church of Boult ham, mons, Commonable Lands, and Wide Grounds, within otherwise Boltham, in the County of Lincoln, on three the Parish of Garrijfown, in the County of Dublin. Sundays in the month of February last, and in the present

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the month of March, of the application now making to Par-

made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 63. 1. 18. To leave out from the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

aminos^' Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into

Giles's Burial consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Oround Bin, Bill, intituled, An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of St. , in the County of Middlesex, and for erecting a Chapel on such ground, for the performance of Funeral Service therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

liament for leave to bring in a Bill for dividing allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Commons, Fen Lands, and other Commonable Linds and Grounds, within the Parish of Boult ham, otherwise Boltham aforesaid.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, which was presented to the House upon the 21ft day of February last; and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Re-

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments port was re-committed, which was made from the Cottl-

into consideration.

And the said Amendments were kiweth; viz.

P. 23. 1. ax. After " Ground" insertand Vaults."

1. 33. After " Ground" insert,f and Vaults."

I. ult. After * assembled" insert " with the ap-" probation and confirmation of the " Ordinary."

Pr. 32. 1. n. Leave out from (< paid" to " And," in line 27.

Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day six months.

mittee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read; and are as fol- again read.

And the same being read accordingly 4

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Bill order {bant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellifin and Mr. Sibthorp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CQmram

u4

BN.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Burton, Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Com- inclosur monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Town-Chip of Burton, otherwise and in the

Hamlets of Slather, Darby, Thealby, and Coleby, within Mr. Ba/dzvin reported from the Committee, to whom the Pariftiesof Burton and West , in the Wapentake the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for of Manley, in the County and for making a

You 58. compensation

280

22° Martii.

A. 1803,

cotnpensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient Inclosed Lands, in the same Township and Hamlets, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sibthorp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ift Stower An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, SSf*"* the Common and Waste Lands in the Parish of

Stower, otherwise Stower in the County of

Dorset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting,' and inclosing, the Common and Waste I^mds in the Parish of East , otherwise Stower East Stower, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

etition

:spe£ting loticcs for leptford ■ridge.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the several Parishes of East Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes of Rot her hit he and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 4th day of March instant, notices have been given in the Kentish newspapers three times in the present month of March, of application having been made to Parliament for enabling the Petitioners to erect a Bridge over the Creek or River Ra-venjborne, between its mouth or outlet into the River ‘Thames, and a certain Mill in the said Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, called The Tide Mill, to the said Parish of East Greenwich, and to make proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Shelley

Inclosure

reported.

BUI,

J-ecdi and Wakefield Ror.d Bill, reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry L do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a piece or parcel of open and unin-cloied Wood Land, called Hartley Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.4. 15J. old. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at jC-39* 5--; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;*and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed in the 31ft

year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the 10th and 32d years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported front the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; add that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report on Committee, t« whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in Petition, the Woollen Trade and Manufactorics wit hin the Counties tob«fU‘ther of Some fit, Wilts, and Gloucester, was referred, be taken co,l^t*ere^-into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That General Rooke have leave of absence for a month, on account of illness in his family. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Bastard have leave of absence for a month, on account of severe indil in his family.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ®l11 to.c£n;

,... . r . , . , ’ , tinneAttfor

the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, Relief of made in the 4zd year of the reign of His present Majesty, spiritual intituled, "An Act to continue, until the eighth day 1>crl®n‘‘

" of April one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act,

" passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying pro-" ceedings in Actions under the Statute of Ring Henry " the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and " also to flay proceedings in Actions under an Act of the " thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of " Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received.Tommorrow.

I)

'■C. TV 1

V;

U:l

Ta’d

L:r

p v

k!

V- <.

ft. 1

>1

'>* t

The Lord Glenbcrvie presented to the House, according Greenland

Fiibery Bill, presented. -

to Order, a Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of men at certain Ports for the present season: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 0ficer» Bill, the Bill to provide for the more speedy and effectual completing the establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The

43 Geo. III. 22° Marti/. 281

m

Mi-

as

if

at

sta

cu-

■i I

Bill,

1.

petition of The House was moved. That the Petition of George Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

Mr.Martin Martin tJjc younger, of Lincoln s-Inn, Barrister at Law, House; and he read the Report in his place; and afiter-which was presented to the House upon the 17th day of wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

ttftnrd to a December lift, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

mjg[)t be again read. throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and.

And the lame being read accordingly; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- by the House. lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

matfer thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tierney, Mr. Bond, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Burden, Mr. John Fane, Sir Henry Dash-

woed, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Golding, Sir Geary, Air.

Elifon, Mr. Houfoun, General Tar let on, Mr. Ram, General Gascoyne, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Heron, Mr. Pocock, Mr. Charles Hope, Mr. Blackhurne of Lancashire, Sir Martin Broivne Folkes, Mr. Wallace: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papery and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

iSntion of count* shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken

Salaries, £c. place in the number, and in the amount, of the Salaries,

«f Public Kmolumenrs, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for Olhce% ,1 o

oniemL the year 1002.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, fiiewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the number, and in the amount, of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Public Offices in land, for the years 1801 and 1802.

Gjmmittecbn Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to cSof resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, w«xHRcgu- the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the office taioaM. of t[lc Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bole Carezv took the Chair of the Committee.

grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow'.

An irgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fagel’sNai for naturalizing Henry Fagel and William Henry James Fagel, jetted.' was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr. Hawthorne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Land Tar, folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting intoexecu- deferred, tion an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty " on Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in England,

" Wales, and the Town of Berwick-u and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the " service of the year one thousand eight hundred and " three;" and an Act, made in the 38th y.ar of the reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in " Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand " seven hundred and ninety-eightand also, one other Act of the same year, intituled, "An Act for making per-" petual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in manner " therein stated, the several sums of money now charged " in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one year, from the " twenty-fifth clay of March one thousand seven hundred " and ninety-eight>

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day six weeks, the 3d day of Alay next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Resolurion*

Air. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That consideration that part of the Message from the Lords, of £"Vhe they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Friday last, which relates to the printing and distribution to priv*.

BfoWirh Maanct Lands Bill,

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for vetting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

of private Acts of Parliament, be now read And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take that part of the said Message into consideration.

And the first of the Resolutions contained in the said Message, being read a second time, an Amendment was

Acts, con* I fidered, and. j agreed to, with Amern ments.

Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after tl\e

Ordnance at Woolwich: And that Mr. Wellesley Pole, Mr. Nicholas Vanfutart, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Grenada, &c. Loan Hill, * twnmuitd.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain Sums of Money advanced byway

word " Resolution," the words " and so much of the fifth " Resolution of the Lords and Commons of the Session * 1801, as provides that printed copies of private Statutes " shall be made judicially admissible in evidence, by-adding " thereto a Clause declaring the same to be a Public " Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put

of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mir,*,

vri»:«r»

Bill,

the I (lands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The said Bill was read a second time.

Refol ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe,

Resolved, Tint this IToufe will, upon Tommorrow seven-hight, the 30th day of this instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 ioufe, to whom the Bill to re-peal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and " effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for " filling up Vacancies therein," as relates to the rate of Bounty to be given, to Volunteers for the said Militia; and to make other provisionk in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Vol, 58.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in. the said Resolution, so amended, That the last mentioned Resolution, and so much of the filth Resolution of the Lords and Commons of the Session 1801, ds provides, that printed copies of private Statutes shall be made judicially admissible in evidence, by adding thereto a Clause declaring the same to be a Public Act, be vacated.

And the other of the said Resolutions being read a second. time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the word " Resolutions," the words " and also lo much of the Resolutions of the Lords and " Commons of Session 1801."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, screed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution, so amended. That so much of the said. Resolutions, and also so much of the Resolutions of the Lords and Commons of Session 1801, as relates to the printing and distribution of private Acts of Parliament,

4 C shall

A. 1803.

11 to COJU me Irish mk Restric-»n, passed.

282 22V-S3® Mart'll.

ftial) be construed to extend only to suchAAs of Parliament OrThat.Mr. Burden do carry the Bill to the in which a Clause shall be inserted, declaring that such Ad Lords, and desire their concurrence, shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in evidence in all Courts of An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the powers Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take Qf several Acts, pafl'ed in the 31ft year of the reign of his judicial notice thereof in like manner as if the fame had ja^e Majesty, and in the 10th and 32c! years of the reign of passed, been declared to be a Public Act. His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac- to Wakefield, in the County of York, was read the third quaint them. That this House hath agreed to the liefolu- time.

J RThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and thirty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the lload from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

OThat Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

tions communicated determined by their Lordships, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships,

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the said Message.

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to amend and continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and continue, until three months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from bluing Calli in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 23°;

Anno 43® Georgii III111 Regis, 1803.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom Petition

the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, In- Deptford habitants. Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Tene- KnJ_ *>re* ments, in the several Parishes of Li aft Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of and of the several Parishes of Rother and in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Williams being examined, said, That in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 4th day of this instant March, notices have been given in the Kentish newspapers, in the present month-of March, of application having been made to Parliament for an Act to enable the Petitioners to erect a Bridge over the Crtek or River horne, between its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, and a certain Mill in the Parish of Paul Deptford, in the County of Kent, called The Tide Mill, now or late in the occupation of William Water ley Weller, and to extend

?mmitted.

Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the term, and altering and en-Zouch, * "t*. larging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 33d

oads Bill, year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the 2iftyear of from the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul

the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, Deptford, in the said County, or one of them, to the Parish and keeping in repair, the Roads from Tamworth to Afaby- of Eafi in the said County, and to make proper

de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley avenues to and from the same in the said Parishes; with

Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near powers for maintaining and repairing the said Bridge and the end of Swarcliff Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid. Roads from time to time.

was read a second time. The House was moved, That the Report which, upon

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund the 3d day of this instant March, was made from the Com-Gradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Landholders, Chamber. and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the several Pa-

rilhes or Eafi Greenwich, Saint Paul Deptford, and Saint A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and of the several powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of the Parishes of and Bermondsey, in the County of

reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, Surrey, was referred, might be again read, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from the South And the lame being read accordingly; end of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, through the Ordered, That leave* be given to bring in a Bill for en-Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampfield, Saint Peter's, and abling certain Persons to erect a Bridge over the Creek or Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the River between its mouth or outlet into the

Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of River Thames, and a certain Mill in the Parish of

" " ’ ’ ’ ' Paul Deptford, in the County of Kent, called The Tide Mill,

now or late in the occupation of William Waterley Weller, and to extend from the Parishes of Nicholas and Paul Deptford, in the said County, or one of them, to the Parish of East Greeuwich, \n the said County, and to make j,.1Icy An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a proper avenues or Roads to and from the lame in the said

idoiure Bill, piece or parcel of open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Parishes; with powers for maintaining and repairing the

Hied. ~ - -- . r: 1 »-! 1—-----1 r>---1_ r----- . a i -» . o*

1

t

narrow’s 'erne and /at ford; oad Bill, I ommitted

Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

Mr. Lambe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hartley Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish oi Kirk hurt on, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a piece or parcel of open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Hartley ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Bank, and also the several Commons,’ Moors, and Waste Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, in the Grounds, within the Manor of. Shelley, in the Parish of room of John William Egerton, Esquire, now Earl of Bridget-Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York. water, called up to the . House of Peers,

' Air.

said Bridge and Roads from time to time: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Calcraftdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Brackley Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elect- Wnt‘

-jy VTUitl. 111.

23° Martii.

nod

flieJd

Gikty

Incloliut

Bill

pfcfeted.

Mr. S'. Andrew Si John presented to the House, accord- Henry Esquire, being examined, fa id, That the

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Trustees have proceeded to put the said several Acts in cx-the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas ecution, and have borrowed a considerable ium ot money Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish on the credit thereof, which Hill remains due, and cannot be of Oakley, in the County of Bedford: And the lame was repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in

• i 1.1 r* /I ." i r* . i f . i in j a i __

Petitioirf-

Koticcs for Southampton. Waterworks reported.

received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Waterworks within the Town and County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to repair, unless the term of the last mentioned Act be continued, the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: That it would be of great benefit and accommodation to the Public if a new Itoad was made from Glasgow by or near Poffil and BaBridge, to or near the

Bridge across the Alander at Farm, and from

thence to join the Turnpike Roads from to -

blane and inchbelly Bridge.—-And the Witness added. That

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; it would be a great convenience to the Trustees, if the said

m

ennr

xsiit

:arJ

c,rf.

■L

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Nichols being examined said, That in purfiuance of leave granted by the House on the 15th day of February last, notices have been given in The London Gazette, The

Acts, in so far as respects the said Road from to

Redburn Bridge and Bonny water, and from thence to or hear Loanhead, were wholly repealed, and all the powers and authorities necessary to be granted or continued for making and repairing the said Roads, were consolidated in one Act. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal

a n /v 1 .1 s . 1 1 .1 r . 1 * 1"

bury and Whichever Journal, and in The HampshireChronic two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th years of the reign of cle, three times in the month of February last, and in the his late Majesty; and also, an Act, made in the 6th year present month of March, of the application to Parliament the reign of His present Majesty, to far as the lame relate to

Bill to amend and enlarge the the Read leading from to Redburn Bridge; and to

continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Act, passed in the 2.7th year of His said present Majesty’s reign, to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of the said Acts, and for t he other purposes therein mentioned; and for making and repairing the Road from Glasgow to or near the Bridge across the River Alander at

in the 20th year of the reign

for leave to bring in a powers of an Act, made

of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining the public Conduits and other Watemorks belonging to the Town of Southampton.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 14th day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissloners of Waterworks within the Town and County was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read according!}'.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more eftedbual, an Act, made in the 201 h year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Amyatt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and from thence to join the Roads from Glasgow to Inch-belly Bridge, and to Strathblane, in the Counties of Lanark,

Dumbarton, and Stirling: And that Mr. Elphinflone Fleeming and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

ftp!’*

•bt-Bill, •'ported, and jai&d.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Fagel and William Henry James was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Right St. '« !j Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of Chichester, BunalGroum Rector of the Paiilii of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the Bi ,ordeiea j County of Middlesex, and the Churchwardens, and other )

Vestrymen of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the ift day of December last:; and also the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapei thereon, for flie 1

Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the County of Mid- \

dlesex .* And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ctfjwand

kchbelly

R«&I»

fatfion,

ep«tat

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Greenland ing of the Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Green-' Fi<heiy Bill, land Whale Fishery to complete their number of men commutc * at certain Ports, for the present leafon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-1 fejf into a Committee of the whole upon the said

Bill.

Mr. Elphinflone Fleeming reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and ifi as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading " into the City of Glasgow;" and al so. an Act, passed in the 27th year of the reign of his late Majesty* for explaining, amending, and rendering• more eftcdlual the said Act;

2nd a Ho, two several other Acts passed in the 6th and 27th years of the reign of His present Majesty for con-

finuing and enlarging the powers of the said several Acts; and for repairing the lload from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge

and Botmywater, and from thence to or near Loanhead, in - ,t-h-ic Hi« Hnnfe hath agreed

*0o( Stirling,(here to join thr Turnpike Road the Lords;

leading from Falkirk to KUfyth, were road:—And, to the Amendme y p r

Vol. 5i.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of son, in the County of Cumberland.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Lords

Amendment to Daiiton Indo/ure BiJJj agreed t<

VIZ.

Pr. 20.

1. n.

Leave out from " leases" to the end of ' the Clause.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to

284

23° Martn.

A. 1803.

ive of fence.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole have leave of ab fence The House was also moved. That an Act, made in

for a fortnight, on urgent private business •, he having served the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-

upon the Select Committee for trial of the Coventry election.

Ordered, That the Lord Porc have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business.

Ordered, That Mr. James Henry Leigh have leave of absence for three weeks, on urgent private business, he having served upon the Select Committee for triafof the Stranraer, See. election.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served

tuled, " An Act to relieve, upon conditions, and under " Restrictions, the Persons therein described from cer-" tain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or " persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law fub-" jest," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the said Act of the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, to take the bene-

upon the Select Committee for trial of the Dunfermline, &c. fits given by the said Act of tire 18th year of the reign of election.

ppingale, Inclosure 11, polled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Pippin-gale and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rippingale and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln.

Co&ildqgpdL

ublin oads Bill,

foolw’ch rdnnnce pnds Bill, pc fen ted.

His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 11

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. reported from the Committee, That he

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, was directed by tjhe Committee to make a Motion, when and desire their concurrence. the House wilt please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the 26th Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move " Act for making, widening, and repairing public Roads the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable " in the County of Dublin, and for repealing parts of several Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration " Acts formerly made for that purpose," was read a second and Oath contained in the said Act of the 31ft year of the time. reign of His present Majesty, to take the benefits given by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount the said Act of the 18th year of the reign of His present Dunlo, Mr. Falkiner, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Majesty.

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Bill, ordered. Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, according to Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration

Order, a Bill for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments and Oath contained in the said Act of the 31ft year of in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of His Ma- the reign of His present Majesty, to take the benefits jesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich: And the fame was received; given by the said Act of the 18th year of the reign of His

t

Committee f Supply.

j

account of >ifposition f Grants,

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the year 1802 have been disposed of;

present Majesty: And that Mr. Alexander, the Master of the Rolls, and Dr. Lawrence, do prepare, and the fame.

bring

in.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, inti-tutled, " An Act for the more speedy and effectual En-" rolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein," as relates to the rate of Bounty to

Irish Militia. Volunteer* Bill, polled.

,:fened. * distinguished under their several heads, so far as relates to be given to Volunteers for the said Militia; and to make

that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Called Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had come t6 several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Bond also acquainted the House.That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Wickham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, ac- RomanCatho*

cording to Order, a Bill to enable Roman Catholics, 0atl,s

Bill, pre-

:,lotion for a [lill respecting j.iths to be ak.en by-toman Catho-c^, referred o a Com-

i littet.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath con-' *"* ' ' ’ TT " ' tained in an Act of the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon conditions, and under Restrictions, the persons therein de-" lcribed, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which " Papists, or persons professing the Popish Religion, are " by Law subject," to take the benefits given by an Act of the 18th year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-

imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and tuled, " An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects protwelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, " selfing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and intituled, An Act for the further preventing the growth " disabilities impost-d on them by an Act, made in the of Poperymight be read. " eleventh, and twelfth years of the reign of King William

itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grauted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 18th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects professing the " Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities

And the fame was read accordingly.

the Third, intituled,- An Act for the prevent*

t\.J igrKU. ill.

23°—24° Martil

285

American Comnii'ii’JR' ers Bi«U ordered.

"jrri

Aitt

BUI to continue Acr I >r Relief of thinned Ptri’oas, reported.

fi'tili

:v>

Surveyor Ge«

field of ^'oods Regulation Bill, ^ported.

fiords agreed to

Grand junc-,‘(,;1 Car.ul' A«s.

" ing the growth of Popery And the fame was received; and read the first time.

( Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

' ’ Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon

Monday next. - ' ' ’

The House was moved. That the copy of the Treaty, of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His tannic Mfolly and the United States of America, ligned at London, the 19th day of November 1794, which was presented to the House upon the 4 th day of November, j 795, might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly. . ' m

The House was also moved, That the Copy, of the Con-. vention between His Majesty and the United States of America, ligned at London, the 8th of January 1802, which was presented to the House upon the joth day of February Jail, might be read.

And the fame being^read accordingly; >

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for distrihuting the Money ftipu-.dated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and. the said United States, among the persons. having claims to compenfuion out oi such money: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Air. Nicholasdo prepare, and bring in the fame.:

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House,-to whom the Bill to continue,' for a time to be limited,’ an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue, until the eighth day of April " one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act,.~passed ’ " in the last Session of Parliament, for Haying proceed-" ings in Actions tinder the Statute of King the

" Eigljth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also " to Hay proceedings in Actions under an Ado of the thir-" teenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching leases of Be-" nefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure,’' was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had'made to thff Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. -

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, Tlut the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Pole Carew, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Ur establishing certain Regulations in the office of the

o c> o#

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow. ’

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and fnrty-first years of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and VOL. 58.

provisions of the said Acts; without any Amendment; And also, ‘ ‘ ;:

1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to.enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lairy, near Plymouth, to make and maintain i Road from a certain place called E %<?y, in the Parish of Egg Buchlnnd, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth; without any Amendment: And also,

'she Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers, of an Act, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His.prd-sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, and Leep-" ring in repair, the Streets, and other public Pillages " and Places, within a certain District, in the Parish of " Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of called

" Hans Tozvit, and for otherwise improving the same without any Amendment: And also, . .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow, called Pet her ton Broadmead, situate in the Pari Ih of South Pethertbn, in the County of Some; without any Amendment :And also, ' . ..

7’he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise improving, the Walle and Commonable land within the Parish of Northaw, in the County of Hertford-, Without any’ Amendment And also,

N’ The I,ords have, passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close; to which the Lords dciire the concurrence'of this House. ’ ,

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Plymouth Road Bill

Bill to air. Act for pav Hans Tow

Petherton

Broad; iiead Allotment Bill.

Northaw In cioliire Bill.

The Lords have passed Close's Nat. Bill.

Mr.; Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Militia Oifi-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill.to pro- cers Bill, vide for. the more speedy and effectual completing the rcPorted-establishment of Officers , in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling.up Vacancies therein, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed {rim, to report to the Home; and he read the Report in his place; and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: -Where' the Amendments,-were once read throughout; and then a second time,- one by one; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled. 1

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The other Order of the day being read; ' 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Ways and solve itself into a •Committee of the whole House, to con- ^Ir^s’ de‘ lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

v. < f

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow -1

Morning’, Ten of the clock.

Jolts,24° die

Anno 43* Georgii HP" Regis, 1 803.

Prayers.1

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Ghfcow.&c Petition of Boyd Alexander, Esquire, of South bar; and aml oke* also, the Petition of John Hamilton, Esquire, late Provost of El non* Gl/tfgozv, and Delegate for that Burgh; and James Burns, Petitions, Esquire, Provost of Renfrew, and Delegate for that Burgh, conCdert<1, complaining of an undue election and return for the Di drift of Burghs of Ghfgoiv, RuRenfrew; and Dumbarton, in Scotland, being come;:

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on Ihe business of the house. r

And'being returned;

4D

A Message

<3

286

24* Mar til.

A. 1803.

>yal Assent Bills.

i<

t

i-:

, i

• i * 1

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal, Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of S His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord

Ellenborough, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of to continue

until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His Majesty, as directs the annual payment of Thirteen Thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by retail in Ireland:

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Ihore:

An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight days:

An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the collection or management of His Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such elections:

An Act for amending and enlarging the powers of several Acts, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth and thirty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals:

An Act for rebuilding the tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church:

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to raise a further sum of money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts, passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and forty-full years of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers and provisions of the said Acts:

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, rfnd otherways improving, Kensington Square, and Young Street, and James Street, communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein:

An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming,

" and keeping in repair, the Streets, and other public " Passages and Places, within a certain District, in the " Parish of Saint Luke, Che'sea, in the County of Middlesex,

* called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the " fame:"

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the MaiJstone Turnpike Gate, situate bn the Loose Road, near Sytton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton in

the County of Kent:

An Act to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the church in the Parish of,

all in the County of Dorset:

An Act to continue and enlarge the terms and powers Of three Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* and in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Pierjbridge, on the River Tees: An Act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gather ley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winjion, in the said County of Durham:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the end of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Weft fide of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the line of certain parts of the said Roads; and also for extending the provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Tutnes, to a place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lairy, near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth:

An Act to alter and enlarge the powers of three Acts, made in the seventh, thirty-first, and thirty-fifth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and to the

Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the Old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts:

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain gate in the Borough of Stafford, called Gaol Gate, and from a certain gate on the South fide of the said Borough, called Green Gate, through the Towns ox Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Street way, in the Road Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford:

An

b

t:'-'

" r i " Cd

4* ;j-,p

* i:

fer.

Si-

A:

r1'

[i: •,

11 i

C I

!. I

:C):

i.......;

'■1. .1

.11 i

k:

t.V

• u ..

V

43 l^EO. 111.

24° Mart 'll.

287

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-firR election and return for the said Borough, being also or-yrarof the reign of His present Majesty, intituled* M An dered to be taken into consideration on this day;

" for making a new Road from Saint Georges Gate, in the The several Petitioners, and other parties in both the " City of Canterbury., to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

" and for repairing and widening the present Road from And the door being locked;

" thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Pari fir of The Order of the day, for taking the Petitions com-

" Barham, in the County of Kent," and for making fur- plaining of an undue election and return for the Burghs

ther and better provision for the several purposes of the of Glasgow, See. into consideration, was read, fiud Act: And the names of the Members were drawn, and read,

An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and im- in the usual manner, proving, the Road from or from near to the Village of And the name of Thomas Stanley, Esquire, being drawn, Gloflop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple he was nominated to serve on the Committee so be ap* Bridge, in the said County, and for making several branches pointed for trying the OkeHampton election, by die counsel of Roads to and from the same: for the Petitioners in that case.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the And the whole number of forty-nine names being com-Heaths, Plains, Commons, and WaRe Grounds, within plete, the Honourable Thomas Maitland was nominated by the Parishes of Bucklesham and Foxkall, in the County of

Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, or Fields, in the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, PaRures, YVafies, and other Commonabl* Lands, in the Parish of Market , otherwise Market Overton, in the County of , and for extin-

guishing the Tythes within the same Parish:

An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow called P ether ton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South P ether ton, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and other-wile improving, the Wade and Commonable Land within the Parish of Northaiv, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moot's, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Da/fon, in the County of Cumberla

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Greffulhe:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Beland:

An Act for naturalizing John Henry An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole du Pre de Saint Maur North, his wife:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers:

An Act for naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seiden-fiicker:

An Act for naturalizing George Philip Kauffmam:

An Act for naturalizing John Rudolph Bourcard:

An Act for naturalising Henry Fagel and William Henry James Fagel.

the counsel for the Petitioners; and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, by the counsel for the fitting Members, to serve on the Committee for trying the election for the Burghs of Glasgow, See.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of John Markham, Esquire, one of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 3d day of this instant March, was exculed: And the name of the Right honourable Sir William Scott, was drawn, who Rated, that being Judge of the Admiralty Court, and attending the Court for the trial of Prize causes, he conceived it would be attended with material inconvenience to the public business, if he was to •serve on the said Committee; and having verified the lame upon oath, he was exculed; And the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 11 th day of February laR, was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were exculed, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned againR.

And liRs of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the election for the Burghs of &c.;

the door was opened, and the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

Petitions, confide red,

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the okeiiampton Mr. John Smyth, from the Select Committee appointed laid Petitions, complaining of an undue election and re- Election to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir turn for Okehampton, was read.

William Manners, Baronet, complaining of an undue elec- And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot,

&;'o?Mr t’on anc^return for the Borough of llchefer, in the County out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in h.l ' of Somerset, informed the House, That the said Committee order to form a second Committee, according to the di-

met this Morning, pursuant to their adjournment of reftions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty,

for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee

Report from

Uchester

Mion

Committee,

Duodas,

Yefteixlay, when they received a letter from the Honourable George Heneage Lawrence Dundas (one of the Members of the said Committee) Rating, that he was so ill as not to be able to attend the Committee this

Morning; and that the said Committee then adjourned by the counsel for the fitting Members.

till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Pirner, an Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the House information respecting the Rate of Mr. Dundas’s health; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon <&th, in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered,'That the said Honourable George Heneage Lawrence Dundas, be exiruli d for his not attending on the said Select Committee this Morning; and have leave to absent himself from any fun her attundance on the said Committee.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and seventy-eight Members being present;

And the Petition of Peter and George

Woodford Thdlufm> and also, the Petition of Thomas Haukes, John Ward, John Vine combe, George Brown, William Seymour, Simon Tucker, Simon Brock,

Thomas Cornish, Electors of the Borough of Okehamp-in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue Vo I, 58,

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Sir John Nicholl, the Advocate General, was drawn, who informed the House, that on account of the present Rate of the business before the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize causes, he conceived it would be attended with considerable inconvenience to public business if he was to serve on the said Committee; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was excused: And the name of the Right honourable William Chief

Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, was drawn, who Rated, that lie conceived it would be -attended with considerable inconvenience to public business, if he was to serve on the said Committee at this period; and having verified the fame upon oath, lie was excused: A nd the name of the Lord Hawkesbury, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings of the 1.0th day of February laR, was excused; and the

288

24° Marhi.

A. 1803.

the names of several other Members were drawn, securing to the said Sir James an annuity of

who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or twelve Hundred Pounds, lor the term of his natural life.

Extrails of

Minutes of Great

Grimsby

Election

Committte,

prel’cnted.

upwards, or as having served, on a Selcft Committee; and other names were set abide, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counl'el on the Okehamptonelection; and the door being opened,

the parties, their, counsel and agents, withdrew.

Sir Matthew. White Ridley presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extrad s-of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Seledi Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits.of the several Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great 'Grimsby, in the County of Lincolnlb far as relates to the

It.

• Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve

itfeit into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said most gracious Message into consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir I feller The for*

and Mr. Ord: agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Pod within Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Expiring to revive and continue, until the full day of March Lms i>uL one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the

Irish Posta^c Bill.

vmatters, contained in the Special.Report, which was made thfrtv_t!li;d "of the reign of His present Majesty, ibr :^.roift said^Selcft Committee upon Friday lad, establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Ncu-

Ordered, That the said Extiaeib uo he upon the lable.; to continue several Laws relating to the pre-

C\vAan>.i 1 h-it Hir- (run KvfrnrK hi* nrintpH rnr the Mem- J ■• a

venting the clandestine Running or uncuUomed Goods

Ordered,r\'hatthe said Extracts be printed for the Members of the House. •

The laid Extracts are preserved amongst the other . ■. . Papers of this Session. .:

Further con- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon fidwatumof Friday iaft, -for taking into further consideration, upon frlnch-Mt . Tuesday next, the Special Report which was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the.leyeral Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great Grand)':,in the County of Lincoln, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, the said.Order be discharged.

Ordered, 'lliat the said Report be taken into further . consideration upon Tommorrow, sevennight, the lft day of April next.: ,

( il ltnlbv

Fiction

Comr.iittte,

dtientu.

I Call deferred.

i) Mimes of j' Members |r ah ient :it 2 Ballots to be reported, Xc.

K

;l

and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end or the ttoeil next Session of Parliament; to the iulpending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for canying into execution the Treaty with America, to the twerity-fiith dry of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the prelervnng of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the difeontmuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the I fie of Alan, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth day of Juh one thousand eight ' hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of ’ •; ' ri ’ r the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to

The Older of the day for the Call of the Ilouie, being twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred

rcr^; r-;‘ . - - and fix; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Pro-

.. Of dcred, 1 fiat this House be caucd ptcr upon Tliurlday vince of Quebec in to the twenty-fourth day- of

nexB ' June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from

-thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-

Resolved, That when the House Hull have proceeded> . upon Thuvfday next, to the appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are appointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do dirofl the name of every . Member so called, who, shall be absent from and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees, lor trial of controverted elections, to be let abide; and that, a list of the names of inch absent Members be re-. ported by Mr. Speaker to the House, at such time as the House shall think lit to appoint.

Refined, That, upon tiic Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance cn the appointment of the said several Select ’ Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out ol custody without ’■the special Order of the House.

ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the tnen next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby, to the me ot every twenty-ninth day of September otic thousand eight hun-the House, jrej and n;ne, and from thence to the end of the then

Kins'* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House,

sir That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, timesSau- . signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to aimez. the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the . Members of the House being uncovered); and is as fol-- loweth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having taken into consideration the emi-•nent Services performed, on various occasions, by Rear Admired 'Sir James Saumarez, Baronet, and K. B. and particularly the valour, promptitude, and ability which he

next Session of Parliament; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into to

the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June tine thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BerwickRrad for repairing and maintaining the Road branching'out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greeul.itv, and passing through or near Thorny dike] West rut her,

Bedjlite/l,or the Kaim, and Choicelee, to where it joins the

Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to ali in the County of Benvick; without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ruftington •for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- Incl°lure mon lields in the Parish of Ruftington, in the County of SuJ/ex; without any Amendment: °And also,

Ihe Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Amendments this House, to the Resolutions communicated to this

----- ‘ from the

relative

ate

i •i j - . 1 1 . J w v jvwvoiuuuao LUiuuiulllCiUUJ LU tills ,< i

ly a-t:lCftn a fi:perioJ Squadron of House by Meffa§e from their Lordships on Friday last, KS*«I irencn and pam hflups, in the ttrcjghts of Gibraltar, on relative to the printing and distribution of private Acts of to ^riv:lt

the-lath of July iSot, recommends it to the House of Parliament: And also! . Atts-

Commons to enable I Iis Majesty to make provision for "

rite-Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

veiling ^er s '!i :!<

D Bill.

43 Geo. Ill;

24° Ma

I/T.J

: i-JL

veiling part of the Estates settled upon the marriage of John were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ag: Coker, Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte Marsham, in by the House, the said John Coker, in fee-simple, and for settling other

Estates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

ecd to

And then the Messengers withdrew.

petition of Lord Monfon

and others,

Kirk-by-cuin-Of-godby Inclosure Bill.

The counsel and agents, in the case of the election for the Burghs of being returned to the Bar,

the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced'iift; to which lift, the A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Monfon', Nominees being added, the same was called over; and is and the humble Petition or the several other Persons, whole as follows: , .

names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to. the Esquire, Colquhom, Esquire,

House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, William Chute, Esquire, Edmund Alexander allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Esquire, John Esquire, the Honourable Robert

Meadows, Failures, Moors, and Other Commonable Lands Curzon, the Lord Paget, William Elliot, Esquire, Francis and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirkby+cum-» Ferrand Fojambe, Esquire, James Btiller, Esquire, of Exeter, Ofgodby, in the County of Lincoln; and setting forth. That Andrew Esquire, Alexander Campbell, Esquire,

if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it Charles Chester, Esquire,' the Honourable Thomas Maitland, would be injurious to the Petitioners, and their estates, the Lord Advocate of Scotland.

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said Parish: And the said fifteen Members, being the Seledi Com-

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into mittee for trying the merits of the Petitions complaining a Law as it now ltands; and that tire Petitioners may be of an undue election and return for the Burghs of heard, by their counsel or agents, against such parts of the &c. were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the ufiual

GJafoovv,

Election

Co.T.mittq

appointed

said Bill as may prejudice them, or their laid estates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time.

kcoort

Supply*

Infereft on

Exchequer Bills,

Expences of

Commission for Re-iudHon of National Debt.

Mr. Bond, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place -x and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rcfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding loirht hundred sixty-emht thousand

% J o o o

Nine hundred twenty-three Pounds Tight Shillings and One flaiipenny, be granted to His Majesty, for paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts of the 39th and 40th, the 41ft and the 42b years of the reign of Hi- present Majesty.

Rcfohed, That irk the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred and

manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew/ Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

Majesty, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Com- sihfon Inc!.

' " ‘ " doiure bill

reported.

mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-

ing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sihfon, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

For extra Trouble in ntikimy out

Exchequer Bills,

Di (count on loan, etc.

ten Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

to make good the money ifiuetl to the Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental expences of the said commission.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to grolfed.

His Majesty, to make good the money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer for extra trouble in making out Ex- Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac- st. Giles’* chequer Bills. cording to Order, a Bill to provide a new Burial Ground, Blirial

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of a sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Five hundred the-Fields, in the County of And the lame was

Sixty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence, be received; and read the first time.

RefThat the Bill be read a second time.

For

fret 1 yin 9-

Contributions 10 law,

granted to His Majesty, to make good the money paid to the Bank of England, for discount, on prompt Payments to the Loan, for the ft twice of the year 1802, and on Sub-feriptions of £. 50 per centum on the Amount of Exchequer Bills fjjnded.

RefheJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Five hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the money paid to the Bank of England, for receiving Contributions to the Loan for the service of the year 1802, and Subscriptions

ToHcrton r Inclosu re£i

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, rePorte£l' Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Tollerton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

Mr. Pierrepont acordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills

of £.5° per centum on the Amount of Exchequer Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-

MuCness

r<kive to

Ani

"Tiean

Claim:

[nc«taihl 'tn ■">2 Kot-

toics.

funded.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a ftm, not exceeding Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds anfJ Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to I’-iake good the money paid to John Esquire, for a

Clerk employed on various business, and references relative to American Claims.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred Pounds,

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaiflion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

ks granted to His Majesty, to make good the money paid second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally for Incidental Expences attending the Lotteries for the put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. service of the year 1S02. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, grolfed,

58.

Mr.

290

24° Martu.

V.

i. 1803.

C

tnimpton

Lterworks

11,

lcnted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parlia-Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in ment,

the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing. An Account of the value of all Imports into, and all Eximproving, and maintaining, the public Conduits, and ports from for eighteen years, ending the 5th

other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southamp- January 1803; distinguishing each year, and distinguishing

L,v

mkcld klge Bill, nmitted.

ton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for enabling the Molt noble John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and of British Produce and Manufactures exported, in the year make Roads of communication thereunto, was read a ending the 5th January 1803.

the value of Imports from the East Indies and China from the value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from the value of Foreign Articles exported; together with the difference between the official value and the declared value

6-1

H:

1

h;:.;

ofe’s Ndt. 11, read.

ythe Com-on Incio-re Bill, efented.

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Chute presented to the I louse, according to Order, a

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Apptndix, (No. 21.)

Committee on Greenland

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland 1 er^ 1 Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called certain Ports for the present season, be now read.

’/oolwich •ril nance .?.i\ds Bill, animated.

>roxfield In-•lofure Bill, Tainted.

Vmerican ^ommission-vs Bill,

'•re fen ted.

The Nythe, otherwise The Nythen Common, in the Parish of Old Airesford, in the County of Southampton: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Older of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 louse.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The 1 louse resolved itlelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committeb, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Waljh have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Nottingham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Garland have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Barnfiaple election. Ordered, That Mr. Portman have leave of absence for fix

Leave of Absence.

ii

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or weeks, on account of the death of a near relation; he having

Waste, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

served upon the Select Barnfiaple election.

Committee for the trial of the

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Dublin of the ingrafted Bill for levying certain Duties to be applied towards the Charges ot preserving the Peace within BlU’ eerr Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according the City of Dublin, and the district of that Metropolis, and

ellablifiling a parochial Watch therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

morrow.

* Report of Sur-t:vor General - fV-'o-ds filiation further , on£dered.

to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to compensation out of such money: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the office of the Surveyor General of I lis Majesty’s Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the . laid Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. intituled, "An Act to continue, until the eighth day of

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrafted Bill, to continue, for a time to be limited, Billtocon-an Act, made in the 4zd year of the reign of His present tinue Act for Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the eighth per.

" day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, an fous, piifod. " Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying " proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry " the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " pluralities of Livings, and ot taking of Ferms; and also,

" to flay proceedings in Actions under an Act of the " thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of *c Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure," was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty,

Vocount of <i we of Im-

■nrts and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the doorj lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

April one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also, to flay proceedings in Actions under an Act: of the thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure."

Ordered,

'40 LrEO. ill. 24°—2

nh,

doi

y Bill.

•i

i&

|S

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ciithmpton. The count'd and agents in the case of the St. Eicttion e]e<^ion, bein'? returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a ,fpulD reduced lid; to which Jift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Richard Jose-ph Sullivan, Esquire, Lord Viscount,

the Honourable Thomas Fane, the Honourable Hely Hutchinson, Dudley North, Esquire, Henry Esquire, the Lord Lovable, John Spencer Smith, Esquire, Reginald Pole Carezv, Esquire, Edward LeveJ'on Gower, Esquire, Richard Henry Alexander Esquire, the

Honourable James IP 'alt cr G Henry Esquire, 'Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Samuel Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for were sworn

by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 25° Martii;

Anno 43° Georgii III"1 Regis, i S03.

Prayer*.

JtrvaiAjlent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the to Bill.. J\Black J>od

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, fir declaring His Royal A lien t to several Acts, agreed up n\ by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of

the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commilhcu afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the kveral Public Bills, and one Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Rales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, Ills Royal H;gi;acts the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of KenHis Royal H ighness the Duke of Cumber-H;s Royal Highness the Duke of Suffix, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Abvanley, and the Lord Ellenborough, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Poll within Ireland:

An Act to revive and continue, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the thirty-third year or the reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Nezv-fonndland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncuflomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of thfe then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying YOL. 38.

into execution the Treaty with Ameri to the twenty-fil l b day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the use of Salt duty-free in the pres rvir.g of Fish in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on white Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the -Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue

thereof, and the more effectual prevention ot Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next SdTion of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June one 1

thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the i

end of the then next Session of Parliament: J

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branch- ‘

ing out of the Turnpike lioad from Edinburgh to;

law, and passing through or near Thornydyke, \

Hardlnc, BedjhieU,or the Kaim, and Choice lee, to where j

it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to all

in the County of Berwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields in the Pari (la of in the County of Sussex.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom staverton, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open indofure Bill Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands reporKd* and Grounds, within the Parish of with the

Chapelry of Boddington annexed, in tire County of Glou-r cester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates af- '

fefied to the Land Tax at £.b. ijs. 6 d. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed at £.2. i-js. 8 d. who could not be met with; and that the whole of the property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at n8. 8r,

per annum; and that no person appeared before the Com- 1

niittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had j

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coker’s for vesting part of the Estates settled upon the Marriage Bill> of John Coker, Esquire, with flic Honourable Charlotte r"d*

Marshcm,

292

25° Ma.

A. 1803.

i:

Marsham, in the said John Coker, in fee-simple, and for settling other Estates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, was read the first time.

lefolved, That the Bill be read a iecond time.

Tone n-i ration Bill, dented.

Gentry of the neighbourhood, a public Theatre or Plny-house for acting Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, and other performances of the Stage, under proper rules and regulations.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of Glasgow: And that Mr. AT Dow all

Mr. S lor land preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the iothand nth years of the reign of King’IVII'iam and Mr. Robert Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the lam the Third, and in the 6th year of the reign of Queen Anne,

for making and keeping navigable the lliver Tone from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

ft!

•uthampton drt Bill, ported*

Mr. Rcfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for creeling warehoulcs for the fate custody of goods and merchandize, and for imputing certain Duties for the above purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through tl'.e Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

A Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, Glasgow passed in the 14th and 32d years of His present Majesty’s Roads.Bill, reign, for more effectually making and repairing the lload committea* from the City of Glasgow to YokerBridge, and the lload of communication between the fame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 'SB Dow all,

Mr.Robert Dundasp, See.: , And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Vi fcount Folkbe added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, pul;<! to bring a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition ,of the Right p^1',:erb*‘, T honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, and the humble Petition nt °'Ule ot George Yalden Fort, Esquire, and the other whole names are thereunto subscribed.

D.;i

hi

persons,

grolfed.

Rib Ton

ncloi'urc Bill,

uiicd.

-I

ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Open '

An

the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and W aite Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sihfjii, in the County of was read the third

time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 7. 1. 17. After " place" to insert " in Sibfon afore-

or within

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Tollerion, in the County of Nottingham, was read the

third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Picrrepontdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Tollerton Inclosure ill, paTTed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting,

inclosing.

and improving, Weft Rafea the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, lomnutted.11’ and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weftin the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin,

Mr. Sibthorp,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

said, or within the didance of eight " miles from the said Parish."

And fhc said Amendment, was, upon the Question put at Five of ^1C clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

l-'ptfoi d i"Bill Vci'enicd.

ow

vnre

iti.v.i,

Jl ‘ltd.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Hartopp do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Cahraft presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River at or near its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. SPDorvallreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of G/a/gowwas referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had 1

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the f

Lord Vi fcount Folk None presented ter the House, ac- AlJoriuirjr cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-ir.g, certain Open Commons, Commonable Lands, and v W'Taste Grounds, within, the Parish of in the County of I Vi its: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. FJphhif.one Fleemiugpresented to the House, accord- Stirling

the High-

rdcatfil.

\nv to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing

O ' ^10

ways and Bridges in the County of Stirling: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Iecond time.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the White Parish Petition of the several Trustees, whole names are there- p^t-^n under subscribed, appointed in and by virtue of two several reported' Acts, made in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre,

Elbjuirc, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of

lame w:

as read 5 and is as followeth;

7

!i reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to Hilts, to the top of Dun wood and from thence over

Great Bridge and Slid die through Infra, to

Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and increased, and it has become expedient to pro- had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, icir amusement, and that of the Nobility and to the^House; and he read the Report in his place; and

afterwards

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member present informed your Committee, That the said City has of late been much extended, enlarged, and beautified, whereby the number of wealthy and opulent Inhabitants has much vide for the 5

Vr?Vr

added to Win? in Okrhimnton Koadi Bill.

Bill

ytilcatqi.

Report from ^1 GriniUd

Eitttion

Committee, for leave to •djoura.

fcition of JamesT rottei h k dii.

43 Geo. III.

23d Mar tli.

293

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. Thomas Warner being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great progress in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money upon the credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in repair, and for such other purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually maintained and repaired, and the money borrowed and now due on the credit thereof, repaid, unless the term and powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended and made more effectual.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering the powers, of two Acts, made in the 29 th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Hoads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry , Esquire, in the Paridi of Whiteparish, in the County of ,to the

top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge

and Middle Bridge, through Infra, to Hundred

Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Chute and Sir William Hcatlicote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Strange be added to the Gentlemen,' who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the 22d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the County of Devon.

Mr. Strange presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. John Campbell, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of John Froji, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town and Borough of East GrinJIead, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue clection and return for the said Town and Borough, informed the House, That the said Committee desired leave to adjourn, at the rising of the Committee this day, until Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the clock, such adjournment being at the earnest request of the counsel for the Petitioners, they being prevented proceeding in their evidence upon a certain point under consideration, on account of the illness of Mr. Charles Gilbert, alledged by the said counsel to be a material Witness for their case, and without whose evidence it was by the said counsel afterted the Petitioners cannot with safety proceed on their Petitions; and the illnct’s of such Witness hav- ‘ ir.g, to the satisfaction of the Committee, been proved on ednesday last, upon the oath of Doctor Rowley, who also swore that the Witness would nor, in his opinion, be able to attend for fix or leven. days, without imminent danger to his life; and such proposed adjournment being consented to by the counsel on the other fide;

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired,

A Petition of James Trotter, Farmer, at Newton, in the County of Linlithgow, now a Prisoner in the custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the House, and read; fetiing forth. That the Petitioner is mod deeply impressect with great sorrow and regret, that his con-dud, in not paying immediate obedience to the Orders °t the House, for his attendance at the Committee appointed to try the merits of the return for the Burghs of Queer, ferry, and others of tint Ditlrict of Burghs in Scot-End, proceeding from his ignorance in such matters, should have drawn upon him the high displeasure and censure of Vol. ^8.

the House; and that Ife feels the moil sincere contrition for this his offence, and humbly begging pardon for the fame, he submits himself to the merciful judgment of the House; and that his absence from home at this fealbn is of great prejudice and detriment to his private affairs: And therefore praying. That he may be released from his prerent confinement.

Ordered, That the said James Trotter be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday next.

A Petition of Stephen Brooks, of the Town of Nottingham, Petition of Framework-knitter, was presented to the House, and read; B.wks" to be letting forth, That the Petitioner is desirous of a fluring uncharged, the House, that he has never fullered more pain and anxiety of mind than at the unfortunate circumstance of his having fallen under the displeasure of the Committee of the House, appointed to determine on the merits of the late cleft:ion for the Town and County of the Town Nottingham, and of having been found guilty of prevaricating in his testimony, and begs leave to allure the House, that he feels the moil sincere contrition for the impropriety of his conduct; and that the Petitioner is a married man, having apprentices under his care, and is wholly dependent upon his industry, and that of his apprentices, for the support of himself and his family: And therefore praying.

That the House will take his case into consideration, and adopt such nieafures as may speedily relieve him from his present state of confinement.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Brooks be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday next, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into consideration His Majesty’s most gracious MefTage of rcpt-aing yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Sir James Sauraa

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House., to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant Annual to the directions of an Act of Parliament, Accounts

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordi- prefc’nted: nary Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Public Britain, for the year ended the 5th January 1803; distin- Incom*’ guishing England from Scotland; and distinguishing, under each head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each head respectively; distinguishing also, the Amount

4 F of

294

25* Ma

A. 1803,.

of the Net Produae, and the Hate per centum for collecting For Transporls; and for. Prisoners of War in Health—

the Fame, and the nature, and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each head respectively; distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in. the hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th days of January 1802 and 1803 respectively, applicable to, orarifing from, the Revenue of the said year; together with the Amount

Coiifolithted

Kirud*

lVrmanent

Taxes.

Arrears and Balances.

} Balances of ji Deputy |j Pubiiaiters.

8thly. The Ordnance; specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and. Abroad respectively— pthly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; for Regulars,

Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps j fof Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospital; of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of January 1802 and 1803 respectively, whether appropriated Public Offices; specifying also the Amount of Monies or unappropriated, and the Amount of the Exchequer paid for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public principal articles thereof—iothly. Loans, Remittances,

Service, between the days above-mentioned, and not re- and Advances, to other Countries; specifying the Total deemed within that period; with several Appendixes: Amount paid to them respectively—uthly. Miscellaneous And also. Services; specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for

An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund Services at Home and Abroad respectively—And* lastly, of Great Britain, for the year ended the 5th day of January specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to 1803; and also of the actual Payments thereout within the other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enume-said year, and of the future annual Charge upon the said rated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Fund, as it flood on the 5th of January 1803, subject to Great Britain, from those which belong to it with Ireland; such decrease in the Charge as may arise from the decreale with several Appendixes: And also, in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Bri-Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; tain, as the fame flood on the xft day of February 1803; FundedD*^ distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the fame is for Debt existing prior to the year 1793, and also the In- created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills come derived from the Duties imposed in each subsequent funded, so far as the fame can be ascertained; distinguish-year, together with the Charge created in each correspond- ing also, the different Funds in which it is invefled, the ing year, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, such Charge was created in each of the said years: And Annuities for Terms, Charges of Management, the Annual also, Charge upon the Consolidated Fund by Acts passed in the

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent 26th and 42d years of His present Majesty’s reign, and Taxes of Great Britain existing before the year 1793, and the Annuity of £. 1 per centum per annum upon part of

also, of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent year; taken Capitals created since 3th of January 1793; distinguish-for two years, ending respectively upon 5th January 180a, ing also upon what conditions, and at what periods, the several parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable: And also,

An Account of the progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, Ireland, and Imperial Loan, at id of February 1S03; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds, and specifying how much of each has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the

Public

and 5th January 1803: And also.

An Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all Public Accountants on the 5th day of January 1803: And also,

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of the Deputy "Poll-mailers in Great Britain on the 3th July 1802, 10th October 1802, and 3th January 1803, respect

Redemptvtt of Ditto.

i|

|i Arrears of

, Officers of J»oft Office.

Public l:*pemlitui

e.

tively; distinguishing their names, and for what places, Reduction of the National Debt since ill August 1786, and the amount of their respective disbursements and the average price of Stocks, and the Sums annually appli-allowances, during the Quarters severally ending upon the cable to the reduction thereof; likewise, what further An-3th July 1802, 10th October 1802, and 3th January nuities will fall in; and also the Capital of the Debt that 1803; And also, has been transferred to the Commissioners on account of

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due Land Tax redeemed: And also, on the 3th January 1803, from the Officers of the Poll An Account of the unfunded Debt and Demands out- Unfunded Office in Great Britain, from the 5th January 1774; dif- Handing on the 5th January 1803, under the heads of ^minds'1

tinguishing the names of such Officers, &c. and dates of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, outitmding.

Payments, to the 3th January 1803: And also. Civil List Advances, and any other head of Public Ser-

Ah Account, shewing how the Public Monies remain- vice; specifying the fame; distinguishing under each head ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 3th of January respectively the particulars of which such Debts or De-1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during mands consisted, and also what part of the said Debts or the year ending the 3th of January 1803, and the Monies Demands was then provided for, and in what manner, paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said and what part thereof was unprovided for; with several fear, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together Appendixes.

with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Mr. Nicholas Vansittart also presented to the House,

Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said year, have pursuant to their Order,

been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has Salaries, &e.

of the Sums applied to the following heads of Service: taken place in the amount of Salaries, Emoluments, and of Post 01iicC

'ill. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together Expences of the General Post Office, for the years ending

with the Charges of Management; the Sums applicable the 3th January 1802 and 3th January 1803.

to its Reduction; the usual Grant for the fame purpose; And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans—2dly, Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The Interest on Exchequer Bilk—3dly. The Civil List— Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the

4thly. The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund; Members of the House.

’ " The fifth, sixth, and last of the said Accounts, to-

foecifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties—^thly. The Civil Government of —

6tbly. The other Payments in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia, and Deserters Warrants—7 thly. The Navy; specifying the Amount of Mo-jedes respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and contingencies; for the Marines.; for the YiftuaUing; for the Sick and Wounded;

6

gether with the Appendixes to the first and seventh, are preserved amongst the other papers of this Seffiqn—The first *, second and third f, *(No.34.) seventh J, eighth and ninth §, and the tenth ||, + (No.35.) with the Appendixes referred to therein, are + mQ ,5 ) interted in the Appendix to this volume. (

Note. The fourth of the said Accounts was, § (IN°. 37-I jn consequence of not being properly pre- H (No-38-> ' pared, withdrawn (by an "Order of the House, of the nth day of August) and others presented. y

Mr.

3Q UfEO. Ill*

25" Martii.

295

fceunts

prffented;

Hemp and

fUx.

jHdg«*

fabric#.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the payment of Bounties on the growth of Hemp and Flax in Britain remaining undisposed of: And also,

An Account, shewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for payment of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Jppadi*,

(No. 39)

Accounts of Tonnage of Vessels, pleated.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and County j^tanw, Judges Salaries, after satisfying all demands thereon, to of, the Town of Drogheda, in Ireland, legally convened by Drogheda, 5th January 1803. the Sheriffs of the said Town and County* was presented respecting

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the first

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. formation of the Militia Laws in Ireland, a Regiment was The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix raised for the said Town and County, confiding of 183

•si to

ITA

fid*

(No. 21.)

Icarc of

Absence.

S3-.c

Sa

to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Sentance, from the Commissioners of the Cudoms, attended at the door; he was called in.; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the di red ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount

men

and that the said Town and County contains hot more than 15,000 inhabitants, and but 3,560 aefes of land; and it was, shortly after the railing of the said Regiment by ballot, found that the expences attending the same, and the maintenance of the families of the soldiers thereof, amounted, in one indance, to the enormous (um of per acre yearly on the lands of the said Town of their tonnage, which have been built and regidered in and County; and that, in consequence of such burthen, the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th the Petitioners did apply for the union of the Drogheda

January 1802 and the 5th January 1803, as far as-the fame can be prepared: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th September 1802; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the Indies, as far as the fame can be prepared: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount

Regiment of Militia with that of Louth, which was accordingly granted, but they dill feel the proportion of Militia Men required to be furnished by the County of the Town of Drogheda burthensome and unequal, inasmuch as the Louth Regiment, with the Drogheda united, confids of 549 men, and the number thereof requisite to be provided by Drogheda is x 83 men, although Drogheda contains, as before dated, not more than 15,000 inhabitants, and 3,500 acres of land, and the County of Louth contains 60,000 inhabitants, and 111,000 acres of land;

of their tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys ein- and that the Petitioners conceive the quota of men to be ployed in navigating the fame, including their repeated provided by Drogheda ought to be in proportion to its voyages, which entered inwards and cleared outwards, in population, or its extent with the County of and the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all parts of if taken according to its population, which would be far the World, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th more advantageous for Louth than according to extent,

~~ - - - the number of men to be provided by Drogheda would be

one-fifth of the entire Regiment, and no more, amounting

January 1803; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That Admiral Cornwallis have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Lord William Stuart have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. James Butler have leave of absence for a month, to attend the affixes for the County of Kilkenny; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Pettryn election.

American * Bill,

to no men only, and if taken according to extent,-the number to be provided would not amount to more than 17 men; and that the mode of assessing the said Town and County at Vestry has been found ineffectual, and, from experience, the Petitioners are fully aware of the pernicious consequences that would result from a ballot in that great manufacturing Town, to avoid which they, on one occasion, resorted to the measure of voluntary subscriptions, a mode extremely difficult to carry into effect to the extent required: And therefore praying, That the Assizes Grand Jury of the said Town and County may have a power vested in them by Law, to present and levy a general Tax upon the houses and buildings of the said Town and its suburbs jointly with the lands of the said County, as is done in the County of Dublin.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee <*n resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ordnance*1 ' the Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, in r.-.nHi Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for appointing Commissioners for dif* Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s tributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United Ordnance at Woolwich, be now read

States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to compensation out of such money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the third read-

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Greenland Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fishery Bhl>

J^Rtgu. ing of the ingrafted Bill, for establishing certain llegula* allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery report,d ";i Bl" f!0ns in the office of the Surveyor General of His Ma- to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for

jesty’s Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, be now read. the present season, was committed, the Amendments which

And the said Order being read accordingly; the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

lhe said Bill was read the third time. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Vol. 58. Report

•296

25'-

-28° Martii.

A. 1803.

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with -the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then % second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Supply, 4e fei+cd.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Deputy Or* tend ths House, Tommorrow, with the last return for the attendT1'11 Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and amend the fame, by rafing out the name of Charles Brooke,

Esquire, and inferring the name of John Maitland, Esquire, instead thereof.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Robertson’* to enable HI lit am , Esquire, of r, to ex- K:tate Bill,

change the Lands of Bandeatk, Hillhouse Field, and Kirk- committe<i lands of Bo, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid-Lothian, and Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations, contained And then the House adjourned till Monday in a disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather,

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Chippenham Fleet ion, dc* termined.

Luncc, 28® die Martii;

Anno 43® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

Ti. Kynaston Powell, from the Select Committee who

for the Lands of Raning and Greenfide, belonging to him in fce-simple, and lying in the County of Berwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Wlr.Evan Baillie, the Lord Binning, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to the House, Loner Presto* altering, and Roruls B,ll»

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire prefen ted

MR. Kynaston Powell, from the Select Committee who according to Order, a Bill for amending, -----Q,

were appointed to try and determine the merits of keeping in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road be-the Petition of John Maitland, Esquire; and also, of the tween Burnley and Colne, in the Town ship of Marfden, in Petition of Henry Guy, Henry Pooie, and the several other the Panrtl ot ^halley,111 the County Palatine of Lancaster Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, severally to the Town of Gifvurn, in the West Riding of the County complaining of an undue election and return for the Bo- and from thence to the lurnpike Hoad leading

rough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, informed ^rom to Settle, at or near the Town or Village ot

Long Preston, in the said County of York: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the merits of the Petitions did depend upon the right of election; and that, therefore, the said Committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver to the Clerk of the faicj Committee, Statements, in writing, of the right of election for which they respectively contended:

That, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" Borough of Chippenham: The Petitioner Rates the right of election to be in the Bailiff, Burgesses, and " Freemen, being Householders of, and resident in, the " ancient Burgage Houses within the Borough of * penham

That the counsel for the Sitting Member, Charles Brooke, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The right of election is in the Bailiff and Burgesses Speaker’s Chamber " at large (that is to say, being Inhabitants) within the * Borough, paying, ot liable to pay, the Poors Rates That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have determined,

That die right of election, as set forth in the Grid Statement, is not the right of election for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts:

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have de-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ciofe'tNat. for naturalizing Valentine Close, was read a second time. Blll»

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John C0Iunmt liam Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a st. Git«*« Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Gi/cs-in-the-Fields, K]j

in the County of Middlesex, was read.a second time. commktei ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the

Bill, committed-

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, sonthamptoa made in the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty, Waterwork* for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits, and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose, Mi.

Sturges, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

ingrossed

Bill for

abolishing

certain Dues, called Southampton

termined. Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for ira- j^®1 ’

That the right of election, as set forth in the said State- proving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making ment, is the right of election for the said Borough of a convenient Dock for the security of Ships; for extend-Chippenham: ing the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers

That the said Select Committee have also determined, in the Harbour there, and for erecting Warehouses for That Charles Brooke, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur- the safe custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for im-gefs to l'erve in this present Parliament for the said Bo- posing certain Duties for the above purposes, was read the rough of Chippenham: third time.

And also, that the said Select Committee have deter- An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, mined, by way of Ryder, to exempt certain Vessels from the pay-

That John Maitland, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to ment of Tolls.

have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Chippenham:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John Maitland, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Chippenham:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the opposition of the said Charles Brooke, Esquire, to the said Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to b« made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the title be. An Act for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Cui-toms, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southamp; for making a cor.-

A , o

venient Dock for the security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for erecting Warehouses for the fafo custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above purposes.

Ordered,

_______D x ized

.43 (jrEO.

28° Mariiu

297

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their concurrence.

Kirkbj-cum- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ofcodtyln- ancj Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Emitted!’ other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirkby-cwn-Ofgodby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Letfcelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Prtlii'n The House was moved, That the Petition of the Right ipimt.re- honourable John Lord Monfon, and the humble Petition of r^Hilor- the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto fub-daed. feribed, which was presented to th.e House upon Thu delay last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

ShTfrton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ta. im-iofarc (}ie Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and inter-,p e‘ mixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

verton, with the Chapelry of annexed, in the County of Gloucester, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, 'An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

vertm, with the Chapelry of Boddinglon annexed, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do cariy the Bill to the

three weeks, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for' trial of the Chippenham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Sommers Cocks have leave of absence for three weeks, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Chippenham election.

Mr. M'Dowall presented to the House, according to ^jafrow Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Pa- pruned tent for establishing a Theatre in the City o And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. McDozvall presented to the House, according to Renfrew Order, a Bill for extending the term of, and altering, amend-

ing, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts, passed in, l)iUUKC the 26(11, 27th, and 30th years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 29th, 32c!, and 37th years of the reign Of Ills present Majesty, for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Counties of RenfreiVy Lanark, and Ayr; and for extending the said Acts to other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Reiifrexjj: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

ReJclvedj That the Bill be read a second time,

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order, ivh>rrft a Bill for continuing the term, and altering the powers, of Ru-(5<

. J . ’ preUnUcu.

two Acts, made in the 29th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d year of the

reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Hoads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry "tyre, 1 j

Esquire, in the Parish of lVhitepariJ].\ in the County of IFH/j,

to the top of Dtuiwood Hill\ and from thenef. over Great

Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to I

dred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence

to the County of the Town of SouthamptonAnd the lame

was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

tew Ordered, That Lord George Augvfits Henry Cavendish be

ki-iSon aclded to tl,e Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, imiiiiuttBui. and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of otherwise Brajou, in the County of Derby.

%rer{atc!?. Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bras-fingUm, otherwise Braffon, in the County of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Wonsfcr A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Abbw. General Bertie have leave of absence for three weeks, on (%) urgent private business;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Sir Edward Littleton, having, on a Ballot for an Election Committee, sworn that he was sixty years of age, or upwards, have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business;

It passed in the Negative.

Atocwf Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie have further leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Graham have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Duu/erm-hue, &c. election.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcote have leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Chippenham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote have leave of absence for VOL. 58.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Stowe | Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Failures, Moors, I^]"1'jre j' Commons, Wades, and other unincioied Lands and committed.. Grounds, within the Township of Stowe and the Hamless

of Sturton and Rranjby, in the Parish of Stave, in the;

County of Lincoln, was read a second time. ;r

Refohed,rYInt the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, j|

General deplume, &c.: And they are to meet tills After- f.

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stephen Brooks was, according to Order, brought tothcBar, 1

where he received a reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his fees. dim...foe.!..

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuef- p..,;,..,. c«j day last, for taking into further consideration, Tommorrow, (idemtiono.. the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are Manure- 1 thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and Manufactories within the Counties of 1011’1‘•‘4il

Wilts, and Gloucester, was referred, might be read. [

And the said Order being read accordingly. i

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. !

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further eon-sideration upon Friday next. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Greenland of the ingossed Bill, for allowing Vessels employed in the Fiiheiy iJilf Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of i

men at certain Ports for the present season, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of men at certain Ports for the present season.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

4 G

298

28° Mart'n.

A. 1803.

ti

lies

Bill,

titted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- empower the surviving Devisee in trust, named in the will ing of the Bill to enable Roman Catholics, taking and tub- of Thomas , heretofore of the Parish of Saint -

feribing the Declaration and Oath contained in an Act of in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deccaied,

the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near " An Act to relieve, upon conditions and under refiric- Church , in the Parish of Saint in

" tions, the Persons therein described from certain Penal- the County of , deviled to him by the lame

" ties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons proses- will, and to tell and pull down an ancient Messuage stand-" sing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," to take ing on part of the said ground, and to apply the Monies the benefits given by an Act of the iSth year of the reign to arise by l'uch tale upon the Trutfs of the said will; to

h Courts till,

:rred.

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for relieving " His Majesty’s Subjects prefeffing the Popish Religion, " from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them " by an Act, made in the 11 th and 12th years of the reign " of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the ■" further preventing the growth of Popery," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s

Bar.

which the Lords desire the conourrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for bringing James James Trotter Trotter to the Bar of this House, be now read. brought to ito

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said James Trot ter'be now brought to the Bar.

And he was brought to the Bar accordingly.

And the said James Trotter Handing at the Bar, and the Serjeant by him, with the Mace, was informed by Mr.

Speaker with the matter of the Report, which was made on tl’.e 28th day of February last, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of the Honourable Captain Alexander Cochrane, of the Royal Xavy; and all'o of the Petition of Sir John Her.-derson. Baronet, severally complaining of an election and double return for the Ciafs or District of Burghs, confuting

IV T- 1

h

fi..

Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, of Dunfermline, Stirling, Inverkeithing, Culrof, and Que

:n s-

the United Kingdom called Ireland, more

in that part of

beneficial, and all’o to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrells; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21 ft and 22cl years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the time for.Trials by N.fi P in the City and County " of Dublin, and for making the process of the Court " of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

c I.oris e agreed to

;J.> and :ker*eld ■id Bill.

8

I;

ftrd Roads ill.

from the Lords, by Mr. Wihnot and Mr.

ferry, in Scotland, viz. That he (the said James Trotter) having been duly summoned by t lie Speaker’s warrant, and all’o by an order signed by the Chairman of the said Committee, to attend to give evidence before the said Committee, had disobeyed such warrant and order, and had not appeared in pursuance thereof.

And the said James Trotter was heard.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

A Motion w'as mate, and the Quciii m being proposed, Quezon Neg. That the said James Trotter be again brought to the Bar, in charging him. order to his being di'.charged, paying his Fees;

The House was moved, That the Report from the said Select Committee, relating to the said James , might be again read.

A Message

Popham:

Mr. Speaker, And the fame was read accordingly.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The House was also moved. That the Entries in the for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed Journals of the House, of the 4th day of November, and in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and of the 2d, 5th, and 8 th days of December 1796* of the in the tenth and thirty-second years of the reign of His pre- proceedings of the House with respect to Alexander lent Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to who, having been duly summoned by virtue of a warrant of Wakefield, in the County of York; without any Amend- Mr. Speaker, to attend as a witness to give evidence before ment: And also, ‘ the Select Committee on the Southwark election, had dif-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obeyed such summons, might be read. •.

more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair. And the fame were read accordingly,

the Roads from the East end of the Town of Chard to the And the Question being put, Thai the said James Trotter

South end of Weft Moor, and from the Weft end of the be again brought to the Bar, in order to his being dil-Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilminster, to Kenny Gate, and charged, paying his Fees; from the Weft end of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and It passed in the Negative.

from Saint Pane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Cross to Ordered, That so much of the Minutes of the evidence

Chillington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over taken before the said Select Committee, as relates to the said

be laid before this House.

Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catharine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garr'fioivn, in the county of ; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of East Stower, otherwise Sioever East Stower, in the County of Dorset j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, endments. Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rippingale and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments \ to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for X EiHte enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and 8

Extracts of

Minutes,

ordered.

*ri flown lofure li.

1 Stower *l ola re Jl.

pin gale, Indoiure , with

.: Lords

1 _• paned

The House was moved, That the seventh Article of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

__ O _ O j *

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, from the 1 ft day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1803, and the sums contributed thereto by Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord G/cnbervie, Lord Viscount Castle-rcagh, Mr. Carry, Mr. Wickham, Mr. William Elliot, Mr. Samuel ‘Thornton, Mr. Beresford, Sir Robert Peel, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Tierney, Sir John William Anderson, Sir Thomas Theophdus Metcalfe, Lord Henry Petty, Mr. Manning, Lord Viscount Dtin/o, Mr. Hob house, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Bond, Mr. John Latouche, Mr. Nicholas Vanfitiart: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

OrderedfYDMLt five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

• . A Motion

Committee

appointee) to enquire into the Expenditure of the United Kingdoms.

ttj %JT±jU. ill.

28° Martii.

299

Motions A motion being made, That leave be given to bring in a January 1802, and on the 5th day of January 1803, re-mi ported Bill to equalize Jjy weight the bushel on all Salt, imported ipectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of

into Ireland, ’ " ‘ "

ami for reading the other Oners of ti.e J>.iy,

withdrawn.

Timer

fttOLSl

Militia

Osiers Bill,

into that part of the United Kingdom, called Ireland-, the said year; together with the Amount of the Balance

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th day of January That the said Motion be referred to the consideration of a and on the 5 th day of January 1803, respectively.

Committee of the whole House; whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between That the other Orders of the day be now read. the days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that

And the said Motions were, severally, with leave of the period; with several Appendixes.

House, withdrawn. And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

" 1 Ordered, That the said Account, with the Appendixes,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third readinS do lie upon the Table, of the inferofled Bill, to provide for the more speedy and ef- Ordered, That the said Account, with the Appendixes, feftual completing the Establishment of Officers in the Mi- be printed for the Members of the House

Iitia of Great Britain, anti for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time. ’

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to enable Lord Lieutenants to appoint qualified Persons from adjoining Counties.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 3. To leave out " Law" and insert " the find " recited Acts or either of them, or this tc Act," instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " in ."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Eritian, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The several Appendixes, referred to, in the said Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix

(No. 31

The House

being

informed that Mr. Porter, from the Account of Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, of Customs, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

An Account of the Balances and Arrears due from the Collectors or Accountants of the Customs, in England, on the 3th day of January 1803, as far as the fame can be made up

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

I.ICTt -.'in- £}-

in;: . ir James,!

Ian'

Bill,

ordered.

reepers

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and-others, on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B'H for confo. iKhnng Irish

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into one Act, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day fortnight, the nth day of April next.

Acwontof Ordered, That' there be laid before this House, an Account of all Rock Salt and White Salt exported from Great Britian in three years ending 3th January 1793, and three years ending 5th January 1803; distinguishing each year; and distingudhing the several Countries to which exported.

fee of

fed, . feted.

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary ResourceS constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing under each head of revenue—the Amount of the Grol's Receipt, the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also the Amount of the'Net Produce, and the Rate per centum for collecting the fame, and the nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce: distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, and the-Amount of the Balances or Bills in the hands of the several. Officers of the revenue on the 5th day of Vol.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Rerort on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Kirfer’3 to take into consideration Elis Majesty’s most gracious Message of Thu del ay last, the Resolution which the Com- Saunarez. mittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and be settled upon Rear Admiral Sir James Sanmarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, for the term of his natural life.

The said Resolution being read asecond time, was, upon;

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, mine Coniradiccnte.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Markham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Nicholas Vc.njittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Wayi Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to an^iVIt;ilu* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the j

Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Exchequer towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further sum of Four Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas F071fttart, a;id Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Woolwich Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill '0r‘,n‘1" veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further

300

28"—<29°

A,

1803.

further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance " through the County of the Borough of

at Wookvich, was committed, the Amendments which the " , and Village of Clears, to ‘Cavern! die, in the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had " Parish of Kijfig, at the Borders of the County of directed him to report to the House; and he read the ‘'broke-' the other, made and passed in the 24th year of Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the term the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the and powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

and keeping in repair, several other lloads within tire find County; for discharging the Trustees from the care and management of certain parts of the said lloads, and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

Ways and Wctnb, decried.

be true; and that the Committee had gone through the The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Bi!!, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Committee r>n American Commission--rs Bill.

Supply,

tkkned.

solve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money fli pula ted to be paid by the United States of , under the

Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to Compensation out of such Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Re/ilved, Tint this House will. To morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, 'Pen of the clock.

Martis,29° die

Anno 430 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1803.

\ Chippenham Return,

had directed him to report to the House; anti he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table i Whue the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Oaktry inclo-and Common Fields, Common and [.a nr mas Meadows, iuix *■ 1!> Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, commuuA in the County of Bedford, was read a ftcnnJ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to M>. S[

S[ John, Mr. OJbren, be.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the B ar*on, Ac, Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Com- ^portal! mon Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Burton, otherwise Burl on-upon-St at her, and in the Hamlets of Slather,

Darby, Cher, lbs, and Co/ebv.within the Pan Hits of Burton and H'eji Halloa, in the Wapentake of A lanky ,in t lie

County of Lincoln; and for making a compensation in Hull of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient Incloled Lands, in the lame Township and Hamlets, was committed; That the ■Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s "Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one

amended.

PR A YE ft 3.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, to Order, amended the return for the Borough ot were agreed to by the House.

Chippenham, in the County of IF ills.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

* Coker’s Estate An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

grofled.

CC

mmirtfd veiling part of the Estates settled upon the Marriage of Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to wcrkfopln-

John Coker 1 Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte Mar* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-sham> in the said John Coker, in fee-simple, and for tettling veral Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and ail p,e‘ other Estates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within same uses, was read a second time. the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham: And

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, the fame was received; and read the first time.

Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carmarthen, an

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Su Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, and presented. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received; first time.

.’hat the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. HamlynWilliams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and reported. * enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, the one made

and passed in the 3d year of the reign of His present Ma- and read the I jesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and Resolved, T " keeping in repair, the high Road leading from the tour-" teenth mile stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the Notice being taken, That the Title of the Bill for build-" County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Liyaiadying a Bridge over the River at or near its JJiJiJraw'n.’ " Gzvyn, in the Parish of Llandilovaur, and from thence by mouth or outlet into the River in the County Of

« Cledfulch, and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of Llandi- Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches Iwaur, and from the said Town along the Poll Road by thereto, which Bill was, upon Friday daft, read the first time.

and

43 Geo. JTI.

29° Ma.

301

Or<?fr for Bill,

<{iK barged, and another orfcretl.

V";

and ordered to be read a second time, Varied from the Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration

Order for preparing, and bringing in, the fame. and Oath, contained in an Act of the 31ft year of the reign

Ordered, That the Order for the second Reading of the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, said Bill be discharged. " upon conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn, " therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon " to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Reli-Wednesday lad:, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for " gion, are by Law subject," to take the benefits given by enabling certain persons to ered a Bridge over the Creek an Act of the x 8th year of the reign of His present Majesty, or River Ravensborne, between its mouth or outlet into the intituled, "An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects

" professing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties " and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the nth and 12th years of the reign of King William " the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing " the growth of ."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee*

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

That the Report be received Tommorrow.

River Thames, and a certain Mill in the Parish of Saint

Paul Deptford, in the County of Kent, called The Tide Mill, now or late in the occupation of William and to extend from the Parishes 0 Nicholas and Saint

Paul Deptford, in the said County, or one of them, to the Parish of Eujl Greenwich, in the said County, and to make proper avenues or Roads to and from the same in the said Parishes, with powers for maintaining and repairing the said Bridge and Roads, from time to time, might be read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River at or near its

mouth or outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

FrcxfieM Tn-rbiurc Jill],

cwrjDiitui.

\ B!!l for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Wade, called The FroyfieldBarnett, and other W ade and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfic!d> in the County of SG:i!iiiw:pt:n> was read a Iecond time.

R,so!rjedy That the Till be committed to Sir William HcathcotCy Mr. Chute, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

KytheCom* A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common monincloiurc called The Nythey otherwise The Nytheu Common, in the committed. Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William HeathcotCy Mr. 67.Tr/e, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to pro-Jiriai Ground v*^e a new Burial Ground, and credt a Chapel thereon, for

Bill, to fit on

Cemtofttee on

St. Giles’s

Mr. John Smyth, from the Select Committee who were ilchester appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition jammed, of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of , in the County of Somerset, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas Plummer, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of llchefer, in the County of Somerset:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Hunter, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

of llchefer

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir William Manners, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of llchefer:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That James Graham, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

Thursctay.

Oketampton Beads Bill, Qxumttedk

the Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fidds, in the county of Mid- gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

diefex, is committed, have leave to fit, and proceed upon of llchefer:

the said Bill, upon Thursday next. And also, that the said Select Committee have deter-

mined,

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- That the last election of Burgesses to serve in this pre-ing the powers, of two Acts, palPed in the 33d year of the sent Parliament for the said Borough of is a void

reign of his late Majesty, and in the 2 2d year of the reign of election:

His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William El-ford, Mr. Bafard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Wof

Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hony wood have further leave of abduce for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Dr ax Grosvenor have leave of absence for a fortnight, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Chippenham election. '

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming have further leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagwell have leave of absence for six weeks, to attend the affixes for the County of Tipperary; he in the Journals of this House, having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Nottingham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick have leave of absence for three weeks, to go to Bath, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Air. WdlefcyPole have leave of absence fora month, to attend the affixes for the Queen's County;

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said Sir William Manners, Baronet, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the opposition of the said Thomas Plummer to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the opposition of the said William Hunter to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered

he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Penryn election.

Air. John Smyth also acquainted the House, That the Social Repo said Select Committee had corrie to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and Couuoittc*. he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and

viz

JknuitttiOB

Kfi

r,nCith0. n TheH°use. according to Order, resolved itself into a ^Oatht Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Vox,. 58.

is as folio we th;

Resolved, That such a system of corruption was formed, and such instances of individual acts of bribery were 'committed previous to the said election, with a view to influence the fame, as to render it incumbent on this Committee to 4 H submit

302

29° Mart it.,

A. 1803.

submit th6 fartie to the mod feriou? consideration of the House, in order that such proceedings may be instituted thereon as the House, in its wisdom, may think proper to mdopt.

Resolved, That Alexander Davison, of Saint James's Esquire, was engaged in the said system of corruption.

Resolved, That John White Parsons, of Weft in

the County of Somerset, was also engaged in the said system of corruption.

Resolved, That Thomas Hopping, of West Camels, aforesaid, was also engaged in the said system of corruption.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ■consideration upon Friday, the 2id day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Minutes Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings of the

ordered. said Select Committee be laid before this House.

petition of The House was moved. That the Petition of the Persons, nufacturerTof wh°fe names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cot-Chester.York, ton Manufacture in, the Counties of Chester, York, Lane after, be-referred to and Derby, which was presented to the House upon the i ommittee. of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackbnrne of Lancashire,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and |! have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was also moved. That the several other Petitions, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Act passed in the 39th and 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the said Committee: And they are to examine the matters thereof; and 'report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Other

Peritions,

referred.

IlchesterWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of two Burgefi’es, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, the last election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, having been determined to be void.

Road Bi* Lord William Russell presented to the House, according jr.Ieftted.* Order, a Bill for enlarging, explaining, amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, the several Acts, and the term, Tolls, payments, and powers, granted I in and by three several Acts, passed in the 22d year of his

i late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th and

31ft years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road -from New Street, in Southw, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame; and j also, an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty,

for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, Bermondsey: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

, Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

to be given in the newspapers; but it appeared to the Committee, that no notice was affixed on the Sessions House door for the County of Devon at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, nor were the Map or Plan and Book ot Reference deposited with the Clerk of the Peace on or before the 30th day of September last, as required by the Stahding Orders, because, owing to unforeleen circutn-stances, the necessary arrangements and enquiries could not be completed until after the last Michaelmas Sessions, and after the 30th day of September last; and it appeared to the Committee, that the said notice was affixed on the Sessions House door at the ensuing Epiphany Quarter Sessions, and the Map or Plan and Book of Reference were deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County on the nth day of January last, being the first day of the said Epiphany Quarter Sessions; and it also appeared to the Committee, that the Duke of Bedford is the iolc Owner of all the Lands through which the Canal and the several other works are intended to be made, and he is confcnting, as are likewise all the Occupiers of the said Lands; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Taylor being examined, said. That a Canal and Tunnel for the navigation of boats, barges, and other vessels, may be conveniently made from and out of the River Tamar, in the said County, at or near a certain place called Quay, to the said Town and Borough of together

with collateral Cuts from the said Canal, and proper Railways and Roads to the fame, by which the said Town and Borough, and the country adjacent, would be supplied, at a cheaper rate than at present, with coals, lime, and all other articles, which will be of great advantage to the said Town and Borough, and its neighbourhood, and of much public utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other powers, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kitmaird,

Mr. Lubbock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, according s‘r Jan* to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain AnnuityBffl. Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir JamSaumarcz, Baronet, pretented, and Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Fanftttart presented to the House, accord- Exchequer ing to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year P one thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

t

ter

lir

tu

it:

ta

r

ta

L

cri

hr

Fa

|r

r£

v.

lit

V;

Tamar Canal General Fitzpatrick reported from the Committee, to ! ’ST whom the Petition of the Moll noble John Duke of Bed-1 1,ported. ford, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen,

Merchants, Traders, and others, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Tavistock, and parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, - and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative , to Navigation Bills, and Bills for making Railways, had

been complied with, fcr far as relates to the notices required a-

Ordered, That the Account of the Commissioners for Ireland— the Reduction of the National Debt, of all Sums which printed, have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been redeemed or purchased by them, together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the same, and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a general State of the Fund, specifying whether any, and what Money, still remains unpaid to the Bank on their account, or lies there unapplied by them.

* u V

Woolwich Ordnance lauds Bill, polled.

American

C*mr.uuon» rs Bill, deferred.

a’4J

Uh

asi

jrJEO# 111.

them; and also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the account of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of the Sums received and paid, and the Stock purchased for each Loan; also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the execution of the Powers vested in them, and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them;—and also, the Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for the year ending 5th January 1802,

specifying the several Articles, and the Countries, and the Value, and distinguishing the Export of native Products or Manufactures; and also distinguishing the Import and Export of Foreign or Colonial Goods from native

Products or Manufactures, and their Values respectively; together with the Rate and Amount of Duties, Bounty, or Drawback, paid on each;—and likewise the Lift of Officers whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts in Ireland, and of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts for Money imprested on Account, and for extraordinary Services in Ireland; be printed for the Members of the House.

303

poled in me, in both instances, with the exception of Rear Admiral Blankett, who unfortunately died a considerable

time before J received your letter.

I beg leave to allure you, I have not the smallest hefi-tation in giving the fullest credit to the acknowledgment you have so politely made, of the pleasure derived to your personal feelings from the discharge of the trull assigned you by the Honourable House.

The assurance you have been lo kind to convey, of there having existed no difference of opinion in the sentiments entertained in the House of Commons, with respect to the merit and importance of the service rendered on this oc-calion, whatever there might have been on other subjects, and of their having foefientially contributed in the attainment of the object that produced the pacification which had taken place, affords me peculiar satisfaction.

I have the honour to be, with the highest respect,

Sir,

Your moll obedient humble Servant,

Peter Rainier.

The Right honourable the Speaker of the

House of Commons, See. kc. See.

29°—30°

The ingrefled Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance at , was, according to

Order, read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to th. Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Order of the day being read;

Revived, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing the money llipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to Compensation out of such money.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii,30° Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the following letter had been received from Vice Admiral Rainier, in return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him in obedience to their commands of the 12th day of November 1801.

Victorious, Madras Road, the nth October 1802.

Sir,

I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your

letter of the 14th November 1801 (which only came to

hand the 22d ultimo, transmitting the unanimous Vote of

Thanks of the Honourable House of Commons to Rear

Admiral Blankett, and to the Captains and Officers of the

Squadron employed on the Coast of the Red Sea, for their

zeal, activity, and perseverance, which they have manifelled

ln t"eir cooperation with the Army in Egypt, and deliring

®e* as their Commander in Chief, to lignity the same to them:

,. a the unanimous Vote of the Honourable House,

highly approving and acknowledging the services of the Stamen and Marines on board the fame Squadron, in the anutance afforded by them to the Army in Egypt; and art, J, r.e<luefting, I would direct the Captains of the fe-^tal thips to signify the Resolution of the Honourable 0. to their respective crews, with Thanks for their meritorious services.

I have the honour to acquaint you in reply, that I have, much satisfaction, discharged the trull you have re-

Mr. Payne Knight, from the Select Committee who were 1

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition determined of Boyd Alexander, Esquire, of South; and also, of the Petition of John Hamilton, Esquire, late Provost of Glasgow, and Delegate for that Burgh, and James Burns, Esquire,

Provost of Renfrew, and Delegate for that Burgh, severally* complaining of an undue election and return for the Dil*» tridt of Burghs of Glasgow, Rutherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, in Scotland, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Alexander Houjloun, Esquire, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Glasgow, Rutherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton, in Scotland: N j

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined, j

That Boy a Alexander, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to;

have been returned a Commissioner to in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Boyd Alexander, Esquire, is duly elected a,

Commissioner to serve in this prel’ent Parliament for the said District of Burghs:

And also, that the said Select Committee have deter-:

mined,

, That the op of the said Alexander Houjloun,

Esquire, to the said Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Deputy citr* tend this House Tommorrow, with the lall return for the *5?c.r°Hn District of Burghs of Glasgow, Rutherg, Renfrew, and 0 a eD ' Dumbarton, in Scotland, and amend the fame, by raling out the name of Alexander Hotjloun, Esquire, and inferring the name of Boyd Alexander, Esquire, inllead thereof. 1

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, Close’* Nat. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close, was committed; * * '

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the i

Bill to the Lords •, and acquaint them, that this House /

hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Falkiner reported from the Committee, to whom Dublin Roa* j the Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the 26th Bill» 1 j year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An r*^ortedv;

" Act for making, widening, and repairing, public I

Toad*

" Re

304

30" MartW.

A. 1803.

1!

Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing parts Garrison of Sheerness, are the property of the Petitioner;

of several Acts formerly made for that purpose," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ieve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Petition of Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Mr. Aifton, whom the Petition of William AlJion, of Rochester, in the Pier County of Kent, Butcher, was referred; That the Compel Paving mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Or-^ported. ders relative to Paving Bills, had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

and that the Owners of the said Manor have time out of mind enjoyed the exclusive right of getting ballast, Hones, land, and other materials upon such shore, and have received rent from divers* persons for permitting them to get the lame; but the Commissioners under the before-mentioned Act, by virtue of the power and authority given them to take and carry away ballast, Irenes, and other materials from the Sea Beach, within or near the limits of the said Ad, without paying any thing for the fame, have, finco the passing of the said Ad, carted and taken away from the said (bore great quantities ot ballast, Hones, land, and other materials, for the purpose of tire laid Ad, without paying any thing for the fame; and that the profits to arise to the Petitioner, from such exclusive right, was one of the Petitioner's motives for purchasing the said Manor; and that the Petitioner hath laid out and expended upwards of/J. 150. in making a Waggon Road to the said shore, which the Commissioners under the said Ad, have, from the great quantities of bahall and other materials they have daily, for some time past, carted and taken away from the said shore, rendered almost impayable, to the great detriment of the Petitioner, as he will necessarily be obliged, at his own expence, to repair and amend the fame; and that the Petitioner had not any regular notice given to him of the intention of applying to Parliament for the passing the said Act, and had not

passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty’s reign, for the least suspicion, until after the fame was passed, that building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sfieppy, in the it contained any such powers as are mentioned, cr . County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering that it would affect the rights and interests of the Peti-certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining, and keep- tioner.

ing in repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleans- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-

building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties for the supportim

maintamin

6>

and keeping in repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching

ing, ligi iting, watching, watering, and improving the high- pealing so much of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the ways, streets, lanes, and other public Railages and places, reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for* within that part of the Parish of Minjier, in the said Isle ot Sheppy, which lictli near His Majesty’s Dock-yard and Garrison ot Sheerness, called Blue ‘Town and Mile Town; and for preventing nuisanccs, annoyances, and obstruo lions therein, was read; whereby it appeared by the 31ft iedion of the said Ad, it is enacted as follows:

<c That the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, or " such other person or persons as they or such Surveyor , 44 from time to time shall employ and appoint, may, and " is and are hereby authorized and empowered to dig,

" Cut, gather, and take away any gravel. Hones, ballast,

<c land, chalk, flint, or other materials out of or from any " Common or Waste Ground, Cliff, or River, or from 44 the Sea Beach, being within or near the limits of this 44 Ad, for the purposes of this Act, without paying any

watering, and

improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other 44 public passages and places, within that part of the Ra- rish of Minjier, in the said Isle of Sheppy, which liefli 44 near His Majesty’s Dock \ard and Garnlon ot Sheer- nefsy called Blue Tozvn and Mile Town; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstrudions therein,199 as authorizes the Commissioners, or any person or persons therein named, to take or carry away any gravel, Hones, ballast, sand, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, be-

3a

C'J

i!J

(j

ci

longing to William Act on, Lord of the Manor of thing for the lame (such Surveyor or other person fill- in the Ifie of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, within or ;< ing up or railing the pits, levelling the ground, or near the limits to which the regulations of the said Act Hoping the banks where such materials shall be taken, extend, without paying any thing for the fame: And that " io as the lame may not be dangerous to passengers or Sir William Geary and Mr. Spencer Smith do prepare, and " cattle) and convey such gravel, stones, ballast, sand, bring in, the lame.

chalk, flint, or other materials, over the lands or " grounds of any person or persons whomlbever, not be- Ordered, That Mr. Bast ard do make the Report from Modbury " ing a yard, garden, or orchard, paying or tendering, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the " the Owners or Occupiers of such private lands for the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, rei’ur " damage which shall be done thereto in consequence of passed in the 3 2d year of the reign of his late Majesty,

" carrying the said materials over his or their lands, such and the 21ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for

equivalent in money as the said Commissioners shall repairing and widening the lload from throe

adjudge reasonable; and in case of any difference or the Town of Phmptun, to the North end or Lincotta Lu

disagreement between the said Commissioneri, Surveyor, or other person or persons appointed and em-" ployed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, " any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County " of Kent; shall, in a summary way, hear, settle, and

,igh Lane,

in the County of Devon, was committed Mr. Bast ard accordingly reported from th mittee. That the Committee had examined tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that’ the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

said Com-the Allega-

determine the matter of such damages; and the judg- several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

" ment or order of the said Justices shall be final and con-" elusive to the parties—Then,

John Simmons, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Manor of Miifter, with other premises, were fold under the direction of the Court of Chancery, on the 24th day of May 1799, when the Petitioner became the purchaser thereof, at the price of 5,2.34. and that the Manor lies to the eastward of the Town of Sheerness, and extends along the sea from Sander's Brook up to the Fort or Garrison of Sheerness, and from high to low-watermark; and that the ballast, stones, sand, and other mate

to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groll'ed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- iianflop ri;fts on the shore between Sander's Brook and the Fort or mons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor

and

» <JU/ V/

martii.

in the County

Barton, kc»

JntloliircBiH

juiled.

and Parish of Hanflop, otherwise

of Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Praed, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fivd of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Burton,. otherwise and in

throughout;

Where the Amendments were once read and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the HouCe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Highways and Sil-Jin, Bridges in the County of Stirling, was read a second time. to'niinj Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

the Hamlets of St at her. Darby, fhealby, and Co/eby, within stone Fleeming, Mr. William Dutidas, See.: And they are to

the Parishes of Burton and Weft Halton, in the Wapentake of Manley, in the County of Lincoln and for making a compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands, in the same Township and Hamlets, was read the third time.

meet this Afternoon, Speaker's Chamber.

at Five of the clock, in the

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom the Prerton;

- - - r r n r, * LailCJit'J

Lords

Amendments to Kippingule, kc. Induiorc Bill, ipted to.

Petition of several Trullees for putting in execution two Kj!c(s Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Aids, made in the 24th year his late Majesty, and the petition, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road reported. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Town- called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster ship of Burton, otherwise Burton-upon-Stather, and in the and Westmoreland, was referred; That the Committee had Hamlets of Slather, Darby, fhealby, and Coleby, within examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

the Parishes of Burton and iVefl Halton, in the Wapentake House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied of Manley, in the County of Lincoln-, and for making with; except that the notices which were published in the

newspaper called in the months of

August and September lart, and affixed on the Sessions House door, did not, from inadvertency, ddcrihe the Paddies through which the said Road pafles; and that no notice had been given of the intention ot placing the piece of Road described in the Petition under the care of the said Trullees, as it had not been determined on at the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open time the notices were given; but it appeared to the Coin-Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other mittee that the said piece of Road does not exceed one mile Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rippingale in length, and it has been widened and put in repair by

a compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of an cient inclosed Lands in the lame Township and Hamlets.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellifondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

' ‘ 1S>

and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as follows th; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 3. After " place," insert which shall not be distant above eight miles

the Inhabitants of the Parish in which it is situated, who are very desirous it should be annexed to the Roads described in the said Acts j and that it is not intended to erect any Turnpike on the said piece of Road; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Peti-

Pr. to. 1, 1.

from the boundary of the said tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in

his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. John 'faylor Wilson being examined, laid, That the Trullees have proceeded in the execution of the said " fuage, Cottages, Lands, or He- Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money on

" reditaments whatsoever." the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot

Pr. yj. 1. 36. After " Act," insert the following be repaid, nor the said Roads amended, and kept in re-

Parish.

After " provided," insert the following Proviso:

" Provided always, That nothing in " this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to " determine the title to any Mef-

Royal

Com*

K/uitt,

Kpwtcti.

Proviso

<c Provided always, That no such " Streams, Springs of Water, or " Watercourses, shall be diverted " without the content in writing " of the Owner or Owners of the " Lands and Grounds from which " any such Streams, Springs, or " Watercourses shall be diverted, " or into which any such Streams, " Springs, or Watercourses, shall be " turned."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry' the Bill to the L°'ds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

Mr. Newcomen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending the several Laws now in force, for enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete navigable Canal trom Dublin to on the river

Shannon, was committed; That the Committee had exa-nnned the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to true; and that the Committee had gone through the bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered he Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Vol. S8.

Committee.

pair, unless the terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other powers granted; that the Road leading out of the prcl'ent Road, at or near the Guide Post in the Township of to or

near a place called Hejl Bank, in the said Township, would be more conveniently repaired, and rendered more commodious for all persons passing thereon, if the lame was placed under the care and management of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Calico Persons, whefe names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Calico Printers, within the Counties of referred’to a cafler, Stafford, Cumberland, Derby, and Chester,' and at Selkirk, Perth, Lanerk, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, which

was presented to the House upon the 21 ft day ot February lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr,

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton have leave of absence for leave of three weeks, on urgent private business j he having served Absence.

4 1 upon

306

30"—31° Martii.

A. 1803.

upon the deleft Committee for trial of the Chippenham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Foster. Barham have leave of absence for one month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsonjunior, have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the election for the County of Hereford.

ommittee on rrenada, &c.

can Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Commitee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

visions in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shdley for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a piece or parcel of Itg1li°>lur* open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Hartley Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Sir ing of the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain AnnuYty Bill, Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Baronet, and committed.

Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, in confederation of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Roman

Catholic* Oaths Bill, reported.

Mr. Bond, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in an Act of the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re-" lieve, upon conditions and under Restrictions, the " Persons therein described from certain Penalties and * Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons protefiing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject," to take the benefits given by an Act of the 18th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects professing the Popish Religion from " certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by " an Act, made in the nth and 12th years of the reign " of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the " further preventing the growth of Popery," was committed i the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place } and after-terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Interest of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, lub-| sequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. cap. 13, a's

!• required by the 72d section of the said Act; and also, of

the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the year ended; j the 5th day of January 1803.

! And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Mem-

j bars of the House.

Afftedix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 40.) volume.

1 The Lords A Me flags from the Lords, by Mr. JVilmot and Mr.

lave agreed to popkam;

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy " andcffeftual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for * filling up Vacancies therein," and for making other pro-

13

! Account of Additions to PubiiC Deot, presented.

1!

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- £*"* *" fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for raisinjg the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand CCIJJiitted. eight hundred and three, was, according to Order, read a second time. -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The oth^r Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself American into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing deferred, the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to compensation out of such Money.

And then the House adjourned tiil Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Irish Militia Volunteers

till.

Jovis, 31° die Martii;

Anno, 430 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into confederation the Harwich and Petition of James Adams, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Harwich, petitions, in the County of Essex, being come; considered.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the-return for the District of Burghs

of

Goc

qfo LrEO. 111.

31° Ma

307

of Glasgow, Rutherglen, Renfrew, and Dumbarton in Scot- duced before the Selecft Committees for trial of controls,/, verted elections; and to consider of the expence occasioned

And several Members were sworn. thereby, and how it should be paid; and report the fame.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the three hundred and nine Members being present; Committee had considered the matters to them referred, and

And the Petition of Daniel Ord, Esquire, one of the Can- had directed him to make a Report thereof; together with dictates to represent the Town and Borough of Berwick- several Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read upon-Tweed, at the last Election for Members to serve for the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the said Town and Borough in the present Parliament; and the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as

Electors followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, ^examined the matters referred to their considerar ion j and have received the most satisfadory information from several Members of the House, who have served, or are serving on such Committees; by which it appeared, that, in all cases where this measure had been adopted, much be-

also, the Petition of certain of the Freemen, of the said Town and Borough, whole names are thereafter subscribed, having a right to vote at the election of Burgess.’S to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Town and Borough, beingalfoordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners and other parties, in both the said nefit had resulted to the parties, by expediting the business,-

Members being

and shortening in a great degree the time of taking the evidence, and thereby considerably lessening their expences.

Your Committee have thereupon come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all cases where any Select Committee appointed for the trial of a controverted election or return, or of any other matters relating thereto, has been or shall be attended by a person /killed in the art of writing Short Hand, the charge to be paid to such person shall be in the following manner; viz.

Two Guineas per day to every such person for his attendance at such Committee, and One Shilling per Sheet (containing seventy-two words in every sheet) for the transcript of the proceedings for the ufo of the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said expences be defrayed by the parties, and paid by them to the Clerk appointed to attend the Srled Commutes on Elections, who is to pay the same to the Persons employed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Berwick

Election

Petitions,

considerecL

cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Harwich into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the ui'ual manner.

And the name of Lord Viscount Dunlo being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Harwich election by the counsel for the Petitioner.

And the name of the Honourable S[ Andrew Sf John being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several other Members were draw#, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the petitioned again!!.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel

on the Harwich election; and the door being opened, the the said Charges shall be entered in the Table of Fees, and parties, their counsel, and agents withdrew. be due and payable as any other Fees are by the Orders of

the House; -and that the same shall be deemed to com-And the door being again locked; mence at the beginning of this Session of Parliament.

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-said Petitions, complaining of an undue election and re- sideration upon Monday next.

turn for Benvick-upon-'Tweed, was read. Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Mem-

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw by lot, out bers of the House. of the fame glaftes, the names remaining therein, in order

to form a second Committee according to the directions of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committed an ft of the 42c! year of His present Majesty, for the fur- ref0ive jtlelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^rJin7es,; ther regulation or the trials of controverted elections or the BiII to enable His Majesty togrant a certain Annuity to S"i! returns ot Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of the Honourable Charles Grey being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

And the name of Sir James S'. Clair , Baronet,

being drawn, lie was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of John Markham, Esquire, one of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, was drawn; and he being again sworn in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 3d day of this instant March, was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a deleft Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel on the Berwick election •, and the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents withdrew.

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, appointed to n en take into consideration so much of an Add, made in the 4id year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further regulation of the trials of contro-<( y*rted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Par-K ‘'ament, and for expediting the proceedings relating . thereto," as relates to the employment of Persons /killed to the art of writing Short Hand, to take the evidence ad-

i Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Annuity Bit Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- 1

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive she lame. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

f;

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, pursuant to Minutes of their Order, Minutes of the Proceedings of the Select Com- c°mniittee°

• . T j 14 a p

mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits Election, of the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complain- presented. ing of an undue election and return for the Borough of,

Reliefer, in the County of Somerset. , 1'

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table. ,:

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed for the Mem* ,

bers of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering Modbury and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the a 2d Road Bi"-

0 paf'cc'

year r

308

31° MartH.

A. 1803.

LomaM ,'atholics )aths Bill, a/ted.

year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the 21 ft year of thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening House; and he read the Report in his place; and after the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the North end of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

was read the third time. throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to An Act for continuing the , term, and altering and enlarg- by the House.

ing the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of grossed. the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, The counsel and agents in the case of the elec- Harwich

to the North end of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, tion being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-

Ordered, That Mr. Bajlarddo carry the Bill to the Lords, tend the said Committee delivered in to the House a re- appointed, and desire their concurrence. duced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- William Mitford, Esquire, Charles Chaplin, Esquire, the ing of the ingrossed Bill, to enable Roman Catholics, taking Marquis of Douglas, Sir Hugh Inglis, Baronet, the Honour-and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in an able John O'Neil, the Honourable John Scott, Thomas Aof the 31ft year of the reign of His present Ma- Everett, Esquire, Robert Holt Leigh, Esquire, the Honour-jesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon conditions and able Alexander Cochrane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, Ro-" under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from bert Fell owes, Esquire, Sir Robert Barclay, Baronet, the Right

honourable Thomas Grenville, Lord Viscount Dunlo, the Honourable S { Andrew S'. John.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining-

certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or " Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law fub-" jc<ft," to take the benefits given by an Act of the 18th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

Ki

r

t-i

Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects professing the of an undue election and return for Harwich, west sworn by

" Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities " imposed on them by an Act, made in the nth and 12th " years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the growth of Popery," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be* An Act to entitle Roman Catholics, taking and fjbfcribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the thirty-full: year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon conditions and under Re-* strictions, the Persons therein described from certain

the Clerk at the Table; in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents vithdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the triifls of controverted elections.

An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Aift, made in buSlin Road* the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, * p"uu*

" An Act for making, widening, and repairing, public " Hoads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing parts " of several Acts formerly made for that purpose," was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

r,

h

" Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the twenty-

" professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," to the benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-" lieving His Majesty’s Subjects professing the Popish " Religion, from certain Penalties and Diinbiiities imposed " on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth " years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing of Popery."

j 7 ri^i a. _ n/i ./L__________1*11__1 >,n , a d!

sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making, widening, and repairing, public " Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing parts " of several Acts formerly made for that purpose."

Ordered, That Mr. Newcomen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An inerossed Bill for altering and amend’ng the several PuMinRoyd

• c r , ,• I, , 0 , Can:il Com-

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Bill Laws now in force, for enabling the Royal Canal Company piny’s Bill,"

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. to complete a navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, passed.

on the River Shannon, was read the third time.

Tamworth Sir Edmund Crctdock Hartopp reported from the Com- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

la-Zouch^*1* mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and alter- An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now

Road* Bill, ing and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the in force, for enabling the Royal Canal Company to com-

Teported. 33d year Gf the reign Qf his late Majesty, and the 21ft year plete a navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the

of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widen- River Shannon.

Ordered, That Mr. Newcomen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open AMerbwy Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, committed.1 ’

ing, and keeping in repair, the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby-de la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from

Sawley Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate, at

or near the end of Szvar cliff Lane, to Aflibyde-la-Zouch

aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame within the Parish of Alderbury, in the County of Wilts, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through was read a second time.

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount they had directed him to report to the House; and he Mr. HuJJey, &c.: And they are to meet this

read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

gvoffed.

it. Giles's Burial

Ground Bill, reported.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That

Lord Wiliam RuJJ'ell reported from the Committee, to southwnrk whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering Raving Bill, more effectual, an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign rep° * * of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Mr. John Sice, junior, and Mr. Sharpe England, both of the Borough of

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That and found the same to be true; and that the Committee the Committee had cotifidered the said Petition; and had had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to

* be

*pj \1T IsU. Ill*

3 J ° Ma

be true; and that the Committee had gone through the County of Norfolk: And the tame was received •, and read Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they the firth time

had directed him to report to the Hou fc;and he read the Keport in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Refolded. That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Dickinsreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Rector, Vestrymen, and other Inha-

Sains Poor, Pc titK

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally bitants of the Parish of Saint , within the Liberty of report, put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Southwark

Jtoad Bill,

withdrawn, and another ordered.

Notice being taken. That the Bill for enlarging, explaining, amending, altering, continuing, and making more ef-

whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Vestrymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared _ to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

feftual, the several Acts, and the term. Tolls, Payments, and place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: powers, granted in and by three several Acts, passed in the Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

22d year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, in the 7th and 31ft, years of His present Majesty, for passed in the 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, ' making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the through the several places therein mentioned, and for laid Parish, was read :—And,

repairing the fame} and also, an Act, made in the 38th Mr. John Idefoti being examined, said. That no

year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road or power is given by the said Act to purchase or hire ground Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, whereon to erect a new Workhouse when the present one Bermondsey, was not properly prepared; which Bill was, should fall to decay, or be found insufficient.—And being upon Tuesday last, read the first time, and ordered to be further examined, he laid. That the number of Poor in the i;ead a second time j said Parish has, of late years, greatly increased, and the

Ordered, That the Order for the second reading of the present Workhouse is too small for their reception; and is said Bill be discharged. ' also in such a Rate of decay, and so burthensome to the

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn. Parish, in consequence of the necessary expence of keeping

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the it in proper repair, that, in the opinion of able and expe-4th day of this instant March, That leave be given to bring rienced Surveyors, the fame ought to be taken down, and in a Bill for enlarging, explaining, amending, altering, a new one built in its Head.—Then, continuing, ard making more effectual, the several Acts, Mr. 'Thomas Hardwick, a Surveyor, being examined, con-and the term. Tolls, Payments, and powers, granted in and firmed the Evidence of the last Witness, with respect to by three several Acts, passed in the 22d year of his late the present state of the Workhouse.—And,

Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th and 31ft Mr. ldefon being further examined, laid, That it would years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from tend to the health and accommodation of the Poor, if one New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several or more large and convenient house or houses were erected. Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame; and either contiguous to the spot on which the present Work-also, an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, house Hands, or in some other convenient situation in or for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, out of the said Parish; and if ground and buildings were

Southwark, to Dockhead, Bermondfe might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street,

purchased for better elsedting the purposes intended; or, if the present workhouse were enlarged and repaired, in such manner as may be found necessary.—And the Witness added. That it would tend to the advantage of the said Parish, if the said Act were altered and amended in several particulars.—Then,

Mr. William Young Knight being examined, said, That it

work, to Dockhead and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, would be of advantage to the said Parish, if an Act, parted

and from the Stones End in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street towards Waterings; and also, for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And that General Norton, Sir John Frederick, and Lord William Russell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of

Minutes on

Duafemilinc,

Election,

prefa&tttL

in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called " the Parish of James, within the Liberty of West-" min," were altered, and the powers thereof enlarged, in several respects.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for erecting a new Workhouse in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for amending and enlarging the powers of so much of an Act, passed in the 2d year The Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Poor on controverted elections, presented to the House, pursuant of the said Parish; and also, for amending an Act, parted to their Order, in the first year of the reign of King James the Second,

Extracts of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the intituled, "An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called Select Committee, who were appointed to try and deter- the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Weft* mine the merits of the Petition of the Honourable Captain " minster:" And that Mr. Dick ins and Mr.

Alexander Cochrane, of the Royal Navy; and also, of the prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, severally com-

The counsel and agents in the case of the Berwick elec- Berwick ‘ tion, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- comm^tee tend the said Committee delivered in to the House a re- appointed. ’ duced lift; to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Thomas Eftcourt, Esquire, the Honourable Archibald Ackefon, Lord George Thomas Beresford, the Honourable

plaining of an undue election and double return for the Class or Did;rift of Burghs, confiding of Dunfermline, -Imcrkeithing, Culrofs, and Queensferry, in Scotland, so »r as relates to James Trotter.

Ordered, That the said Extracts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Extracts be printed for the Members of the House.

*%tll

The said Exrafts are preserved amongst the other Henry LafceUes, William Odell, Esquire, the Lord Papers of this Session. John Esquire, Sir Robert Peel, Baronet,

anil

Buller, Esquire, John Calvert, Esquire, Sir Robert John

u Jacob Henry Act ley presented to the House, according Buxton, Baronet, Albemarle Bertie, Esquire, the Lord Ken-SmEiU’ r^er* a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fington, the Honourable Charles Grey, Sir James S1' Clair evcral Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pailure Erskine.

Grounds, and certain of the Commons and Waste Lands,

Within the Parishes of Whitwell and Hackford, in the

Vol. 58.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions, coriiplain-

4*

ing

310

31° Mart'll—1°

A. 1803.

ing of an undue election and return for Tweed, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted cledions.

Report from

Carmarthen

[Election

Committee,

ilbr leave to

adjourn.

Sir James Pulleney, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Richard ManfelPhilipps, a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Committee desired leave to adjourn from Tommorrow v until Monday Morning next, at Ten of the clock; such adjournment being at the request of the counsel for both parties, they being employed in making certain arrangements to facilitate the further progress of the business, in which, they state, that they are interrupted by the meeting of the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between H is Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to Compensation out of such Money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he, was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

I.'i

c

l-'i

Committee on Grenada, &c. Loan Bill*

Sarningham nclosure Bill, »rcfented.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several persons connected with, and trading to, the Blands of Grenada and Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, called The Cozv Close, in the Township of Barningham, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

'ommli tec on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to xchequer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans of Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Veneris, 1° die;

Anno 430 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1803.

Hills Bill.

Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the term, and altering the Whiteparish powers, of two Atfts, made in the 29th year of the Ro-«l*Bill, reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in comm‘tted-the 22d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of Whi'eparish, in the County of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to H in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. HamlynWilliams reported from the Committee, to Carmarthen

whom the Bill for making, amending, altering, widening, J^ted. improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the North or North-weft end of a certain Street called LowerWater Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of ConzvillElv\, in the Parish of Conzvill and through the Village of Velindre Shin the Parish of

Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle in the Parish of

Cjnarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-g rolled.

’ fpmber

’ Uled to bring

Ordered, That Air. Alexander be added to the Gentle-

Alr. George Vanjittart presented to the House, according Harwell J:! innkeepers mcn> who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and r "* t> . r o 1 .-n.1 1 . r keeping in repair, the Road leading from the London p

for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-i keepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

•iapresented. Mr Alexanderpresented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the lirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

ommittee Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to: '.nnmii'ion-' ref°lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

s Bill. I

Turnpike Road near the South or upper end of Harzvell Town, in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of in the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Biewbeny whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Aleadows, Common

determined by

1

ers

he

>e-

he

T>

43 Geo.

1° A pril

311

mon Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and by virtue of the said Act; without any Amendment:

Waste Ground, in Blewberry, in the County of Berks, was And also,

committed; That the Committee had examined, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Toiierton found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- ut 0 ure' Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that mon Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, and also to the

changing one of the Commissioners therein named, to the,

satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of House, That the Lords do request that this House will be io acres 36 perches and 6 cow commons, who refuled to pleated to communicate to their Lord Hi ips a copy of the Petition of

T.-r-

I.. t'S,

lign the Bill j and also, the Proprietors of 49 acres 2 roods 26 perches and x5 cow commons, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 3,583 acres 3 roods 33 perches; and there are, in the whole, 250 cow commons; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report made from the Committee, appointed by this House, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Somerset, names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the WiJts, Woollen Trade and Manufactories within the Counties of

Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester, was referred.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the last part of the said Message into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords.

And then they again withdrew.

Copy Tent to the Lords.

Cinanron

RoiH* Bill, reported,

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Bedford Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and s>&c< Sir Robert Williams reported from the Committee, to improving the Market-places within the Town of Bedford, printed, whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and in the County of Bedford, and making proper avenues keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of thereto; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watch-PorthdirMaen, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place . ing, watering, and improving, the highways, streets, squares, called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan- and other public passages and places, within the said Town -y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of of Bedford, and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and

obstructions therein; and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River in the said Town of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

r-fJi

Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyftymdwy,

and from a place called Cerrig-y-Rhvjydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglajlyn, in the said Counties, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

be true; and that the Committee had gone through the _ a

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they in the 31ft and 36th years of the reign of His present Ma- Leominster had directed him to report to the House; and he read the jesty, for making and maintaining the Leominster Canal, Canal Bill. Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a said Canal to raise money to discharge their debts, and to second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve- complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are, there- Petition of unto subscribed, being; Creditors under two A efts, passed Creditors,

0 - - r against

rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grossed.

in-

kave granted for Notices

tfpecting fttfton and trailer

Rnad.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prefon to Lane after, and from thence to a place

laid Acts, and for granting to the said Company further and other powers; and letting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, the interests of the Petitioners will be materially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as are injurious to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their

called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their

f‘ krds

JftJ2re«l to

and Westmorland, was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given at the next Rafter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Lancaster, and also three times in the present month of April, in feme one newspaper published in the said County, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Popham:

feifkton

Hof

fii%e

Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

• The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in the County of [o alter and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year ’ n" <v 7 '

of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields,

" Common Meadows, Commons, and Waftq Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford,"

Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill to provide a new Burial Ground, and St. Giles’* erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles-in- Burial the-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read the third plxred!d time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Henry presented to the House, according Middleton

... j, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure Bill,

and to give powers for the making and completing of cer- Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Com- presented‘ toin Roads set out by the Commissioners acting under and mons, and Waste Lands, within the Township of VoL, 58.

312

1° A prills.

A,

dleton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for keeping in repair, the Roads from to

Beamish iclosure Bill, relented.

making a compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the Ancient inclosed Lands in Middleton aforesaid: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

■ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read asecond time.

Mr. Bur donpresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other Waile Lands, situate within the Manor of Beami/h, otherwise Beamish Park, in the Parish of

le-Street, and 'County of Durham: And the fame was received-, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lon-r Preston ^oa'i* Hill, •omimtted*

Petition

rel'pecting Notices for Whitechapel Road.

la-Zouch, in the County of Leiccj, and from Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of SwarcUjfe Lane, to Ashby-de-Ia-Zouch aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Sfndand whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true -, and

Ripley

Inclosure Bill, reported.

A Bill for amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and

Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the Parish of Whalley,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gif- that the parties concerned had given their consent to the burn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Proprietors of land assessed to the Land Tax at £.i€>. is. 6 Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Pro-the said County of York, was read a second time. prietors assessed at £. i x. 4 who were neuter in respect

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black- to the said Bill; and that the whole of the property be*. burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, See.:And they are to longing to persons interested in the said Bill is assessed to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s the Land Tax at £.428. 11 s. yd.; and that no person

Chamber.

appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Act herein after mentioned, was pretinted to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 8th day of March last, notices have been given that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending grafted, and keeping in repair the Road from Whitechapel Church,

in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and other places Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Ravensborne

therein mentioned, in such and the like manner as notices Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River

are required by the Standing Orders of the House to be venfborne, at or near its mouth or outlet into the River

given relative to Turnpike Bills; And therefore praying, Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and main-

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing taining proper approaches thereto: And the lame was re-

the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of the ceived; and read the first time.

said Act. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it llxall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bullock, &c.:

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, GofweHStreeB a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging panted* the powers of two Acts, passed in the lft and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the North-east side of the

t°o Gofwdl &V Road, in the County of

the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber lend for persons, papers, and records.

j Tam worth j and Ashby-de-la-Zouch | Ronds Bill,

- passed.

dlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the fields and grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog House Bar, and at and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

__________ ... _ Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom the Saint Pancras

de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Saw/ey Bill for providing ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for Ferry, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of the end of Swarcliffe Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid, Middlesex; for raising money for that purpose; for the was read the third time. better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to better relief, government, and employment of the Poor

of the said Parish, and for other purposes, was committed;

liofe

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the 21ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby-

the Bill; Pr. 6.

viz

1. 30.

After " taken" to insert " which said " Tolls shall be, and the same are " hereby vested in the said Trustees, " and shall be collected and recovered '* in the same manner, and with such " remedies for non-payment or evasion " thereof, as are contained in the said " recited Acts."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for attending, widening, and

and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, vvi names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Householders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petition, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,.in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout.

A motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendment? be npw read a second time;

The

Olij

XXft!

CUd.

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

C I

Tellers for the Yeas, < j Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. B

X

s

X

85.

t:

y-c 2-c

h*r

repo"ai

Okehampton

Election,

determined.

Mr. Dent

Sir Francis Bnrdett,

Mr. Hurst:$ 4°‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. "

The laid Amendments were accordingly read a second "

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put " thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amend- " ment was made, by the House, to the Bill. "

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- " grossed. ' "

Mr. Bankes, from the Selecft Committee appointed to "

try and determine the merits of the Petition of Peter Isaac ThelluJJon and George Woodford Theilufjon; and also, of the "

Petition of several Electors of the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Scledl Committee have determined.

That Henry Hot'laud, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess the House, in relation to the Report from the Select Com-to lerve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough; mittee who were appointed to try and determine the merits And also, That James Strange, Esquire, is duly elected of the; Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, complaining a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said of an undue election and return for the Borough of New

the Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and Burgesses of the said Borough^ in the said full Court assembled, the right of such persons to be admitted to their freedom, and which, by the aforesaid constitution, he ought to have done."

" That the said John Simpson, at and during the election did ad partially in the execution of his office as Returning Officer, and did at the poll partially and unlawfully " reject the votes tendered by several persons having a " right to vote at the said election, which votes he the said " John Simpson ought to'have received; and also did at " the said poll partially and unlawfully receive and admit " the votes of several persons who had no right to vote " at the said election, which votes he the said John Simpson " ought, as Returning Officer, to have rejected."

" Resolved, That the evidence adduced before this " Committee be laid before the House for its considera-" tion."

The House was moved, That the several entries in the Journal of the House, of the 17th day of December 1770, and the 29th day of January 1771, of the proceedings of

Borough:

And also, That neither of the Petitions referred to the said Committee, appeared to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Further

consideration of Report on

Woollen Ma-

nufaftuners

Petition,

deferred.

for taking into

Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Charge contained in the first of the said Resolutions, against John Simpson, Esquire, the Mayor Returning

and Returning Officer of the said Borough, be heard at the 10,icfr’ to.l;

r 1 r 1 r lit.aiu at the

mr 01 this House.

Resolved, That the said Charge be heard, at the Bar of

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, further consideration the Report which was made from the this House, upon Tuesday, the 19th. day of this instant Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, April.

Bar..

Account of Value of Imports, ordered.

Special Report Great Orimfbjr Election Committee, farther ‘Mdidered,

pt£‘

whose names are thereunto fubforibed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and Manufactories within the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester, was referred, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the value of all Imports into Great Britain for eighteen years, ending January 5th 1803, exclusive of Corn and other Grain, and exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and China-, together with the difference between the official value and the declared value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, for as many years of the fame period as such an Account can be made out.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into for ther consideration the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Mellish, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great Grhvfby, in the County of Lincoln.

And the lidolutions of the Committee were again read; and are as followed]; viis.

1 ed, That it appears to this Committee, That

Ordered, That the said John Simpson, Esquire, do attend this House upon the said 19th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That a copy of the said Charge be sent to the said John Simpson, Esquire; and that he be at liberty to be heard, by his counsel.

Ordered, That William Reader, Esquire, Barrister at Law, Joshua Plajket, Richard Nicholson,. James Mr. Al-

derman Lttfby, and Joseph Kitchen, do attend this House upon the said 19th day of this instant April, to be examined touching the said Charge.

■ I

In/iniflion t Committee o Civil Lilt \

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 2 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the debt con- Revenue. " traded upon His Civil List Revenues; and forprevent-" ing the lame from being in arrear for the future, by re-" gulating the mode of payments out of the said Revenues,

" and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein " mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of " the Civil List," might be read. K

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, that they do consider of so much of the said Ad as relates to the establish-Johu Simpson, Esquire, the Mayor, and Returning Of- ment of an invariable order in the payment of Salaries, and

* ficer of the Borough of Great Grimsby, did, on the day other charges, on the Civil List, and of the plan of the

• previous to the said election, hold a full Court of Mayor establishments and payments of the Civil List Revenues in ‘ Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and Burgesses of the dalles.

1 said Borough; at which Court the said John Simpson did unlawfully, and of his own authority, admit certain Persons to the freedom of the said Borough to whom ob-jedions were stated, and did refuse to submit to the con-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee 01 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to American consider further, of the Bill for appointing Commissioners erTBiii'0'1' sideration and judgment of the Aldermen, Common for distributing the money stipulated to be paid by the Councilmen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough, affem- United States of America, under the Convention made be-hled at the said full. Court, the right of such persons to tween His Majesty and the said United States, among the be admitted to their freedom, which, by the constitu- persons having claims to Compensation out of such money,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

" tion of the Borough, as determined by a Resolution of " a Committee of the House of Commons, reported to " this House on the nth day of April 1793, he ought to " have done; and that the said John Simpson did also par-" tially, unlawfully, and of his own authority, refuse to " admit certain persons, who claimed at the said full Court to be admitted Freemen of the said Borough, to

" their freedom therein, and did also refuse to submit to had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Vot. 38. ' 4 L thereunto;

314

1" Jprilis.

A. 1803.

ition of \ O'Hara, unit Irish mrts Bill.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when, the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Petition of Robert O'Hara, of the City of Esquire, Pursuivant of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was presented to the Koufe, and read; taking notice of the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s

might have rendered it unnecessary for him to make an application to the humanity, and to the justice of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer in Ireland, more beneficial and effectual in personal Ac- Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hun-tions; and setting forth. That in 1781, the Petitioner dred and three, was committed, the Amendments which was, by His Majesty’s Letters Patent under the Great Seal the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had of Ireland, appointed Pursuivant of the said Court of Ex- directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rechequer, and has everfince, and now enjoys, the said Office, port in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with and executes the fame by himself and his Deputy; and the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the that he will suffer a considerable diminution of the fees Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fe-and profits of the said Office, if the said Bill should pats cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally into a Law: And therefore praying the House to provide put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. for him such compensation as shall appear just on account Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in

"G:

if

r:

1:1

V

.V.,

of the diminution of his said fees and profits.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th

.cb relating t to the

ebnd, eto be years of the reign of His present Majesty; and also, several Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en-

Widereil. *■ <"L- •1 "- - - - c- > 1 ' 1 - - ' 1 ' - -’ 1 r -' - - r ‘ r 1

grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr . Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the G-enuds, &c.

Acts, made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in larging the period for the payment of part of certain sums the 41ft and 42d years of the reign of His present Majesty, of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons con-relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, might be nedted with, and trading to, the Llands of Grenada and read. was committed, the Amendments which the

And the same being read accordingly; Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

Rejclved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- directed him to report to the House; and he read the . solve ltlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

’etition of hlr. Martin |an American oyalilt) Lpoited.

fider of the said Acts.

Mr. Tierney reported from the Committee, to whom the ■’Petition of George Martin the younger, of Lincoln's-Inn, Barrister at Lav/, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s L’able: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply^ solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- c e

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that a regular claim was put in and prosecuted before the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lofifes and Services of the American Loyalists,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

on behalf of the Petitioner, and others of his Family, inte- fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply rested in certain estates situate in the Province of Virginia granted to His Majesty;

in America, and which had been confiscated and fold on account of the adherence of the Family of the Petitioner to the cause of Great Britain.

And that the Petitioner having been examined before the said Commissioners, his vouchers were admitted, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the sirjame^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- Annuity Bill, his loss of property, after thorough investigation, was al- able His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Ad- reported, lowed, and included in the Statement presented by them miral Sir fames Saumarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Most to the House in April 1790, intituled, " A Statement of honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the emi-" the Claims examined, and Losses allowed, by the Com- nent services which he has performed on various occasions,

" missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Ser- was committed, the Amendments which the Committee " vices of the American Loyalists, up to the 25 th of March had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to " 1790, and of the sums which have been already granted report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

" on account thereof, and of what remains for confident-" tion of Parliament."

And that the amount of loss allowed by the said Commissioners to the Petitioner, Mr. George Martin, junior, and included in their Statement aforesaid, was £. 6,615. which was finally examined and allowed on the 21st of July 1786; and of which no part has since been paid, or any interest thereon.

And Your Committee further report, That the said Com- Monday next missioners, in their said Statement, refer the loss, so examined and allowed, to the consideration of Parliament, as being one of two special cases " of persons who appear to " have relief provided for them by the Treaty of Peace,

" but {fate the utter impossibility of procuring it."

And it appeared to Your Committee, by satisfactory evidence, that all attempts on the part of the Petitioner to obtain compensation in America, have been without effect; and that no exertions in his power to make, have been omitted, to procure such redress from the United States as 5

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

in

once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid lnn^ePer* to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was, committed, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

Goc [e

+XkJ UiSU. 111.

r.CWxr

1.....-4° jipvilis. 315

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the

Salt exported, General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the VII-jdinte. was caned in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, lage of in the Parish of Conwiit and

pursuant to their Order, through the Village in the Parish of

An Account of all Rock Salt and White Salt exported to the Town of Newcastle in the Parish of

from Great Britain, in three years ending 5th January 1793, Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmar-and three years ending 5th January 1803; distinguishing then, was read the third time.

each year; and distinguishing the several Countries to which exported.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Worsley, Clerk to

LwdoiiFlouf

Company,

presented.

Refohcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the North or North-weft end of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conzvill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of VelindreShinkin, in the Parish of Penboir, to the

Town of Newcastle Emlyn, in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Air. Hamlyn Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

jr,d

lift

bjf!

-•ij'T:

the London Company for the manufacture of Hour, Meal, and Bread, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, < An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering

N° 1. An Account of the Receipt and Application of and enlarging the powers of two several Acts, the one made Roid b"i, all Monies received and applied by the London Company, and passed in the 3d year of the reign of His present Majesty, paill-d. from the ill lay of January to the 31ft day of December intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping 1802, inclusive; and of the Debts and Credits of the said Company on the said 31ft day of December: And al so,

N° 2. An Account of the quantities of Wheat and Flour bougiit by the London Company on each day when purchases were made, and of the Prices p.fid for the fame, from the ill day of January to the 3 tft day of December 1802, inclusive; shewing also, the quantities inStore, both of Grain and of Flour and Meal, on the Jail day of each month in the year 1802, and the quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the Company in And also,

iV 3. A Lift of the Proprietors of the London Coming, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the pany; shewing alfthe number fS’; ires of {£. 25.) held laid County; for discharging the Trustees from the care

widening,

in repair, the high Road, leading from the fourteenth: mile stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the county of ; Carmarthen, through to in

the Parish of L/andilovur, and from thence by C/ed-fulch, and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of L!and 1:0-vaur, and from the said Town along the Poll Road by Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Clears, to Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the County of Pembroke"the other made and passed in the 24th year the said year: of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the

term and powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amend-

by each on the 31 ft day of December 1802.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Alonday Alorning next. Ten of the clock.

tiU Grlnlisad

Election,

determined.

and management of certain parts of the said Roads, and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping " in repair, the high Road leading from the fourteenth

= '■ ----- --- - ----- " mile stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of

* Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in r,. , i° /; " the Parish of and from thence by

* *" and over Duless Bridge, to the Town and

Anno 430 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1803. " from the said Town along the Poll Road by Rhiwyradar,

" through the County of the Borough Carmarthen, and-Prayers. Village of Saint Clears, to in the Parish of

MR. John Campbell, from the Select Committee ap- " Kijfig, at the borders of the County of ;" the

pointed to try and determine the merits of the Peti- other, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of the

tion of John Frojl, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Town keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said and Borough o f East Grirjlead, in the County of Sttssex, fe- County; for discharging the Trustees from the'care and

verally complaining of an undue election and return for management of certain parts of the said Roads, and for the said Town and Borough, informed the House,

Fhat the said Committee have determined,

That Sir Henry Strachey, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough:

And'also, that the said Committee have determined. That j Daniel Giles, Efeuire, is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petitions appeared to the said Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

making, amending; altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamlyn Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in feve- Blewberry ralty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, In^l°(urcBiJ Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands e and Waste Ground, in Blewberry, in the County of Berks, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An A<fl for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable

Downs, and other Commonable Lands and An ingossed Bill for making, amending, altering, widen- Waste Ground, in Blewberry, in the County of Berks. ing, improving, and keeping in repair,. the Road leading Ordered, That Mr. George Fvifittart do carry the Bill to from the North or North-welt end of a certain Street called the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vol. fg. Mr.

316

4° Apri.

A. 1803. I

outhampton Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the VBinrW°rkS Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in eport’ed, . the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public' Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments. were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofied.

Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of and from a place called Cerrig-y-Rhivydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River in the said Counties, was read she third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of,

in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyjlymdzvy, and from a place called Cerrig-y-Rhivydwr, to or near. to Capel

Cerrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River in the said Counties.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the county of : And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir David Carnegie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Most noble John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Lay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of communication thereunto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Mr. Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to •eported and w^om the ingr°fl"ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act gaffed. * to enable William Robertson, Esquire, of to exchange the Lands of Bandeath, Hillhouse Field, and Kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid-Lothian, and East Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations, contained in a disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather, for the Lands of Ramrigand Greenftde, belonging to him > in fee-simple, and lying in the County of Berwick, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of t.he Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed | to the fame, without any Amendment.

il

jueftion Neg. A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners ip a PenUon and Occupiers of Lands in the County of re-

• again (I lating to the Bill for enlarging and altering the powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the 24th and . * 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th, 25th,

; 29th, and 38th years of ilis present Majesty’s reign, for re-

pairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Dagenham Church Bill, sreiented.

DunkcM Sridge* Bill, •eporred.

fcobertfon’» £state Bill,

Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, accord- Milton F.r-tfs ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open prunedBl"’ and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Weft Rafen Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the reported^Bul’ Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weft RaJ'en, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Home, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc there- petitions of unto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton M:* Cotton Goods in the Town and neighbourhood of Man- ^nciiefter ° chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also, and Bolton.

A Petition of the several Pe rfons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the application for leave to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England:And piaying, That such Bill may pass

into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in the Counties of Chester, York, Lane after, and Derby, is referred; and they are to examine the matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

U

il

t:i

ii

ii

:L j

L

'f

LII

I? 1

k

Ci;i

fc

A;

fi

•If

!amarvon ’.ends Bill, awtti.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, improving,

and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Lan-y-Craig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of 7

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Bill to repeal Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the ^er* mi 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Paving Att, " An Act for building a Pier at in the Isle of

" Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing,

" and

Goc [e

•I

/1

43 Geo. III.

4° Aprilis.

317

iflr?-.

" and recovering, certain Duties for the supporting, main- powers of several Acts, for making a Road from Street, u taining, and keeping in repair, the said Pier; for paving, to the places therein mentioned, and from Free-

" repairing, cleaning, lighting, watching, watering, and im- school , , to Dockhead and LiUiput Hall

" proving, the highways, streets, lanes, and other public paf- Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent " lages and places, within that part of the Parish of Minster, , to Dartford, so far 'as respects the Road -<£ in the said Isle of (which lieth near His Majesty’s leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street towards *e Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness)called Blue TownandSaint Themas-a-Waterings; and also, for repairing and main-

" Mile Town;and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and taining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of " obit ructions therein, as authorizes the Commissioners, in the County of Surrey: And the lame was

or any person or persons therein named, to tike or carry ' ‘ '

away any gravel, stones, ballast, sand, or other materials,

from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alfton, Lord of

the Manor of Minster, in the We of SJ/eppy, in the County

received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a d time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the

Committee, to *e‘hX Br

9 Petition,

of Kent, within or near the limits to which the regulations whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of reported.

Croydon,&c,

Jbilny Bill,

rtportei

of the said Act extend, without paying any thing for the fame: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lord William Rufj'ell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway

Bridge was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

or from near a place called Pit lake Meadow, in the Town of in his P,ace > and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the with a collateral branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merjlkam, to or near to a place called Godjione Green, in the Parish of all

in the said County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Peter Lord Gwydir, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Subscribers to a fund for ascertaining the practicabi

Table: Where the lame was read; and is as h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31 ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Ihore in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County, was read -And,

Mr. Richard Swallow being examined, said. That the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have caused to be made and built the said Bridge, and the other works thereby directed to be done and executed, and have therein expended not only

allb, the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands, or Inhabitants, within the Town and Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey', and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto

lity of forming a Canal Navigation from London to Ports the whole of the money they were authorized to raise, but mouth ■, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit names are thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves and , . said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said others, Subscribers to a fund for ascertaining the practica- Bridge and Works supported and maintained, unless the bility of forming a Canal from London to Portsmouth; and TolJs the said authorized to be taken and received

- -- - be repealed, and other additional Tolls granted instead

thereof.—And he added. That the powers and provisions of the said Ad are in some respects defective, and it is requi-lite that the fame should be altered and amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, subscribed,^ OwnercTnd OccupieJof House7Inrilnds'; and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31ft year situate in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, of the reign of His present Majesty, for bmlding a Bridge upon and adjoining to the line of the proposed Rail- over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the way from Croydon aforesaid to Reigate and Godstone, in the County of York, to the opposite Ihore in the Parish of laid County j and also, the Petition of the several Persons, Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County: whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wtlberforce, do preputting in execution an Act, made in the 42d year of the Pare» a* bnng in, the fame.

- A BilHbr dividing, aiding, and indoiing, a certain

in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Rigkgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

Stinted Pasture, called The Cow Close, in the Township of Barningham, in the North Riding of the County of Turk, ';

was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

_ . ,. , rr r . ' A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Worksop

irested him to report to^ the House; together with a open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other InclosureBil

~:r(onswho haveafiented.dll- _ j _ t j r*____committed.:

Lift of the names of the Persons who have alTented, differed, or declared themselves neuter, in relpetft to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Proprietors of the Railway shall not be liable to pay Toll for Horles or Carriages crolfing the Road.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time.

RefohedThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William Cavendish Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A

Southwark R,»<1 Bill,

P-nuttA

Mr. Burland presented to the House, according to chickeriii Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the InclosureBil Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Com- pre ent monable Lands and Places, within that part of the Parish - of Chickeriii, otherwise Wef Chickeriii, which lies within the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Tything of Weft Chickeriii, in the County of Dorset: And made part of the Bill. {be lame was received; and read the first time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Refoh, That the Bill be read a second time, grossed. J ...

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Whitweii an Lord William RufeU pvefented to the House, according Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, £$£Bil to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the term and and certain, of the Commons and Waste Lands, within the committed. , Vol.58. 4M Parishes

318

4° Aprilis.

A 1803.

’etition of nhaVjtimts, Saint 1 mcras Poor Bill.

T

1

it

Parishes of lVhilwell and Hackford, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert loives, Mr. Smith of Norwich, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at F.ve of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalt of themselves and others, House -holders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint in

the County of Micld/efex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for providing ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the use of the Parish of Saint Patterns, in the County of Middlesex; for railing Money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the better relief, government, and employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other purposes; and letting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will prove highly injurious to the property and interests of the Petitioners and other Householders and Inhabitants of the said Parish, in many respects, and particularly as it would entirely subvert the ancient and long approved mode of supporting, maintaining, and regulating, the Poor of the said Parish under the existing Laws, and transfer the exclusive care and management of the said Poor to a newly constituted and select body of the Parishioners, under the name of Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " Table" to the end of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } j8-

Tellers for the Noes, . } . *4-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon Wednesday next." And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time. The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 2. 1. 33. by insertingafter the words" together " with," the name of " ’Thomas;"

And the Question being put, That the name of " Thomas " Wilkinson' be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 4.1. ult. by inserting after the word " meeting," the words, " of the said Parishioners."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \s’'fZ^BurJcu, I 3’J'

Tellers for the Noes, } ?2-

So,it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 8. 1. 2. by inserting after the word " malice," the words " and that I am duly qualified for the said office of Guardian, in the manner and according to the terms h

" expressed in the said Act."

And the Question being put, That those words be there y

inserted; 1

It passed in the Negative. li

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the !1

Bill, in Pr. 23.1. penult, by inserting after the word " Act,"

the words, " and shall not in any year exceed the sum which ’

" has been assessed in the said Parish on an average of the . '!

" last twelve years, for the relief of the Poor."

And the Question being put, That those words be there 1 ’

inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 60. 1. 9. by inserting after the word " state- ‘I

" ments," the words, " and all Vouchers relating thereto."

And the Question being put. That those words be there !i

inserted;

It passed in the Negative. ':

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the:

Bill, by adding at the end thereof, the words, " Provided x.

" always, that this act may be varied or repealed by any " Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament."

And the Question being put, that those words be there

added;

It passed in the Negative. ft

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Bill, pa(r«t.

An Act for providing ground, and erecting a Workhouse, L

for the use of the Parish of Saint Pancra, in the County of Middlesex; for raffing money for that purpose; for the j

better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; for the ]

better relief, government, and employment of the Poor of j

the said Parish; and for other purposes. -

Ordered, That Mr. By tig do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. , f

Resolved, That James Trotter, now in the custody of the Jame* Trotter Searjeant at Arms attending this House, hiving been duly summoned by the Speaker’s warrant, and also by an order, of Privilege? ' signed by the Chairman of the Select Committee on the Dunfermline, &c. election, to attend to give evidence before the said Committee, and having disobeyed such ’

warrant and order, by not appearing in pursuance thereof, has been guilty of a breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said James Trotter Committed to j be, for his laid offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol New£:ite‘ of Newgate. f

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants ac- y

cordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeon resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^heVcve^ fider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland weal in the 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th years of the reign of His Ireland' present Majesty; and also, several Acts made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42d years

\ of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Trade and Revenues of Ireland, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That several other Acts, made in i*ftvuctto»« the Parliament of Ireland in the 13th and 14th, and in the 36th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue, Fisheries, and Trade of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do consider of the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords Simeon: v

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act QeI^Jr0f for establishing certain Regulations in theoffice-of Surveyor Regu- \

General lation Bill-

________

ItEO.

4° A prills.

319

Gfeealancj Fiibciy Bill.

Bill to con-

211 Amend Dent.

plication to the House before the time limited for receiving private Petitions had elapsed: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the above purpose.

Ordered, That, in confederation of the particular circum- Leaver fiances let forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Petition

•General of His Majesty's Woods, Forcfls, Parks, and Chaces; without any Amendment: And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for the present /cafon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act riweAft for to continue, until the eighth day of July one thousand

toirituaf eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-fe- Hospital for the relief of poor Lying-in Women in the PreieMe Mons, with cond year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled. City of being offered to be presented to the

" An Act to continue, until the eighth day of April one House;

" thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in Mr. Corry (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the " the last Session of Parliament, for flaying proceedings House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the " in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the con-" for abridging Spiritual Persons from having pluralities sideration of the House.

" of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay pro- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; con-*c ceedings in Actions under an Act of the thirteenth year taining the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition;

" of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and and praying for relief.

other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure;" with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sr James

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-iT^rii ing of foe ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Bear Admiral Sir James Saumarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Moil honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, Nemine Contra die ente. That the Bill do pals: And

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Governors and rnesses of the Fe- Petition k male Orphan Houseon the Circular Road near Dublin, be- t

ing offered to be presented to the House; Female Or-

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have already made application to the House for assistance, to enable them to maintain 105 Children, now under their care, for the present year; and that the buildings at presenterested

that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant and furnished are capable of containing 160 Children; a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez, and it would tend more effectually to carry into execution Baronet, and Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the the laudable purposes of the Institution, if they were en-

Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Exchequer Bills Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

abled to maintain and support a greater number than 105 Children: And therefore praying for further assistance.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

EiKmate* j

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a further -—’ '

Estimate of the Expence of the Female Orphan House,

ing of the ingrossed Bill, for raising the lum of Four Mil- Dublin, for one year, from the 5th January 1803 to the 5th m Dublin/ ! lions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the January 1804, for the support of One hundred and forty 1

year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read. Children.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a further Aflbdarion

The said Bill was read the third time. Estimate of Expences by the Afibciation in Dublin for dif- diicouny

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, countenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the nancil'S v,te An Act for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Christian Religion, from 5th January 1803 to 5th Janu-Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand ary 1804.

Petition for bvc to

eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Governors and

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Grenada, &,v ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain sums of money advanced

1 Petition Guardians of the Hospital for the relief of poor Lying-in by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and for belief of Women in the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was

committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

hin/in"1 anc^read 5 setting forth, That the said Institution is the HoIpU only establishment of the kind in Ireland; that the number of Patients relieved has progrefllvely increased from 455. io the year 1758; that the present extensiveness of the aid it affords may be judged of from the number of inmates during the course of the last year, which was

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Report 19954 that the applicants this year are likely to rife to to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and Expiring La-* a much greater number, as, from the 5th of January to to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, the 5th of February last, there have been 194 admissions; which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made and that the present certain Income, arising from rents perpetual; That the Committee had made a further in-and interest, amounts to £ -564. igs. 6d. and from in- quiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had di-dividual contributions to £.162, 10s.> while, supposing rested him to report to the House; and he read the Re-the number of Patients this year to be only as great as it port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's was last year, and estimating the whole expence of the Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was Institution at the fame average of 30 s. per head, the sum read; and is as followed); viz.

requisite for the expenditure of the current year will be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That £ 3,000; and that the Petitioners therefore find them- so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign selves absolutely unable to go on, having, at the moment of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving, of drawing up this Petition, a balance in the Bank of only " continuing until the twentieth day of May one thou-£•9*19s.$\d. with the distressing prolpeft before them " sand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act,

' ' ’ - ‘ " made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the

" reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to -" peal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by " an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present

of repelling those pitiable objects to whom hitherto they gave uniform refuge; and that a sufficient number of Governors of the said Hospital could not be obtained to form a Court, so as to enable the Petitioners to make ap-

Vol.

320

4°—5° Aprilis. A. 1803.

" Alajefix's reign, for allowing Plantation Sugar to be " warehoused; for reviving so much of an made in the " thirty-second year of the reign of His present , as

" kites to the ascertaining the average price of Sugar, and re-" gulating the allowance of Drawback on the Exportation there-

" of', and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported " until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and " one," as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, which has been continued by an Act of the last Session of Parliament until the 20th day of May 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

ft i mates relented:

emale Or-11an House 1 Dublin*

iftociation >r discounte-ancing Vice.

.Appendix,

(No. 41.)

Mr. Carry presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A further Estimate of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, for one year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804, for the support of One hundred and forty Children: And also,

A further Estimate of the Expence of the Society for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the Christian Religion in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

pensation out of such money, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:'

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, |uj?piy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deerred* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways3nd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^g"8^ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve innkeepers itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ®,u» drferred» Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mart is, 5° die Aprilis;

Coroners Bill, leferred.

Tifh Courts

I Bill’

lefcrrcJ.

I?

jReport ! elative to >hort-hand . Nriters at ♦Je&ion Jommittees, ‘urther ;oniidered.

American ^ommission-;rs Bill, eported.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their expences, in the due execution of their office;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 21ft and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for trials by Nisi Pritts, in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the " process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into consideration so much of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the further regulation of the trials of controverted " elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, " and for expediting the proceedings relating thereto," as relates to the employment of Persons skilled in the art of writing Short Hand, to take the evidence adduced before the Select Committees for trial of controverted elections: and to consider of the expence occasioned thereby, and how it should be paid; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put upon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for distributing the money fti-pulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having claims to Com-1

Anno 430 Georgii IHtU Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whole names petition of are thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Occu- Land owners, piers of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Frox-field, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the Inclosure Bill. House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Waste, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton; and setting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the property of the Petitioners will be greatly and materially injured: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves, their agents, or counsel, against the lame, or such parts of the fame, as may affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Christ Church whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Church Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons, whose Sported, names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Chrifi Church, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Robinson, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Parish Church of the said Parish has, from length of time, become very much out of repair, and is now in a very ruinous and dangerous state; that the population of the said Parish has of late increased in so great a degree, that the said Church is not large enough to contain such of the Inhabitants as are desirous of attending public worship

therein,

5* Aprilis,

321

end

mini!

ans

erreJ.

tan,

•±0 UJSUt llli

therein; and it is necessary that the said Church (except Heath ,within the Tything of in the Parish of

the tower thereof) should be taken down and rebuilt, Chipping Lamborne aforesaid, was committed; That the and the Burial Ground of the said Parish enlarged; that Committee had examined, and found that the Standing the expence of taking down the present Church, and re- Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had building the fame upon an enlarged scale, has been efti- been complied with; and that the Committee had examined mated at the lum of £. 10,444; and, in order to enable the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; the Parishioners to defray such expences, as also the expence and that the parties concerned had given their consent to of enlarging the Burial Ground, and of purebafing ground the Bill, to the satisfadHon of the Committee (except the

Owners of Land of the annual value of I2S-

refused to sign the Bili; and also, except the Owners of Land of the annual value of £. 13. who were neuter; and that the whole of the Land entitled to right of common is of the annual value of 1,836. 16. and that no person

and houses necclTury for such purpose in the way least burthensome to them, it is expedient that they should be authorized to raise, by annuities or otherwise, a l'ufiicient sum of money for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

taking down and re-building the Pari Hi Church of Christ appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and Church, in the County of Surrey (except the tower thereof) that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made and for enlarging the Burial Ground belonging thereto: several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Russell do him to report to the House; and he read the Report in prepare, and bring in, the lame. his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-Sfndud' An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ments were once read throughout; and then asecond time, (nre Bi]|Incl°" she Open Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, , one by one; and, upon, the Question severally put there-pded. ’ and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the grafted.

Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

1

■JOkC

!-<

r;{

County of Surrey, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open'

Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send, and Ripley, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turn-Lords, and desire their concurrence. pike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County,

was read a second time.

Coker'sEfate Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Spa'iD"1*’ ^-e ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vansittart, Mr. Dundas of Berkjldre, &c.: And they are to

• - /l. . ui. £* J. t. 1 1 /l. ... i. A. A /* i.L 1 A -J . - M 1>1. A .1 m ». % A L i. A /a M M A At 17« f A i At a A 1 A A If m M C? Wv a a Iv A»a^A

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping Harwell R in repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, near the South or upper end of Town, in

vesting part of the Ldates settled upon the

marriage

John Coker, Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte -/ham, in the said John Coker, in fee-limple, and for settling other Filiates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report of further consideration the Report which was made from the BriVigeBiil, Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Mod noble further cou-,;

true; and that the parties concerned had given their con- John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over f,dered- J

a f i»A L. a. IJ .11 a. 1. a XVI am a p l-lt a rv>i f f AA U a Tc V/ /tat n rv «not* f ]*i A a r / liiA* /»1J l M a

sent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of communication thereunto, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition re*

(pefting notices for

Edinburgh

Police,

[fyping

knh, rne

"ported.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Coun- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Com- reported! cil ordinaryand extraordinary, of the City of Edinburgh, mon Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Com-for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the mons, Wastes, and. other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton forth, That, pursuant to leave granted by the House, notices and Branjby, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of 1

have been given of the application to Parliament for leave Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, to bring in a Bill for establishing a general lyftem of Police and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative in the said City, and several places adjacent thereto, for to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that regulating hackney coaches, chairs, carts, Porters, and the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Meters or corn, and for other matters, and for extending and found the lame to be true; and that the parties coi»-the Royalty of the said City of Edinburgh: And therefore cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction praying the House, That leave may be given to bring in a of the Committee (except one Proprietor assessed to the Bill for the purposes aforesaid. Land Tax at £. 15. is. o\d. who refused to sign the Bill;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- and that the whole property of persons interested in the fiderafion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Inclosure is assessed at £. 168. 15:. of; and that no person matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and them, to the House: that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Hope, Mr. William several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,’ him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records. ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and then a second time, on*

Mr. Geot ge Vansittart reported from the Committee, to by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

•*Bin, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, were agreed to by the House.

and inclosing, the Open and -Common Arable Lands, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-*

Common Meadow, Common Pallure, Common Down, grafted.

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish of Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the/

Shipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks, and for dividing. Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto tlcej 'for allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called King's subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Act therein- ^t(JchaP‘ Vot. 58. 4N after.

Road,

reported.

322

5° Aprilis.

A. 1803.

after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House) and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the lame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Johnfonbeing examined, said. That in purfriance of leave granted by the House on the 8th day of March last, notices.have been given three times in the Chelmsford.

Chronicle, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and other places therein mentioned.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 4th day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereinto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and the furthermost part of the Parish of Woo dford towards Epping., and from the cauleway in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of , next

Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigzvell and -1 bourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching

the said Road, from Whitechapel Church to the four mile stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads: And that Mr . Harveyand Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

jWeftRsfen An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and ii'dfurcBil1’ irnProving die Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paf-1 e ' tures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rafen, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wefi Rafen, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the

I Lords, and desire their concurrence,

ji

A Bill for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and im--ommitted. ' proving the Market-places within the Town of Bedford, ji in the County of Bedford, and making proper avenues

thereto; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Squares, and other public passages and places, within the iijid Town of Bedford, and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town of Bedford, was read a second time.

Reshed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by an Affidavit produced to your Committee, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 23d day of February last, notices were affixed on the door of the Parish Church of Cold Ashton, on three Sundays in the months of February and March last, of an application having been made to Parliament, for leave to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the division, allotment, and inclosure of certain Commons, called Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a piece of Open Pasture Land, part of the said Common, called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of 'Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, which was presented to the House upon the 8th day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Bill ordered, to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burland and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

F.Vi

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Burton, otherwise Burt on-upon-Slather, and in the Hamlets of St at her, Darbv, Thealby, and Coleby, within the Parishes of Burton and Halton, in the Wapentake of Manley, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township and Hamlets; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sibfon, in the County of Leicester; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Sanders; to which the Lords desire

the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Burton, See. Inclosure Bill*

Sibfon inclo-sure Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Sanders’s Nat. Bill.

r

"I

, i

avenfborne fidge Bill, ►ramitted.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River,

at or near its mouth or outlet into the River in

the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

peaing Mr. Burland reported from the Committee, to whom >id%htou ^ie Pet'tlon of the several Persons, whose names are there-€iofure,0a unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; 'alueof he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, rf°nt#d. pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Imports into Great Britain, for eighteen years, ending January 5th 1803, cx-elusive of Corn and other Grain, and exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and Chi; together with the difference between the official Value and the declared Value oi British Produce and Manufactures exported, for as many years of the fame period as such an Account can be made up.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to ApptnAx, this volume. (No. 21.)

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to au- Lunatics thorize the sale or mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by Inquifuion, in England or Ireland respectively, and the granting of leases of the fame: And that

VJi!/U. Ill,

5° Apr His.

that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, and and Waste Lands, within the Township of , in

the Mailer of the Rolls, do prepare, and bring in, the the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a

compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in Middleton aforesaid, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lame.

GofweJlStreet A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 23d years of the reign of His prcl'ent Majesty, for making, widening, and repairing the Road from the North-east side of the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road,

over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog House Bar, and at and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, was

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, Militia appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brogden, l8o3j. at t.heLCuomm‘t " haJ Pr^rf an . Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at £co«iingly, wh.ch they had directed him to report to the Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards

r delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the fame was

Middleton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open read; and is as followeth; viz. and Common Fields, and Common Pallure, Commons,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1803.

ierbi

d:di

Pay to 48,963 Private Militia Men, at

is.

1 s. is.

- per diem, for 28 days 6 d. per diem, for one year

2 d. per diem, for

- per diem, for

- per diem, for

D°

D*

D*

1,716 Serjeants,- - - at

1,631 Corporals, - - - at

783 Drummers, - - at ir.

87 Adjutants, - - at 6 s.

Salaries for 80 Battalion Clerks, at £.50. per annum each Extra Pay to 85 Serjeant. Majors, at 2 s. 6 d. week each D° - to 80 Drum Majors, at 6d. a day, each -28 days Pay to the several Officers -Charge of 28 days Beer-money for the non-commissioned Officers and private Militia Men, at 1 d. per diem each Charge per annum of the allowance for contingencies, at 4 per month per man - ~ ——

Cloathing of 48,963 private Militia Men -

Cloathing of 2,491 Serjeants and Drummers - -

s.

d.

4 — 10 —

14 2

5 — 10 —

68,548

46*975

34.726 14,326

9.526

4,000 -

552 10 —

73°-----

23,242 16 —

6,194 8 4

9,949 *2 —

73,000 -

7,600 — ---

299.372 9 6

Militia Fakirs Bill, Sported.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual Service, was committed j That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual an sdutinmpton Act, made in the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty, Waterworks for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Bli1’,alkd' Conduits, and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act, to amend, and render more effectual an Act, made

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his repairing, improving, and maintaining the public Conduits, place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of South-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was ampton.

rea<l. Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation upon Wednesday, the 20th day of this instant

April. __________

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Com- count of the Sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the °rd9red'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts

h:.i,

-tpers

niittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to revive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 81II for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair-

Consolidated Fund, between the 5th day of January Corf.lid.-ued 1802 and the 5th day of April 18035 distinguishing each Fund‘ Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Permanent count of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, for the Taxes-Quarters ended the 5th of January and 5th of April 1803; distinguishing each Quarter.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Survey of the House, by His Majesty’s command, &tthn<fC

A Survey and Report of the Coasts and Central High- presented.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when Treasury, in the Auiumn of 1802. ffie House will please to receive the lame. And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 58. Ordered,

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they lands of Scotland, made, by the command of the Right

324

Appendix, No. 42.)

snsideration

certain

lection

nitrons,

-TtiTcd.

Taunton*

Boston*

• Stirling.

Kirkcud-

bright.

5* Aprilis.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members Ordered, That the Petition of Humphrey Howorth, Eve&anu of the House. Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this the Borough of in the County of be

volume. taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 19th day of

May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

• The House was moved, That the several Orders, ap- Ordered, That the Petition of William Bowles, the East RetfbrA pointing the days for taking into consideration the several younger, Esquire, and Henry Bonham, Esquire, complaining Petitions complaining of undue elections and returns of of an undue election and return for the Borough of East Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough and Town Retford, in the County of Nottingham, be taken into con-of Taunton, for the Borough of Bojloti, for the County of Stir- sideration upon Thursday, the 19th day of May next,

ling, for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Borough of at half an hour after Three of the clock in the After-

Cirencester, for the Borough of Biftop's Castle, for the Bo- noon, rough of Evesham, for the Borough of East Retford, for the Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Heath, Gentleman, Newcastle-

Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, for the County of Rad- one of the Electors of the Borough of - under-Lyme.

nor, for the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, for Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and of several other Elec-the Borough of Leomiitfier, for the Borough of Aylesbury, tors of the said Borough, whole names are thereunto fub-for the County of Middlesex, for the Borough of Maldon, feribed; and also, the Petition of Oliver Beckett, Esquire, for the Borough of Honiton, for the Borough of Shaftef- severally complaining of an undue election and return for bury, for the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, for the the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thurs-Borough of New Windsor, for the Borough and Town of day, the 26th day of May next, at Three of the clock in Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, for the Borough of Sudbury, the Afternoon.

for the Borough of Minehead, for the City of Hereford, for Ordered, That the Petition of John of Lan- Radnor,

the City of Durham, for the City of London, and for the good Castle, in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining Borough of Midhurst, might be read. of an undue election and return for the County of Radnor,

And the said Orders beingseverally read accordingly} the be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 26th day fame were, upon the Question being severally put there- of May next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in Upon, ordered to be discharged. the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Robinson, late a Memorandum:

Candidate for one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament Notices were again lent to the several parties;

— " with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday, House to be the 28th day of this instant April. «iieU over.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That, when the House shall have proceeded, Names of

}i (hop’s Jaitle.

in and for the Borough and Town of ‘Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of certain Persons. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough and Town, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough and Town, be taken into

consideration upon Thursday, the 28th day of this instant upon Thursday, the 28th day of this instant April, to the April, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the Billots, to be

Ordered, That the Petition of William Squire, Cornelius several Petitions which are appointed to be taken into rqwrted, &c-

Ward, William Fotharby, Henry Stairwell, Jeremiah Stan-well, William Nicholls, John Herring, and William Wood, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 28th day of this instant April, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of General Sir Robert cromby, of Airthrey, Knight of the Order of the Bath; and also, the Petition of James Bruce, of Kinnaird, Esquire,

;ircncester.

consideration upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn, and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who Avail be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let aside; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whole non-and of Harry David Jon, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, both attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Freeholders in the County of Stirling, severally complaining Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and of an undue election and return for the said Courtly, be allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 5th day of taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending May next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Mont- without the special Order of the House. gomerie Granville John Steznart, complaining of an undue Ordered, That the Petition of the thercunder-signed Kirg'ton-

election and return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, be Freemen of the Town or Borough of Kingstou-upon-Hull, upon-Huii. taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 5th day of in the County of the fame Town, on behalf of themselves May next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the and others, the Freemen of the Town aforesaid, complain-Afternoon. ing of an undue election and return for the said Town or

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Sand ford, Esquire, Borough, be taken into consideration upon Monday, the ‘Thomas Forder, junior, George Pou/ton, Joseph Urfell, Joseph ill day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Gegg, Nathan Cole, junior, Robert Dore, William Hill, Afternoon.

Richard Bozuly, Joseph Winftone, John Winftone, Edward Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Lcor.iinster.

Humphreys, Daniel Toting, William Mills, William Scott, and names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Mem-George Dike, Inhabitant Householders legally settled in the bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leominfer,

Borough of Cirencejicr, in the County of Gloucester, having in the County of Hereford, on behalf ol themselves and a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an Parliament for the said Borough, on behalf of themselves undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken and others, complaining of an undue election and return into consideration uponTuefday, the 2d day of August for the said Borough, be taken into consideration upon next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Thursday, the 12th day of May next, at Three of the Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Francis - Aylcibury clock in the Afternoon. mantle, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Reverend

Ordered, That the Petition of John Charlton Kinchant, William Lloyd, Doctor in Divinity, Robert Browne, of Park Hall, in the County of Salop, Esquire, complain- Chaplin, John Barker, Edward , Robert Smith, Francis ing of an undue election and return for the Borough of Fleet, John Rawbone, William Payne, and Luke Turner, on Bishop's Castle, in the said County, be taken into considera- behalf of themselves and others, the legal Electors of the tion upon Thursday, the 12th day of May next, at half Borough of severally complaining of an undue

an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon. election and return for the said Borough, be taken into

consideration

tO UJBiU. 111.

efboy

ftfafonl

Mddlcfa.

5* Aprilis.

consideration upon WednesiJay, the 3d day of August Candidate and Burgage*hoIder$ of the Borough of Mid-next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. hurst, in the County of Sussex, complaining of an undue

Ordered, That the Petition of William Mainwarittg, election and return for the said Borough, be taken into Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the consideration upon Thursday, the 18th day of Auguflr County of Middlesex, whole names are thereunto sub- next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Msldon.

»oi>-

dtf-ija

dcor.

{bribed, feve rally complaining of an undue election and return for the said County, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the 4th day of August next, at Three of the dock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several parties; with Orders for their'at tendance accordingly.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole to whom it was referred to

consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland venue ui for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, com- in the 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th years of the reign of is plaining of an undue election and return for the said present Majesty; and also, several Acts, made in the Par-Borough, be taken into consideration upon Frida)', the Jiament of the United Kingdom in the 41ft and 42d years 5th day of August next, at 'Three of the clock in the of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Trade Afternoon. and Revenues of Ireland; and who were instructed to consider of several other Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, and in the 361I1 and 40th years of the reign of present Majesty, relating to the Revenue, Fisheries, and Trade of Ireland, the Kesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Eledors of the Borough of Honiton, in the Count)’ of Devon, on behalf of them-

selves and others, Eledors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough,

Shaftdbuiy.

Carrick-

fergus.

Wiwllbr.

be taken into consideration upon Saturday, the 6th day which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as Ordered, That the Petition of Mark Wood, Esquire, followeth; viz. complaining of an undue election and return for the That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Borough of Ska don, othenvile Shaft cfoury, in the County the Several Acts of the last Session of the last Parliament, of Dorj'et, be taken into consideration upon Monday, the for continuing and amending the several Laws for the 8th day of August next, at Three of the clock in the better collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland, Afternoon. and the several Acts thereby continued, Should be further

Ordered, That the Petition of Ezekiel Davys Wilson, continued.

Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, be taken into the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. consideration upon Tuesday, the 9th day of August next. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refo-at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. lution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Cony, Mr. Wickham,

and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Ramjhottm, of Cleiver Cottage, in the County of Berks, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of New Windsor, in the said County, be taken into considera-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee

a Committee of the whole House, to donfider of the Ad

Wrymouth,

4c.

tion upon Wednesday, the 10th day of August next, at mentioned in the Resolution, which was, yesterday, reported Three of the clock in the Afternoon. from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws arc

Ordered, That the Petition of John Arbuthnot, Esquire, expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from complaining of an undue election and return for the time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be Borough and Town of JVeymcuth and Melcombe Regis, in revived, continued, or made perpetual.

on an Expij; ing Law, jj

Sudbury.

the County of Dorj'et, be taken into consideration upon Thursday, the nth day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Eledors of the Borough

Minehead.

-Hertford City,

Da:

alT.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him

.of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

undue election and return for the said Borough, be taken Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow, into consideration upon Friday, the 12th day of August

next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Read- American

Ordered, That the Petition of John Langston, Esquire, and ing of the ingroSTed Bill, for appointing Commissioners for James Woodbridge the younger, Esquire, complaining of an distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United paired. ’ i undue election and return for the Borough of Minehead, States of America, under the Convention made between in the County of Somerset, be taken into consideration His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons upon Saturday, the 13th day of August next, at Three of having claims to Compensation out of such Money, be

the dock in the Afternoon. now read.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose And the said Order being read accordingly

names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City The said Bill was read the third time.

of Hereford, complaining of an undue election and return Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

for the said City, be taken into consideration upon Mon- An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the

day, the 15th day of August next, at Three of the dock Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of Arne- ‘

in the Afternoon. rica, under the Convention made between His Majesty

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose and the said United States, among the Persons having

claims to Compensation out of such Money.

Ordered, That Air. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

flames are thereunto subscribed. Citizens and Freemen of the City of Durham, having a right to vote in the election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 16th

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Coroners 1

day of August next, at Three of the clock in the After- ing of the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to commiueii

Urio#.

noon.

K&utit

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, of the City of London, Knight, and one of the Aldermen of the said City, complaining of an undue election and return for the said City, be taken into consideration upon Wednesday, the 17th day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-signed VoL. 58.

Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their Expences in the due execution of their Office;

A Alofion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words," upon this day six months."

4 O And

o

26

5°-

-6° Apri

A. 1803.

And the Question being put. That the word Rand part or the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

now,

Tellers for the Yeas

•I!

Mr. Dirki

Mr. Sheridan:

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr*

J

59•

51-

Mr. Shaw Lefevre:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the said Bill

be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

, , v S Mr. Dt 1chins,

Idlers for the Was, jMr. jW,,

(Sir Laurence Par Jons

John Jlo,

one,

5

6i.

49-

Tellers for the Noes, v.‘f (lVl r.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the 25th day ol this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The H°u^e Preceded to take into consideration the continue Amendment, made by the Lords to the B;il, intituled, An 1 torRtlicf to font'mue, until the eighth dav ot J Vv one thou-

Si>. rituil . 7 O J tf j

sand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the eighth day ot April one " thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the " last Session of Parliament, for staying proceedings in

Spiritual rions, ced to.

mined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Abraham, being examined, said, That the period, as by Law established, for restraining the taking and killing of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers and Piym,

within the County of Devon, and the several rivulets and dreams ot water communicating therewith, has been found by experience inconvenient and detrimental to the prelcr-varion and encouragement of the breed of Fish within those rivers, and it is therefore expedient and proper that the time of retraining the taking and killing ot Fish within those rivers should be altered and enlarged, and that tome other Regulations should be adopted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 13th year of the reign of King Edward the Fi’ft, and in the 13th year of the reign ot King Richard the Second, for the preservation of Sainton and other F.ih in the Rivas and Piym,

in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Adams and

Mr. H inland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sanders'* naturalizing ChrijiianSanders, was read the tiifl time. Blll»

Resolved, That the Bili be read a second time.

Mr. Planter reported from the Committee, to whom the Sparrow’s Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d years of the reign of Road Bill, His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and reported, keeping in repair, the Road from the South end of

it

(I:

C;s

b

•r

n:

t:

1.

H

■ r;

" Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for Sparrow's Herne, on through the Market

"abridging Spiritual Pc rib 11s from having Pluralities of Towns of Saint , and Tring,

" Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay pro- in the County of by , to the Turn-

" ceedings in Actions under an Act of the thirteenth year pAe Road at , near in the County of Buck-

" of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leaies of Benefices, and inyham, was committed; That the Committee had examined

" other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure."

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

In the Title of the Bill, 1. 3. leave out " July," and insert " April."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houte; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a-

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 6°

Anno 43" Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

Pr

AYERS.

ceedings

-Dublin

veriity

tWon.

- uwn.

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Batty’s enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in trull, named in the will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Pari 111 of Saint George-in-the-East, in the County of Micld/efex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint in the-

County of Middlesex, deviled to him by the fame will, and

to fell and pull down an ancient Me 11'uage, standing on part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise

Mil. Speaker informed the House, That he had this

day received a Copy of the Minutes of the Pro- by such Sale upon the Trulls of the said will, was read the ceedings of the Commissioners in Ireland, appointed to exa- first time.

mine certain matters referred to them by the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for the College and University of Dublin.

And that, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the trial of contro- which lies within the Manor of Lofely, in the Parish of

1 ->• ' 1 ' in and within the Manor of

in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey: And" the fame was received; and read the ‘.lift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a lie . nd lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to PeafeMarlh Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ineloi'ing, that part of the Common or Waste Land called The Pease Marsh, pre

', &c.

\y,

i :iun,

II ted.

verted Elections in Ireland, he had by warrant, to be m ferted in the next London Gazette, directed the said Select Committee to re-afietnble and meet again upon Monday, the 25th day of this instant April, at Eleven of the clock in the Morning.

Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Baron Clifford of Chudleigh, and Samuel Lane, of Totness, in the County of Devon, Clerk, for and on behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

:n:y

Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, rc whom Bill for continuing the term, and altering and malar powers, of two Acts, passed in the 33d year oi the his late Majesty, and in the zzd year of the t lent Majesty, for repairing several Roads ie.v.iin Town of Okehampton, in the County of

<Yv-,.1.1rrT'\on

Ri.U.*: bill,

11 iXifU'd.

T Cl i l.

was

> i*r--o ihe

committe'J

43 LrE

6° Apri

327

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, jn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a l'econc] time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

leare granted

v Notices

ruling ] jaiir Canal kvyatioa.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Boyd Alexander, Mr. William Dun das. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Gro/ton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he presented, was called in; and, at the Bar, pretented to the House, j

pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, \

The Twenty-eighth Report of the Commissioners of Account of Ireland: And al Co,

An Account of all Monies collected, received, and burled, by the Directors and Commissioners lor paving,

count. Riving-, See, of Dublin.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon cleaning, and lighting, the streets of Dublin, from the ift the 29th day ol Marco last, was made born the Committee, day Qf january j to the 5th day of January 1802. to whom the 1 etition of the Molt noble John Duke of Bed- Mr. also nretenfed to the House, nurfuant to their

‘Dimktli "■15c Bill,

ford, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of favifioek, and parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in confidciation of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that notices may be given of the application to Parliament for an ACtlor the making of the said Canal, three times in some

o *

one newspaper circulated in the County of Devon, in the present month of April or in the month of May next, and also at the next Ealler Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Devon; and that in such notices it shall be Rated, that a map or plan of the line of the said intended Canal, together with a book of reference thereto, were deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon on the x ith day of January last.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Most Noble Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Tay,

at or near to the Town of Dunkeid, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of communication thereunto, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Moll noble John Duke of Atholl,

Mr. Crofton also prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Balances due on the 5th of January Balances of 1803, from the several Collectors of Customs and Excise alul

employed in the collect ion of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and now deceased, or out of their respective offices:

And also,

An Account of the Value of all Imports irrto, and all imports and Exports from Ireland, in the year ending the 5th January ExP°m*

1803; distinguishing the Value of Irish Produce and Manufacture exported, together with the difference between the official Value and the real Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The two first of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.—The said Report * is inserted in the Appendix to this volume; and the last f of the Accounts is also inserted.

Appendix,

MN0.43.)

t (No. 44.)

The Lord Hervey, from the Select Committee appointed Berwick-to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Daniel jrf£&i<^wee<* Ord, Esquire, one of the Candidates to represent the Town determined, and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed at the last election

i^rmsrthca

U-ction,

r&rmiaed.

and his Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or for Members to serve for the said Town and Borough in near to the Town of Dunkeid, in the Count y of Perth, and the present Parliament; and also, of the Petition of certain make Roads of communication thereunto. of the Freemen, Electors of the said Town and Borough,

Ordered, That Sir David Carnegie do carry the Bill to the whole names are thereafter subscribed, having a right to Lords, and desire their concurrence. vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for

Sir James Pulteney, from the Select Committee appointed the/aid , T°wn and Borough, severally complaining of an

, . / ~ A ______ undue Hecrinn onrl return tr»r the tud I rtum and Kr*i*rv»irrh

to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Paxton, of Middleton Hall, in the County of Carmarthen, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Richard Manfel Philipps, a Freeholder of the County of Carmarthen, feve-ral'.y complaining of an undue eleaion and return for the said County, intormed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That James Hamlyn William, Esquire, is duly elected a E.night of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County:

And alto, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Of

APetition of the Reverend Philip Story was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for divid

undue eleaion and return for the said Towq and Borough^ informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Thomas Hall, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined; That John Fordyce, Esquire, is not duly ekaed a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Towry and Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the last eleaion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough, is a void election:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said Petitions did not, either of them, appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the opposition of the said Thomas , Esquire, to

>ng, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, , r , t* --- ,•,

Mures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish the kid Petitions, dld not appear 10 the said Committee

of Brajjington, otherwise BrajJ'on, in the County of Derby;

and kuing forth. That if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now Rands, it Would be injurious to the Petitioner; And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by nis count'd or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may prejudice him, or his estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a i’econd time.

to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the opposition of the said John Fordyce, Esqvtire, to the said Petitions, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according Lumtics

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for to Order, a Bill to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates 5

21 f]l llCcLtTC Oity ut Glo.j^OU' u,lc n V. (VntPC rsf* PprfAn^ fnitnd luHitlC* VlV inninfifrirvn irs Cw.r. pFC €l\ ©

second tune. Vot.. 58.

was read a Estates of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively, and the granting of Leases of

the

328

6° A pri

A. 1803.

And the fame was received; and read the first Mr. Beaumont, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of

Land Owner* kc. of Hertford, against Malt Duty.

Southwark Paving Kill, passed.

the fame: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday, the aid day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Farmers, and Malt-fters, of the County of Hertfowas presented to the House, and read •, complaining of the additional Duty upon Malt and Beer, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And praying, That the lame may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and render-

Cold Ashton, Inclolui e Bill, presented.

Mr. Burland presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for confirming and establishing the division, allotment, and inclosure, of certain Commons called Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a piece of Open Failure Land,

part of the said Common called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashlon, in the county of : And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lafcellts presented to the House, according Selby Bridge, to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an 31* . Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present peu' Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Relby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the

ing more effectual, an Act, passed in the 26th year of the opposite shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, light- Riding of the same County: And the fame was received i

ing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Manor of other-

wife called The Clink, or Bishop of Liberty, in

the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of ■Surrey, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for limiting the time for purchasing •houses.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. to. To leave out from " described " to " and, " in 1. 21.

Pr. 52. 1. 4. To leave out from " Prince" to " so," in 1. 12.

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Pierrepcnt reported from the Committee, to whom Dunham and the Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, regulating, and J*3^1 ..... inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, reported. ‘ ’ Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills ot Inclosure, had been complied with } and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe- ments thereunto, which they hau directed him to report to verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the ^1C B-cPort m his place; and alter

Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of lVinchefer'% Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Rujfelldo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grofled.

in-

Croydon, he. Railway Bill* passed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Railway

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, Bill to amend and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual the k*wsto Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence spiritual ° of Spiritual Person* on their Benefices: And that Sir WiT Persons, Ham Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Advocate General, Doctor Laurence, Doctor

from or from near a place called PitlakeMeadow, in the Mr< Mr. Gregor, Mr. William Pitt, the Earl of Town of Croydon, to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Sir William Dolben, and Doctor Knox, do prepare,

Surrey, with a collateral Branch from the said Railway at anq bring in, the fame, or near a place called Merjlh am, in the Parish of Mtrjiham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey, was read the third time,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday, the 20th day of this in- and which they had directed him to report to the House} stant April; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delilt passed in the Negative. vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s

• Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the innkeepers. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for in-creating the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral Branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merfiham, in the Parish of Mtrjiham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Reami fa A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or

committed!'^ * Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of Beamish, otherwise Beamish Park, in the Parish of

le-Street, and County of Durham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bit don,

9

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Message Simeon

from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords

1 have agr<*l

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for w<w'v'ch veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich} without any Amendment: And also.

The

o UflSW*

6° Aprilis.

329

Roman

Catholics

Qjtht Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to of Boddington annexed, in the County; without

entitle Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the De- any Amendment: And also,

claration and Oath contained in the A eft of the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A(51 " to relieve, upon conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Dif-" abilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the " Popish Religion, are by Law subject," to the benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for relieving " His Majesty’s Subjects professing the Popish Religion

Militia O/rcMs with An ments.

Jtfodbury

Raid Bill.

i3c; ,

a

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the . concurrence of this House: And also, TiieLW

The Lords have pa a Bill, intituled, An Act for na- have P;’,!c " from certain Penalties and Disabiiities imposed on them turalizing Maurice de lough; to which the Lords desire the

" by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of concurrence of this House: And also,

" the feign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veil-,l for the further preventing the grozvth of Popery f' without ing, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chan- ' uc any Amendment: And also, eery, the Estate settled to the use of George Jackson, and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their

for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the lives, and the life of the Survivor, with divers remainders powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the over, in George Benn, and his Heirs, in trust for the said reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the George Jackson, and his Heirs, and for substituting other reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; to which the

~ Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

lomerton and Martock Roads Bill.

the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North end of Liucotta Lane, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Delonghc

continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, naturalizing Maurice de lough, was read the first time

Nat. Bill, rt

of two several Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to So?nerton, and from GawbriJge to Tintmhull Fords, and from a streant of water called Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of So-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Dublin Roads Bill,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the eiedl- writ. " ing of two Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament, merfet; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from for the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the last election of a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid, through a Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said common Meadow, called Pelherton Broadmead, and thence Town having been determined to be void, through the Par illves of South Petkerton, S kept on, Beauchamp,

and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Report on llminster to' Langport, and from South Petkerton aforesaid, confederation the Report which uras made from the Com* MaTufTc through part of the several Pari (lees of South Petkerton and mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole

...... " " " ‘ names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the

Woollen Trade and Manufadlories within the Counties of

Somerfe Wilts, and was referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of

Tamworth and Miby-dc-la-Zouch Roads Bill.

Lvpen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also’

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for.

" making, widening, and repairing public Roads in the " County of Dublin, and for repealing parts of several Acts the said Report.

" formerly made for that purposewithout any Amend- The House accordingly resolved ment: And also. Committee.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and

turers Petition, referre to a C< m-; mittee of th whole Hous

itself into the said Considered

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. EJlcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the matter to them referred; and

keeping in repair, the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby-d'e- that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they la-Zouchfin the County of Leicester, and from Sazvley Ferry, may have leave to fit again

Min Royal tirul Com-

Ref That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the said Report.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report r Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred gable Canal from Dublin to Tar monbury, on the River Shan- to consider of the Ad, mentioned in the Resolution which, txpinn

now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of Swarclijje Lane, to Z ouch aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for n'i Bill altering and amending the several Laws now in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete

a navi-

SowtattiMoa fat till.

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty.Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the {Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs,

upon Monday last, was reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his

and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

TOaiGtound

erecting W arehouses for the safe custody of Goods and Merchandize laud for imposing certain Duties for the above

' 1 o

purposes •, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and ered a Chapel thereon, lor the Parish of Saint Giles-in-tke-Fields, in the County of " Middlesex; without any AmendmentAnd also,

Gords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. ‘ * for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Staverton, with the Chapelry ‘ Mol. wS.

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty . intituled, "An Act for reviving,

" continuing until the twentieth day of May one thou-" land eight hundred and two, and amending, an Act,

" made in the thirty ninth and fortieth years of the reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ati 'to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty's reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be zvarc-

4-P " housed•,

330

6°—7°

A. 1803.

" house d;for reviving so muck of an A SI, made in the thirty- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the

" second year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to 20th day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Com-

" the ascertaining the average price of Sugar, and regulating mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply " the allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and granted to His Majesty.

" for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the

tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one," as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed, which has been continued by an Act of the last

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, Torquayp;er to whom the Petition of Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, Lord p^jt^rket of the Manor of Tormoham, in the County of , and reported.

Proprietor of the Quay or Pier on the South-east tide of

Session of the last Parliament until the 20th day of May the Harbour or Port of Torquay, in the said County, was 1803, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. referred; That the Committee had examined the matter

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the

Dmmittee of

ipply.

ipers

ferred.

[r. Martin.

ub'in y in£-in

.ofpiul,

stualc irphan onie in ,ublin. ’itto.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-' solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the . w

Committee, to whom the Petition of George Martin the the Rates, Dues, and Tolls, payable to the Petitioner from younger, of Lincoln s-Inn, Barrister at Law, was referred, be the said Quay and Harbour.—And the Witness further said, referred to the said Committee. That the Inhabitants of have ol late years increased

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governors and Guar- in number, and the trade and commerce carried on there dians of the Hospital for the relief of poor Lying-in Women is also enlarged, but there is not at pretent any Market at in the City of Dublin, be referred to the said Committee. Torquay; and it would be a great advantage to the lhha-Ordered, That the Petition of the' Governors and Go- bitants thereof, and of the adjacent country, as well as to

fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Abraham being examined, said, that the Quay or Pier at Torquayaforesaid is too confined, and very inconvenient for the mooring and accommodation of Ships and Vessels, and there are not effectual powers for enforcing the payment of

j.lTbciation |.r tlilcoun-f nancing 1 ice.

vernesses of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Estimate of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, for one year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804, for the support of One hundred and forty children, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Estimate of the Expence of the prepare, and bring in, the fame. Society for discountcnancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the Christian Religion in Ireland, for one

all persons travelling to the said Harbour, if a Market was established there, under proper regulations and restrictions.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and for estab’ishing a Market within the Town of Torquay: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Palk, and Mr. Bastard, do

year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804, be re-i ferred to the said Committee.

irti Militia. A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence ot Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

* Mr. Corry (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the

i House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make provihon for defraying the charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the expence ot Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of !, the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1803.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said ■I, Committee.

jilitia of A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made rear Britain. from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an ’ Estimate of the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s 4 Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such provision for de-

fraying the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1803, as they shall think

; necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said i‘ Committee.

| Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed; him to report, when the House will pieale to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was , directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

leave to fit again.

l3

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, insti Revenue a Bill to continue several Acts for the better collection and Kill> security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for pre- P1^11 venting Fratids therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

and

Icuitd,

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the Waysn 20th day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Com- N, C3ns mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 7° die Aprilis;

Anno 430 Prayers.

Georgii III"1 Regis, 1 So3.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Afent

Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Roya' Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers,_ where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Ailent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and alto empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness

1 the

it* Apri

LrEO. 1X1.

the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness*'

the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several Other-Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Wa/ftngbam, named also in the said Commission,

did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more speedy and eft’eftual Enrolment of the Militia of " Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein;" and for making other provisions in lieu thereof:

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for the present season:

An Act to entitle Roman Catholics, taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act. of the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to relieve, upon conditions and under " Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain " Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons " professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject," to the benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-" lieving His Majesty’s Subjects professing the Popish " Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed " on them determined by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth

j t

" years of the Reign of King William the Third, tn-" tituled, An Act for the further preventing 'the growth of Popery:"

An Act to continue, until the eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the eighth day of April " one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed " in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying proceedings " in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, 11 for abridging Spiritual Perfoss from having Pluralities of " Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay pro-" ceedings in Actions under an Act of the thirteenth year "of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and " other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance at Woolwich: ,u

An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now

• .. D O

in force for enabling the Royal Canal Company to com-plcte a navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the River Shannon:

An Act for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and fc?r improving the fort of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for erecting Warehouses for the safe custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above purposes:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from the Lift end of the Town o I Chard to the South end of Weft Moor, and from the Weft end of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through

fieri to Kenny Gate, and from the Weft end of Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane to and from White Cross to ChillingtonDozen, and from a place called Three Oaks, over I ford Bridges, to Way, and from the Cross Keys to Catharine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for altering and enlarging the powers of several Acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in ihc tenth and thirty-second years of the v«l.

33 i

reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making, widening, and repairing, public " Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing parts " of several Acts formerly made for that purpose

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the- Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from GazvbriJge to Fords, and from

a stream of water called Ford to Cart gate, in Mar lock, in the County of Somerset-, and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a place called Hurst Bow, in Martock aforesaid, through a common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Skepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, all in the said County of Somerset:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North end of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads from Tam-worth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leirefter,

and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said

County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of Sioarcliffe Lane, to AJbby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid:

An Act to enable William Robertson, Esquire, of -kirk, to exchange the Lands of Baudeath, Field,

and Kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid-Lothian, and East Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations, contained in a disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather, for the Lands of Ramrig and Greenfide, belonging to him in fee-simple, and lying in the County of Berwick:

An Act for vesting part of the Estates settled upon the Marriage of John Coker, Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte Marsham, in the said John Coker, in fee-simple, and for settling other Estates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufies:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garrifown, in the County of Dublin:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Lands, in the Parish of East other-

wife Stower East Stower, in the County of Dorjit:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a piece or parcel of open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Hartley Bank, and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the Parish of

Kirkburten, in the West Riding of Jthe County of 7'ork:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other Coma monable Lands, within the Parishes of and

Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Tollerton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and " Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste " Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the " County of Bedford," and to give powers for the making and completing of certain Roads set out by the Commissioners acting under, and by virtue of the said Act:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Open

Common

332

7* Aprilis.

A. 1803.

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Other Com- ' Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Town ship within the Township of Chipping Camborne, in the Parish of Burton, otherwise Burton-upon-Statherj and in the Ham- of Chipping , in the County of Berks; and for

lets of Slather^ Darby, Thealby, and Coleby, within the xlividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called

Parishes of Burton and West Halton, in the Wapentake of King's Heath, within the Tything of in the

Manley, in the County of Lincoln', and for making a com* Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid, was read the third pensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient time.

inclosed Lands, in the same Township and Hamlets: Resolvect, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open An Act for dividing, allotting, anti laying in severalty,

Jrampound loud Bill, fpoi trd.

Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Staverton, with the Chapelry of Boddington annexed, in the County of G/ok-

cester:

An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close.

Sir Wiliam Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and a ill years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cortnvall, through the Towns of Saint Au/lell and Lqfiwithiel, and thence to the East end of the We Item Latte, in the said '

County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the lloule; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Lands lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable places, within the Manor and Parish of Rujlall, in the County of Wilts: And , the fame was received -, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Member Ordered, That Mr. John Fane be added to the Gentle*

fedtobnHg men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, attimer pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of Samuel Barwick,

inclosure Bill. Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Burton Lattimer, in the County of William Han-

bury. Clerk, and the several other Proprietors of ancient ' Messuages, Lands, and Common Right, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lat timer.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called King's Heath, within the Tything of Blagrave, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vanjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

presented.

Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to Order, CiftieBytMm a'Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inc!ofjn; Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Castle Bytkam, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

Stowe

Inclosure Bill,

paired.

.n cloture i| Bill,

;»re fen ted.

'. Bill, ^relented.

uickfon’s r'ltate Bill,; ead.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Estates settled to the use of George Jackson and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their lives, and the life of the Survivor, with di-i, vers remainders over, in George Bern, and his Heirs, in

i trust for the said George Jackson, and his Heirs, and for

i substituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu there-

of, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Member , Ordered, That Sir James S,. Clair Erskine do make the :rpjVtKim-ofs RePort from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the . Ko^ds Persons thereunto subscribing. Owners of Land in the petition. County of Kinross, was referred.

Chipping An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in indofur^BiH kveralty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable v’lTed. ’ Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wades, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjly, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moers, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branfby, in the Parish of Stozve, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry ’the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir James St.Clair Erskine reported from the Committee, KmrofsRmdi to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Pe"tI!£I£ Owners of Land in the County of Kinross, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, the application being only for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Melville being examined, said. That the Laws now fubfilting for the making of Roads, and building and repairing Bridges, have been found ineffectual in the County of Kinross, and that other and further powers are necessary, in order to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and it is attended with difficulty to render effectual, and properly to apply, the statrute labour of the said County.—

And the Witness added, That a reasonable competition in money, in lieu of actual labour, is in many places found to be more useful, effectual, and convenient, for the purpose of making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges; and it would therefore be for the advantage of the said County to convert the statute services into money, and to ascertain the rates thereof, and mode of levying the lame; and also to authorize an additional Assessment on the Heritors and other persons in the said County, for the making Highways and Bridges through the lame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County: And that Sir James St. Clair Erskine and General Ciephane do prepare, and bring in, the Gune.

'ft

' J’-"

p,

Ordered,

*K> UKO. I'll*

Member Ordered, That Sir John William be added to

-^'td to bring the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring HkdureBil). in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being interested in divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish and Liberties of Braddert, in the County of Northampton.

Mr. Milford, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Adams, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Thomas Myers, Esquire, is not duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, That James Adam, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the said James Adams, Esquire, is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined. That the opposition of the said Thomas Myers, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And the faic! determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last return for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and amend the fame, by rafing out the name of Thomas Myers, Esquire, and inserting the name of James Adams, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said return accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. James Bidler of Exeter have leave of absence for six weeks, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Glaforw, &c. election.

Ordered, That Mr. Bryan Cooke have leave of absence for three weeks, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the election for the County of Carmarthen.

fcTmrtP°n' Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, inciciure Bill, Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste

'wamtttd. Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William Henry Cavendish Benlinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

hcioAireBin Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open woaiittei ’ Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brajfington, otherwise in the County of Derby, was read a second time-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William Henry Cavendish Bentinck,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I The House was moved, That the Petition of the Re-wtrred’ini) verend Philip Story, which was, yesterday, presented to the ‘rtend W°use, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the some time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vol. 58.

Harwich

Election,

jieterunned.

Return

imcnded.

leave of Abknce.

Ordered, That all Who come to the said Committee have voices.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ^fcu'tcj. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, wirbin the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Jolmstone reported from the Committee, to whom Thorn q-iim-the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are subscribed, Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter men- reported, tioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the ift year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Tkorngumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead to FrodinghGate, in or near

Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven; also, an Act, passed in the 20th year of His said Majesty’s reign* for enlarging the term and powers of the said Acts, lb far as relates to the said Roads, and for making perpetual so much thereof as relates to the said Creek or Haven, were read :—And,

Mr. William Ivefon being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money upon the credit thereof, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Roads.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Tkorngumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York, and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven; And that Mr. Johnftotie and Mr. Staniforth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Hearing of Friday last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon chargeagaini Tuesday, the 19th day of this instant April, the charge officero*/ contained in the Resolutions, which (upon the 18th day of Great March last) were reported from the Select Committee, Grimfoy, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition de 4 of William Mellish, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Charge be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday, the 25th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That John Simpson, Esquire, and the several other Persons who were ordered to attend this House upon the 19th day of this instant April, do attend this House upon the said 25th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third innkeeper* reading of the ingrossed Bill, for increasing the Rates of Bill> polled. Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

4 Q An

334

7°

Aprilis.

A. 1803.'

Mr. Eficourt accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the provisions, regulations, and restrictions, contained in certain Acts, passed in the 13th year of the reign of King Richard Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to t^e second, the 5th and 6th year of the reign of King the ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act to provide, until the tvard the Sixth, the 2d and 3d year of the reign of King

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ovds

r.tndments

hem Bill, twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and Queen Mary, and the 4th and 5 th year of the

and four, for the more speedy and effectual completion of ^me reign> the 43d year of the reign of Queen the establishment of Ofncers in the Militia of Great Britain, 21 ft years of the reign of King James the First,

and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, be taken f[ie 10th year of the reign of Queen and the ill and

| into consideration upon fuefday seven night, the 19th igth years of the reign of King the First, so far as the

day of this instant April. fame relate to the length, breadth, and weight, of Woollen

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Cloths, the tentering, ft retching, and (training, and the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred viewing, searching, and sealing of them, by Officers ap-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, pointed for that purpose, the boiling of Wool with certain the llcsolutions which the Committee had directed him ingredients, the prohibition of the use of lambs wool, the

-port

'Upply.

Ir. Martin.

ffociation in Ireland for I iicoimte-Umcinz Vice.

to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a film, not exceeding Twelve thousand Six hundred and twenty-six Founds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make compensation to George Martin the younger, of s-Inn, for his

lolfes luftr.ined as an American Loyalist.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence sterling, being One thousand Pounds Iri/hcurrency, be granted to His Ma

sale of Woollen Cloths tacked and tolded, the pressing of Woollen Cloth, and the use of Gig Mills, and the number of Looms; and also, to repeal an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act " containing divers orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants " of Husbandry, and Apprentices," so far as the fame relates to Apprenticeships in the trade or business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of weaving, dying, and cloth dressing, in the several Counties of G/ouce/ler, Wilts, and Som; and likewise, for

permitting the exportation of certain Cloths unfhorn.

And Mr. EJicourt moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in the said Bill: Bill ordered.

jesty, for defraying the charge of the Society for difeoun- And that Mr. EJI court, Mr. Dukinson, junior, Mr. Hob house.

"emale Or-i 7h:\n House tear Dublin.

"n

tenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and practice ot tire Christian Religion in Ireland, from the 3th day of January 1003 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and three Pounds Six Shillings and Five Fence Halfpenny sterling, being Nine hundred seventy-eight Pounds and Twelve Shillings Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and charge

and Lord Henry Petty, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Iri<ii Court* to rcloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the procels of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Fleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called

Dublin

Lying-in

JLiofpitaL

.r

Irish Militia.

Ditto.

Militia of Great Britain

vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and 2 2d years of the reign of His prei'ent Majesty,'intituled, "An Act for " enlarging the time for Trials by NiftPrius, in the City and " County of Dublin, and for making the process of the " Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 26th day of this instant April, resolve itl'elf into the said Committee.

A Petition of David Courtenay, Deputy keeper of the Petition of Seals of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: Clerks in the

a j ir J 1 Court ot

And also. Exchequer in

A Petition of Thomas Smith, senior, a Clerk in the Pleas Ireland, for Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: Comptn And also,

A Petition of Thomas Smith, junior, a Clerk in the

of the Female Orphan House near Dublin, for maintaining, cloathing, educating, and apprenticing, dc-ierted Female Children, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred and ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence sterling, being Two thou land Seven hundred Pounds Iriflt currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, horn the 5th day of January 1803 40 the 5th day of January 1804,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That provision be made for defraying the charge of the Pay of the Militia ot Ireland, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That provision be made for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland during Peace, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ire-of Great Britain, for the year 1803. land: And also,

"T U n In I ,1 U , , I 1 k L r

tion.

: Counxiittec on V Kcport of I Woollen Ma-• iuibidhirers 1 Lvtition.

A Petition of James Biron, a Clerk in the Fleas Office of His Majesty’s Court ol Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of William Farr an, a Clerk on the establish-Ordered, That the Order of the clay, for the House to ment of the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Ex-refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to chequer in Ireland: And also,

The laid Rdolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the teveral Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being concerned in the Woollen Trade and Manufactories within the Counties ot Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. EJi court took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eftcourt reported from the Committee, That he was

A Petition of Joseph Mathers, a Ckrk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court or Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of William Mathers, of the City of Dublin, Gentleman, one of the Clerks on the establishment in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in land: And also,

A Petition of Lancelot Levelsa Clerk on the establish* ment in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court ot Exchequer in Ireland:And also,

A Petition of John Carey, an established Clerk in the

directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the . Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in House will please to receive the lame. ,• land: And also.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. A Petition of Joseph Farran, one of the Deputy, Clerks

of

43 Geo. III.

7°-

•19° A prills.

on x

-of the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in the Salaries, Pensions, and established Charges, of the said

Corporation.

A Bill to continue several Acts for the better colle-dlion and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, was, according to Order, read a second time.

That the Bill be committed.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Wednesday leven-night, the 20th day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to

Ireland: And also,

A Petition of Richard Patten, a Clerk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And also, A Petition of Henry Teo, a Clerk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland And also, A Petition of Thomas M'Nulia Clerk in the Pleas Office of 11 is Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of Henry J. Carey, an established Clerk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Inland: And a I ft),

A Petition of Gerald Byrne, an established Clerk in the Law Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: Were severally presented to the House, and lead;

Irish Rcyc committed

Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to bc'limited, so taking notice of the said Bill; and praying, That, much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of in caie the lame should pass into a Law, the Peti- His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar tioners may receive a reasonable compensation for and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation the Losses they will sustain thereby. Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the

Ex pi vine I iV.ii,w p relented.

i,ri

Bill to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Peril.ns, printed.

lie upon the Table.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the ltelidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday, the 21ft day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this IJoufe, an Ac-* ttrenAnne’s coullt annual Produce of the Revenues veiled in

bnmty to the " The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Poor Clergy, augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy," from the time of their first Incorporation to the latest period to which the lame can be made up; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the annual Application of the said Revenues by the said Governors; specifying the numbers of Benefices augmented by them in each year, and to what'amount, in the whole, for each year; and in what mode the annual surplus Revenues have been applied in each year.

Wjoumment. Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Tuesday sevennight, the 19th day of this instant April.

Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing Plantation Sugar to be warehoused: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecor-J time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday sevennight, the 19th day ol this instant April.

.And then the House adjourned till Tuesday leven-night, the 19th day of this instant April, Ten of the clock in the Morning.

Maiuitu&u-^ Bill, Pre‘tlU«J,

kpotef '•Kcsda, fan Bill, y «■ con.

Mr. Dickirfjn, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to leave granted this day, the Bill respetfling the Woollen Manufacture: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday, the 26th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain Sums of Money affianced by way of Loan to several Persons connected vvhh, and trading to, the Hlands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the kid Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Q uc (lion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the 1 Joule, to the Bill. 7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Mart is, 19° die A prills;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

SIR John William Andersonreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Vazie being examined, said. That from the extensive population of the Cities of London and and

Liberties thereof, and from the various trades exercised and different manufactures carried on therein, great quantities of Coals are daily consumed, for the constant supply of which, ships frequenting the Port of London, employed in the Coal trade, are very numerous, and that it is of the utmost: consequence to the very existence of several of the trades and manufactures in which the consumption of fuel mull of necessity be very great, that such fuel should be obtained at as reasonable a rate as possible; and that it would tend greatly to reduce the present very high price of Coals if a Market, under certain rules and restrictions, were established for the sale of all Coals brought into the River Thames, by means of which the quantity and descriptions of Coals brought in each and every veil'd, and the price at which the lame were fold, might be generally known; and if certain other regulations were, made in the vend of Coals brought into the Port of London.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the lale of Coals; for defining the dimensions of the different Coal

That the fiiid Bill be read the third time upon Measures; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the

Account of

.... for

1"lrEiSc..

Tuekiay sevennight, the 19th day of this instant April

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Tax levied on the City of Dublin for the paving and lighting the lame, for the years 1800 and 1801>

lj’t'cil; ing cacti-year; and an Account of the Expenditure _____

the said Corporation for the fame years j together with Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, VOL. S-

Lorn! on Coa Market Petition, reported.

vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned: And that Sir John William Anderson and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition for

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord

- of the Port c

London, referred to a Committee,

m

A. 1803,

336

19° Aprills.

in Common Council assembled, which was presented to mine the date thereof in the month of March last, it appears the House upon the 7th day of February last, and then that the Piet thereof, called ,is in danger

ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

of falling, unless it' shall be immediately repaired; and that the said Harbour, which is of great importance to the Petitioners as well as to the trade of that part of , is

moreoter dangerous from the present direction and situa-tion of the said Pier, and, in order to render she fame safe, it is necessary to extend the said Pier further westward, and

tunlnm mid ^agnail 'iclosure Bill,

ailed.

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord to make other improvements upon the said Harbour; and Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow that the necessity of the present application has arilen from Morning, at Nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; circumstances which happened too late to enable the Peti-and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. tioners to apply to the House before the expiration of the

time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills: And An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, improving, re- therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a gulating, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for the purposes above-Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and mentioned.

Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and Ragnall, within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of in the County of Nottingham, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be.

Orde, That, in consideration of the particular circum- Leave giren, stances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Petition An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several of the Burgh of Dyfart, in Scotland, and the Persons whose presented. 0|7en Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, names are thereunto subscribed. Ship Owners and Inha-Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several bitants of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and Townships of Dunham and Ragna/l, and within the Parish, read; containing the lame Allegations as the preceding Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham. Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring Ordered, That Mr. Pierreponl do carry the Bill to the in a Bill for the purposes therein mentioned.

I'ftihon of lere bants, '•:c. of York, pi nil Selby ridge Bill.

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, Travellers, Mailers and Owners of Ships and Vessels, and Persons refuting in the City of York, and County of the lame City, and at various places in the County of York, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, lor building a Bridge over the River Ouse,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine-the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James St. Clair the Earl

of Dalkeith, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir James St. Clair presented to the House, ac- Kinroft

from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to cording to Order, a Bill for regulating and converting the Ro:,ds the opposite (bore in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more preene' Last Riding of the same County; and setting forth. That effectually making and repairing the Highways within the the erection of the said Bridge has been found, by experi- said County: And the fame was received; and read the , ence, very prejudicial to the navigation of the said River, first time, and has occasioned the loss of several vessels, and many Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time, serious delays, inconveniencies, and injuries, which would

not otherwise have happened; and that the Inhabitants of Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine do make the An°* Selby, and of some particular places near thereto, are, or Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the are intended to be, exempt from paying Toll for passing * Magistrate and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Alloa, petition, over the said Bridge more than once a day, whilst others in the County of Clackmannan, was referred. reported,

are subject to.Toll every time they pass over the fame; and Sir James St. Clair Erskine accordingly reported from the that in the notices given by the Proprietors of their in- said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and tended application to Parliament, they only stated the fame found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to to be for amending, and rendering the said Act more Paving Bills, and Bills for supplying Towns with water, effectual in general terms, without apprising the Country had been complied with; and that the Committee had thereby of their intention to increase the Tolls of the said examined the matter of the said Petition, which they had Bridge; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Bill, if directed to be reported to the House; and he read the passed into a Law, will affect and prejudice their rights and Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the interests, by obliging them to pay an additional Toll to in- Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol-crease the private emolument of the said Proprietors, alloweth; viz.

though the Tolls for travelling in the neighbourhood of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Selby are already very burthensome, and will materially passed in the 26th year of the reign of His present Ma-• injure and impede the said navigation: And therefore jesty, to continue and render more effectual so much of praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and an Act, passed in the 27th year of the reign of his late that they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on agents, and witnesses, the fame. Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the said Harbour:—And,

Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, agents, and Mr. James Gibson being examined, said. That the Truf-witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they tees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have greatly think fit. improved the said Harbour, but find that the Duties

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the thereby granted are inadequate for keeping the said Har-lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said hour in repair, and discharging the money borrowed, and Petition. that the fame requires to be altered and amended: That

the only access to and from the said Harbour is through A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the the Town of Alloa, the streets, lanes, and other public a Petition ®urgh of Dyfart, in Scotland, and of the Persons whose passages whereof are very badly paved, incommodious, and names are thereunto subscribed. Ship Owners and Inha- unsafe for Passengers, and subject to various nuisances and bitants of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and annoyances; and it would be a great convenience to the read; setting forth. That the Harbour of the said Burgh was Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons relorting greatly injured by the violent storms which happened in the thereto, if the said streets, lanes, and passages were pro-course of the last winter, infotnuch that, according to a perly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and aft nuisances and report made by the persons who were appointed to exa- annoyances removed and prevented, and a Market efta-

13 blished

Petition for Leave to pre lent . for repairing Dyfart: Harbour.

HO VJLAr. ill.

19° A prills.

337

e:ve gita.

•‘Hsi

•:;:r,icd

.IS

{r^J

'rffi

¥:i

blished in the said To»vn.—And the Witness further said. That the said Town is very badly supplied with water, and it would tend to the safety, health, and comfort of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if a proper supply of water was procured for their use.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of , and removing and preventing nuisances and obstrudions therein; for establishing a Market in the said Town, and for Applying the Inhabitans thereof with water: And that Sir St. Clair Erskine and General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

linage Mr. George Vanftttart prefetited to the House, according lodofore Bin, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, present"' and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pastures, Common Down, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Immgham Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to bdofureBiU, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-’90fted’ tain Stinted Pasture, called in the Township of

Bamingham, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

tyjmwint. Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more ef-Sf^ing'of*1 fcctual, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His nsv Bridge present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse,

from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite shore in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the Halt Riding of the same County, be read a second time fipon Thursday sevennight, the 28th day of this instant April.

tuition of A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City fc^York, York, of the Trustees of the Navigation of the River ’ Ouse, in the City of York, and of several Merchants, Traders, Mailers, and Owners of Ships and Vessels trading upon the said River, and other Persons interested in the Navigation thereof, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That if the fame should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will tend greatly to injure and impede the said Navigation, and will essentially afled: the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the Clauses and provisions of the said Bill, which in any manner aft'ed the said Navigation, or such rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

j^jindo. Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Lands w"niitfd. lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manorand Parish of Rujhttll, in the County of Hwas read a second time.

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Mr. Pcnruddocke WynJham, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

VOL. 38.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- chickerill nions, and Open and Common Fields, and other Common- inclosure b able Lands and Places within that part of the Parish of commi Chickerill, otherwise Weft Chickerid, which lies within the Tything of Weft Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Mr. Francis John Brown, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the division, CoM Ashtor allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Commons called Free- 1

zing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a piece of Open Pasture Land, part of the said Common, called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Marquis of Worcester, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for j.»ckfnn’< vesting, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Estate settled to the use of and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their lives, and the life of the Survivor, with divers remainders over, in George Bern, and his Heirs, in trust, for the said George Jack/on, and his Heirs, and for substituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burden, Sir Ralph Milbanke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Sir William Weller Pepys, The Lord? and Mr. Ord: have agreed M

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Exchequer , raising thefum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, Blil* Blil> for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and -1

three; without any amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to sir James Sau-enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear i

Admiral Sir James Saumarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for Carmarthen , continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers ^J>^rokf of two several Acts; the one, made and passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Ad " for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high " Road leading from the fourteenth mile stone in the Pa- ,

" rish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through " Llandovery, to Llydad-y-Gzvyn, in the Parish of " vawr, and from thence by Cled/ulch, and over Duless

" Bridge, to the Town of Llandilovazvr, and from the said " Town along the Poll Road, by Rhizvyradar, through the " County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of " Saint Clears, to YavernJ'pite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the

" borders of the County of Pembroke;" the other, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the •,■

laid Ad, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County; for '

discharging the Trustees from the care and management of certain parts of the said Roads; and for making, amend-, ing, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

'J’he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carmarthen for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and new Road? keeping in repair, the Road leading from the North or Bl11* North-weft end of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the 1

Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvetand through the Village of Velindre Shinkin, in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn, in the Parish of Cenarth and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen-, without any Amendment: And also,

4 R The

338

19' Apr

A. 1803.

Ucwberry ndolure Bill,

Veil Rafen inclosure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for powers, of two Act, passed for amehding the Road from dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the ° " "* '

Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground,

in Blewberry, in the County of Berks; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of West

Rafen, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

anders’s Jat. Bill, ommitted.

Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald, to Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Farm, in

the County of York-, and for scouring and dean ling the said Creek or Haven: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Iccond time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Militia Fami. 5th day of this instant April, for taking into further consideration. Tommorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for consolidating and

whom the

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Fami-

Petition of Lifter Manu-arturers of lolton.

naturalizing Chrifian Sanders, was read a second time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Bur land, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the PeHons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Mailer Manufacturers resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of , was presented to the

lies of Militia Men when called out into actual service, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

Lords Amendments to Militia

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into House, and read; taking notice of the application for leave confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 39th and Bill, intituled, An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth officers Bill, 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for settling day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, for Disputes that may arise between Mailers and Workmen en- the more speedy and effectual completion of the Establish-gaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England-, and praying ment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for that the said Law may not be repealed, but that it may be facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, further enlarged and amended, so as to make it effectual to And the said Amendments were read; and are as answer its intent. followeth; viz.

Pr, 2. 1. 34.

,1

|'ing’s Lynn laving and police Bill,

S relented.

ill to amend Idham In-ofure At!*, ommitted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in the Counties of Chester, York, Lancaster, and Derby, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for licensing a certain number of hackney coaches and sedan cluirs to be employed therein, and for fixing and regulating the Fares of the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and for fixing and regulating the Wages to be paid to Porters, and for holding the Saturday and beast markets within the said Borough: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and " Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the " Parish of Pre/hvick-cum Oldham, in the County Palatine " of Lane aft erf was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

appointed ’* to " to,*4

After " Lieutenant" insert " of any " County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or " Place;" and after "or," insert " in " his absence, of."

Pr. 3. I. 34 Leave out " and now is."

Pr. 4. 1. 17. After " Militia," insert " or are serving " at the time as Lieutenant in the Re-! " giment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, " in which such Company is become " vacant."

1. 27. Leave out from in 1. 28.

The laid Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 4. 1. 17. being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 4. 1. 17. being read a second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the first word " or," and inferring the words " including such Officers as," instead thereof; by leaving out the word " Lieutenant," and inserting the word " Lieutenants," instead thereof; and by leaving out the word " such," and inserting the word " any," instead thereof.

And the fame were, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the

o f Lancafire, Mr. Stanley, See. j And they are to meet this Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. The other of the said Amendments being read a second

iefter vi»£, Bill,

mint ted.

Arc.

time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Dill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships, with several

Leave of Absence.

A Bill to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting, paying, and cleansing the

*f streets rows, and passages; providing fire engines and Amendments to one of them; to which Amendments this Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chair- House doth desire the concurrence of their Lord ships.

" men. Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chef-

(i 1er •» so far as the lame relates to maintaining a nightly OThat Mr. Bootle have leave of ab* Watch, lighting and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages, fence for a month, on account illness in his family, within the said City, and for removing and preventing nui- Ordered, That Dr. have leave of absence for fix

lances and annoyances within, and for better regulating and weeks, on urgent private bufinds.

improving the Police of, the said City, was read a Iccond Ordered, That Sir William Elf ord have leave of absence time. for a fortnight, on urgent business.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Nix.Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this The ingrossed Bill for enlarging the period for the pay- Grena&*c' Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ment of part of certain sums of Money advanced by way of ffilr

Loan to icveral Persons connected with, and trading to, the P Mr. Johnflone presented to the House, according to Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was, according to Order,

Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the read the third time.

4 Resolved,

A

Fuv

cr?;rc4.

Lonb

baitoa; o Mila

jr«dta»*i

ti

43 Gr.o. III. 19° Ap, 339

Resolved, That the Bill do pa.Cs :And that the Title be, as such Citizen as aforesaid, nor when he took his feat, pof-An Act for enlarging the period for the payment of part felled of such an estate as would qualify him to be elected of certain sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to fe~ and fit as a Member of Parliament; and that subsequent to veral Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of the said Peter Moore's being called upon by the Sheriffs, of Grenada and Saint Vincent. the said City to verify upon oath his qualification to be re-

Ordered, That Mr. Evan Baillie do carry the Bill to the turned and fit as a Member of Parliament for the said City,

Lords, and desire their concurrence. a majority of legal Voters polled in favour of the said

Frederick Stratton-, and that the said Peter Moore, his agents,

Ctnmittee . Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an and friends, did during the said election, at certain places jppofflwdw Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to cer- in the said City called The Freeschool and County Hall, in ^Jeof tain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in time of Peace. which places Commissioners appointed, according to the Allowance* And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alexander, Mr. Statutes in that cale made and provided, by the Returning Slcerfc1 Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Officers of the said City, to administer to the Electors.of the Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. laid City, the oaths required by divers Acts of Parliament

to be taken by them previous to their voting in theeleftioa Two Petitions, complaining of undue elections and re- of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, lat turns, being offered to be presented to the House, the fame for the purpose of administering such oaths, assemble in a were delivered in at the Table. riotous and tumultuous manner, and, when so assembled,

And the names of the places to which the said Petitions did in a riotous, tumultuous, outrageous, and violent related (being both of them Petitions of the last class men- manner, and by force, obstruct and hinder certain of the tioned in the Resolution of the House of the 24th day of Electors of the said City in the interest of the said George November last) were put into the glass at the Table, and Frederick Stratton from taking such oaths, in violation of drawn by the Clerk, in the following order: the freedom of election; and that the said Peter Moore, his

Country A Petition of William WardEagle, Thomas Latham, James agents, and friends, did also assemble in a riotous and Whittem, William Johnson, Joseph Lant, John Smith, Nathaniel tumultuous manner, during the said election, in the front

fleftor*. Merridcw, Richard Marriott, Samuel Lightbcurn, and William of and around the booth erected by the order of the Perkins, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are ten of Sheriffs of the said City, for the purpose of taking thereat the Electors of the City of Coventry-, and that at the last elec- the votes of the Electors of the said City, and when so at tion of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of sembled, did riotously, tumultuously, and violently, oh*

Coventry, Peter Moore, Esquire, and George Frederick Stratton, struft and hinder certain of the Electors of the said City in Esquire.were candidates to represent the said City; and that the interest of the said George Frederick Stratton, from the said Peter Moore, by himself, his agents, friends, and ma- giving their votes for the said

nagers, and others in his behalf, did, after the teste of the writ and did also, in a riotous, tumultuous, and violent manner, of the said election, and during the said election, and before during the said election, beat, wound, ill-treat, and strip, his election to serve in the present Parliament for the said certain of the Electors of the said City, on their return City of Coventry, give, present, and allow, to divers persons from the said booth, after giving their votes for the said having votes in the said election, money, meat, drink, enter- George Frederick Stratton, in violation of the freedom of tainment, and provisions, and did make presents, gifts, re- election 5 and that the said Peter Moore, his agents, and wards, and entertainments, and promises, agreements, obli- friends, did, during the said election, in violation of the gations, and engagements, to give and allow money, meat, freedom of election, assemble in a riotous, tumultuous, and drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to violent manner* in many parts of the said City, and par-and for such persons, and to and for the use, advantage, ticularly in CroJJcheaping, in the said City, and did violently* benefit, emolument, profit and preferment, of such persons, tumultuously, and riotously, break down and destroy cer-in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Member tain rails, placed up by order of the said Sheriffs in the to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of front of the said booth, for the more easy access of the Coventry, and that the said Peter Moore, before the said elec- Electors of the said City to the said booth to give their tion, and at and during the fame, by himself, his agents, votes in the said election, and did violently assault, abuse, friends, and managers, and others on his behalf, was guilty ill-treat, and' threaten, the said George Frederick Stratton of bribery and corruption, and corrupt practices, in order to and several of his friends, and did also violently assault, his being elected a Member at the said election to serve in beat, wound, and ill-treat, the Magistrates, Constables, and the present Parliament for the said City of Coventry, and other Peace Officers of the said City, legally acting in the that the said Peter Moore, before the said election, and at execution of their office, and for the purpose of preserving and during the fame, by himself, his agents, friends, and and keeping the peace, and giving the Electors of the said managers* and others employed by him on his behalf, did, by City an opportunity of exercising their franchise; and giftsand rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities that, during the said election, divers other mobs assembled', for gifts and rewards, corrupt and procure divers persons to and divers other tumults, riots, and disturbances, took give their votes on the said election for him the said Peter place, by which the poll was obstructed, and well-disposed Moore, and to forbear to give their votes for the said George and quiet Electors of the said City intimidated from voting Frederick Stratton-,all which unlawful and corrupt practices at the said election; and that by thele and other illegal of the said Peter Moore were contrary to the freedom of elec- means the said Peter Moore did procure himself to be tion, to the Standing Orders of the House, and to an Act returned as a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said of Parliament, intituled " An Act for preventing charge City: And therefore praying the House to take their "and expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- case into consideration, and to grant such relief as to the " ment," and have rendered the said election and return of House, in its justice and wisdom, shall feein meet, the said Peter Moore totally null and void; and that divers Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into con-ether Electors for the said City, who would have voted for sideration upon Friday, the 19th day of August next, at the said George Frederick Stratton to have represented the said Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

City in the present Parliament, were prevented from so doing Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl’ue his warrant, or war-

ty means of tumults, rioting, threats, and intimidations, rants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be made and caused by the said Peter Moore, his agents, friends, thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of and managers, during the said election; and that the said the matter of the said Petition.

Peter Moore was not possessed of such an estate, in Law or Equity, in lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as is suffi- A Petition of John Esquire, was read; letting Ilchester

dent to qualify him to serve in Parliament as a Citizen for forth. That at the last Election for Members to serve in 1

the said City, at the time during the said election when he Parliament for the Borough of llchester, in the County of M^Manner*. Was called upon by the Sheriff's of the said City (in pur- Somerset, Sir William Manners, Baronet, Charles Brooke, fuance of a demand in writing to them made for that pur- James Ramsay William Webb, and the Petitioner,

pole, by two of the Electors of the said City) to verify such were Candidates for the said Borough; and that the said qualification upon oath, nor was the said Peter Moore at Charles Brooke, by himself, and his agents, after the teste the time of his said election, nor at the time of his return and issuing of the writ for the election of Members to Vo;,. 58, serve

'340

19*—20°

A. 1803.

serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to, and during the poll for such clc&ion, was guilty of bribery, and. of corrupting and entertaining the Voters, and did give, present, and allow, to certain Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed a right to vote in the election for the fame Borough, meat, drink, and reward, entertainment, and provision, in order

former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their countel, or agents, at the times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken intocon-sideration.

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s moll gra- Part of King*,

uriniu ariu rewuru■ cnicridiiirucnty wnu jjiv/viiioij* iri urucr . n , .. ~ ~ «• /• j Sotcch

to procure him the said Charles Brooke to be elected to serve c.ous Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d

• U i- . r i r j n . % r i dav ot November lair, rmcmt he rcTd. Mercantile

in Parliament for the said Borough, in open defiance of the Laws; and that previous to the lait General Election for the said Borough of llchester, such a iy (tern of corruption was proved, and such instances occurred in which individual acts of bribery were committed, with a view to influence the said Electors, as did (in the judgment of a Committee of the House of Commons, to whose decision the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complaining of the undue return of Thomas Plummer, Esquire, and William Esquire,

was referred) render it incumbent on the said Committee to submit, and they did accordingly submit the fame unto the mod serious consideration of the House of Commons, in order that such proceedings might be instituted thereon as the House in its wisdom might think proper to adopt; and that several persons, Electors of the said Borough, ‘who were named by the said Committee, were by them declared to have received bribes for their votes previous to the lad General Election for the said Borough, and to have been thereby disqualified from voting at the said election, and the votes of such persons were accordingly by the said Committee druck off from the poll, and dilallowed; that the election of the said Thomas Plummer and William Hunter having by the said Committee been declared void, and a new writ having issued for the election of two Members to fill the fame vacancies in the representation of the fame Borough in Parliament, several of the fame persons so disqualified, did, notwithstanding such decision, again, under the influence of the fame bribery, vote at the lad election for the said Charles Brooke, though, as the Petitioner conceives, such persons were disqualified, and incapable of voting at such lad election; and that some of the persons who were permitted to vote and poll for the said Charles Brooke at the said lad election, were not legally qualified to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that many persons duly qualified, who tendered to vote for the Petitioner, were rejected, though they ought to have been admitted to vote, and many other Elcdors duly

day of November lad, might be read. Mercantile

And the lame being read accordingly; tabe'eo^"’*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, re- udereu. ’ solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof so much thereof as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the public Revenue.

Expiring!*

Bin,

committed.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Ad,made in the4ift year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting BritisPlantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 20* die;

Anno 43* Georgii III. U Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR, Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to Edinburgh

whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th,

25th, 29th, and 38th years of 11 is present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other

Road bill, reported.

high Roads in the

qualified to vote were prevented voting for the Petitioner, County of Edinburgh, was committed; and to whom the by bribery, corruption, and threats; and that, previous to Petition of the Persons subscribing. Owners and Occupiers and during the said lad election, the said Charles Brooke of Land in the County of Edinburgh, was referred; That and his agents did give and distribute several large sums of the Committee had heard counlei in support of the said money to several of the Voters of the said Borough, who Petition, and had all’o heard counfei in favour of the said ' ' ' ’ ' 1 - *■ * Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allega-

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be-true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

n. 2:

had or claimed a right to vote at the said election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said Charles Brooke at the said election; and that the said Charles Brooke and his agents were guilty of many gross and notorious acts of bribery and corruption; that many of the persons who to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; voted for the said Charles Brooke were induced so to do by and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in bribery and corruption, whose votes ought therefore to be at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

* A I 1 1 * f* f t 1 Iff. I , t /* /* * 1 ff I aa ./ I U l-« 4 a-© # 4 k < X •% . U _ A _ I _ _ A

/, I

rejected and disallowed; and that by the means aforesaid, and by other illegal and unwarrantable practices and proceedings of the said Charles Brooke, and his agents, the said Charles Brooke procured a colourable majority of votes upon the poll, and was returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who, as he conceives, had a great majority of the legal and uncorrupted votes at the said election, and was duly eledCd, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the premises into considera-■tion, and grant him such relief therein as shall, upon examination, appear to be just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday, the 22d day August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum: la pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in

Ordered, That the said Report consideration upon Friday next.

be taken into further

A Bill for railing, and securing a Fund for making provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty’s Signet in Scotland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill respectinf

Writers to the Signet in , Scotland, committed*

Sir John Frederick ^presented to the House, according to Gndalminp, Order, a Bill for dividing, a Totting, and inclosing, the &c: jBC,o("re Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors of Godal- presented. ming and Cattjhull, in the several Parishes of Godalming, Chiddingfold, Haslemere, and Compton, in the County of

Surrey:And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Petition of unto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers of Comm Ms-Cotton Goods in the Town and neighbourhood of , "f chorle"

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and readtaking notice of the application for

leave

-h

•4

<• 'h

'"■4

yi

At

' M

S

vjeu. xii.

20° Aprilis.

341

ffct.it

met-

ttatitjie

».*

bectto,

Mi

leave to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to the Cities of 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for London and and Borough of and

settling Diljputes that may arite between Mailers and Work- Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles men engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England: And of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London, and praying, That such Bill may pass into a Law. to amend the said Acts: And that Sir ‘'John

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in the Counties of York,

Anderson and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Bradden ii

n r;*r In

tflflCi

fender's Nat.

Bill reported, and piled.

Lam after , and Derby, is referred: And that they do exa- mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable mine the matter of this Petition j and report the fame, as 1 ~ ‘

it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing ChristianSanders, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. William Adams do carry the Bill to

Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins,

Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Burton Lat-and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Mea- ^eiB{|,]cl0' dows, Pallures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or committed. Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins,

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, to the fame, without any Amendment. at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

De Iomrh’t Kit. Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maurice de lough, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee o: continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Roads Bill, Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in to fend for •; repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through pers^and^*«

- Record*

Petition of leather Wanufrc-Hirers. &c. of London, reported.

rd

wich, to Spadcfbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromf-grove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein -Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, mentioned, is committed, have Power to lend for persons, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names papers, and records, are thereunder written, being the Curriers, Lea ther-d re tiers.

Leather-fellers, Shoe-makers, Sadlers, and other Persons A Petition of Company: And also. Petitions of

concerned in manufacturing, cutting, and uling of Leather, A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto refid^nt in or near the City of London, was referred; That subscribed. Owners of Lands and Houses in the County of land’owner: the Committee had examined the matter of the said Peti- Stirling, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Falkirk and &c. against: tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap- Larbert, in the County aforesaid: And likewise, itods'liiJl.:

peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Another Petition of the Persons, whose names are there-Jiis place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s unto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Houses in the ~ ’ " " County of Stirling, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of

Falkirk and Larbert, in the County aforesaid; j

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an A<fl

ir. 1 .1 .1 . 1 ...l c u:, __

I’jv*

passed in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign, and also an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the said reign, for preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, were read; whereby it appeared, that the said Acts did not extend to the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties thereof, or to any places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London:—And,

Mr. Thomas Cuff being examined, laid, That the said Acts have, as far as they extend, been found very beneficial, by having increased the quantity of good lerviceable Leather, but the exemption contained therein has rendered the benefits intended to have been produced, much less effective than they would have been if the provisions had extended throughout the kingdom, and more especially that of the prohibition of the use of Horle Hides, which, in the present mode of dressing, are become extremely useful in making boots and shoes.—And the Witness further said

taking notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling-, and setting forth, That the interests of the Petitioners will be materially affected by many of the Clauses of the aforesaid Bill, if the fame should pass into a Law, and particularly by those Clauses which regulate and fix the Rates, and provide for the appropriation of the statute labour: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against: the Clauses in the said Bill, by which their interests may be afteCled.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the conficleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

V.

lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

That the trade has long tuftered seriouslofsand injury, from mittee. That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the the wilful and negligent cutting and galhing of hides and r,-,. r,

Ikins in the flaying thereof: That the extending the provisions of the said Acts to the Cities of London and Wefmin-

fj, and the Borough of Southwark, and to places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of London, subject to such regulations as may appear necessary, will be very Ordered, That Mr. Lawrence Dundas be added to the Member beneficial. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a 1°brir

Mr. Samuel Jackfou, being also examined, confirmed the Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several indofure Bi!

above evidence. Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed. Owners

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to extend and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates,

the provisions of two Acts, passed in the 39th and 40th within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the Weft

years, and in the 41ft year, of the reign of His present Riding of the County of York.

Majesty, relating to the use of Horle Hides, in making Mr. Lawrence Dundas presented to the House, according Bill present* Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Vol. 58. 4.S Opea

342

20° Aprilis.

A. 1803.

Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding to be warehoused, be now read.

of the County of York: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a i'econd time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was

Paving A&.

Vtition again tl

nit'o/sheer- presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the ids pier and Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, as authorizes the Commissioners, or any person or persons therein named, to take or carry away any gravel, stones, ballast, sand, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Aljl, Lord of the Manor of

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Committee Estimate of the expence of Allowances to be made to Ad-jutantsand Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in nnteofalbw-

in the said Me of Sheppy, within or near the limits to which pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His aiKe310 Art

the regulations of the said Act extend, without paying any present Majesty’s reign:

Day appointed for i'econd Reading.

Hanney In* fclosure Bill, jpiefented.

thing lor the fame; and setting forth, That, it the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will not only be of great prejudice to the Petitioners, as Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the said Act, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel or agents, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill; and that the lame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counlcl be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day sevennight.

jutants, &c.of Militia.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Secretary at War, &c.: and they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for di- Bamingham viding, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, called 'flu Cow C/cfc, in the Township of Bamingham, in the North Riding of the County of York, be now read the third time.

Mr. John Smyth (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Mr. George Vanjittart presented to the House, according Stinted Pasture, called The Cow Close, in the Township of

Committee on prish Revenue

ViiL

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow', Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Parish of Weft Harney, in the County of Berks: And the fame w'as received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Bamingham, in the North Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into specialRepnrr further consideration the Report which was made from the {^efiioT Select Committee, appointed to' try and determine the committee, merits of the Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire; and farthercon* also, of the Petitions of the several other Persons, complain- ere ing of an undue election and return for the Town and

relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon County of the Town of Nottingham.

the Bill to continue several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in and for

preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; W’hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And the first Ilesolution of the Committee, being read a second time, w'as postponed.

The second, third, and fourth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second time, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second time, were postponed.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Bill ordered more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the freedom of Election, in the Town of Nottingham. and County of the said Town; And that Mr. H Browne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Penruddoche Wyndham, Mr. Peter La Touche,

•nve of bicucc.

Mr. Baker, Mr. King, Mr Farquhar, Mr Touche,

Mr. Afliley, Mr. Garthfhore, Mr. IVa Ifh, Lord Granville Ordered, That Sir James Montgomery have leave of ab- vefon Gower, Mr. Kingston, Mr. John Bagwell, and Mr. Byng, fence for six weeks, on account of the death of a near rcla- do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tion. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not ill he his warrant, for New Writ

Ordered, That Sir Robert Peel have leave ofabfence for a the making out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to -^4 * month, on urgent private business; he having served upon serve in Parliament for the said Town and County of the the Select Committee for trial of the Berwick-upon-Txveed Town of Nottingham, before the 1 ith day of May next.

Election.'

Ordered, That Mr. Tumor have leave of absence for six weeks, on urgent private business; there being a Petition complaining of his election a'nd return.

inn tree on

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to inngL.aw rcf0jve jntx> a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain, Du tics on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting Plantation Sugar to be

warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, according Nottingham to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preserving the Peape, and securing the freedom of Election, in the Town prcie"' of Nottingham, and County of the said Town: And the lamp Was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon. this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

_ _ Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accoynti

Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar count of the Quantity of Cotton T arn and Twill im- co»on,n*

ported ordered.

■A

,-r.

C tized b

43 Geo. III.

ported info this Country from India, from the year 1750 to 1780, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of India Cotton Yarn and Twill, exported from this Country', from the year 1750 to 1780, inclusive; distinguishing each year, and the several countries to which they were exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of India Cotton Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year, and the several countries to which they were exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of Cotton Goods exported

from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distin-guilhingeach year, and the several countries to which they were exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cotton Wool imported into this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cotton Goods printed in this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of printed Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon printed Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties received on Cotton Twill and

Yarn imported into Ireland, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

The other Orders of the day being read; toppir. Refohed, That tin’s House will, upon Friday next, resolve crft' itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wjyund Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve *Anwl. Bself ’nt0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

343

Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A Member present informed the Committee, That the failure of the crops in the year 1799 and 1800, brought on such a Icarcity of Corn and other articles of provision, as to rajle the moll alarming apprehension of an absolute famine in the City of G/afgou>and neighbourhood, which was greatly increased by a llagnation of manufactures unfortunately taking place at the lame time; that, to alleviate so great a calamity, and to preserve the lower dalles of the Inhabitants from perishing through want, large sums of money were bellowed in charity, and in establishing Soup Kitchens, and buying provisions for the Poor; that it nevertheless soon became evident these modes of relief were not alone sufficient, but that large supplies of Corn must be imported from Foreign parts, at a very heavy expence, and. with a certain loss; that, in prosecution of this plan, dictated by the moll urgent and immediate ne-cellity, and to prevent riots and commotions, the then Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, advanced large sums of money, and incurred a heavy debt, which the Petitioners have no means of dil'charging from the ordinary funds of the City.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repaying to the Community of the City of the mo-

nies advanced for supplying the poor Inhabitants of the said City with Corn, Meal, and other articles of provision,

during the scarcity in the years 1799 and 1800: And that Mr. Boyd Alexander and Mr. MDozvall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. M‘Dowa/l reported from the Committee, to whom Glasgow the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two A<fls, Roaf's . passed in the 14th and 3 2d years of His present Majesty’s r<-i>0 reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgozv to Taker Bridge, and the Road of communication between the fame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found 1 i

the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1

Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon [

the Question fevevally put thereupon, were agreed to by f

the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

(20°~—210 April is.

GWtow

1 tatre Kpcrttd,

Jovis, 21° die Aprilis;

Anno 43° Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

"\/l Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to 1. ' lYJL whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant tatters Patent lor establishing a Theatre in the City of Glofcow, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

A Petition of the Baillies and Town Council of the Greenock Burgh of Barony of Greenock, Trustees appointed for im- Harbours,& proving the Harbours of Greenock, and oi the several Inha- Petition! bitants of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in the present Session, the Petitioners have presented a Petition to the House, praying for leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Trustees for the improvement of the Harbours of Greenock to build and erect warehouses, and for effectuating the other pur poles in the said Petition mentioned; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit and advantage of the Town of Greenock, and the trade and shipping thereof, if, in addition to the purposes in the said Petition specified, the Trustees for the improvement of the Harbours were enabled, out of the Rates and Duties by the former Acts

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally imposed, to fill up, embank, and secure the Ihore ground

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

r* Boyd Alexander reported from the Committee, to

the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Spotted. Town Council, of the-City of Glc/fgozv, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Peti-hon, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ln Bh place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Yot. S8.

acquired or to be acquired by the said Trustees, to build one or more dry Docks within the said Harbours, as shall be deemed necessary; to make and establish entrances from the said Town to the new Harbours, and lanes of communication to and from the warehouses built or to be built adjoining to the fame; to sell and dispose of such dry Docks, and of such parts of the Ihore ground, and other property, convenient for building, as to the said Trustees shall appear expedient, under certain regulations; and that it would tend greatly to the good government of the said Town, of Greenock, if the Baillies thereof were authorized

J

344

21* Apr.

A. 1803.

rized to exercise the fame jurisdiction over the fame that is Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. competent to the Baillies of the Burghs of Barony and Mr. Harvey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Regality within Scotland, which at and preceding the passing at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, of an Act:, in the 20th year of the reign of King George the

Second, for taking away and abolishing the heritable juris- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of didions in that part of Great Britain cai'ed Scotland, were unto subscribed. Mortgagees of the Tolls arising on the independent of the Lord of Regality or Baron; and that Turnpike Roads, in the County of IVor after, ;n° wo-cdter

it would be of advantage to the Community, if the ac- was presented to the House, and read; taking notice ot and Droitwidi counts of the funds of the said Town, and of the respective the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en-Trustees by former Acts appointed, were kept separate, larging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of and put under certain regulations: And therefore praying, the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually That provision may be made for the purposes aforesaid, in amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City the Bill that may be brought into the House in pu.luance of Wthrough Droitwich, to Spadejhourne Bridge, of the before-mentioned Petition. within the Parish of in the County of Wor-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- cester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and setting sideration of the Committee, to whom the former Petition forth. That there is now dueand owing, on divers mort-of the said several Persons is referred: And that they do gages of the said Tolls, the principal lum of £■ 6,806, examine the matter of this Petition, and report the fame, with an arrear of interest thereon; and that the preknt as it shall appear to them, to the House. income arising from the said Tolls is not fulficicnfc to dil-

charge the said debt, and to keep the said Roads in proper ,!>kby Mr. Chaplinpresented to the House, according to Order, order and repair; and that the Petitioners are informed

'eicniedBlll> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and that an application is now making for varying the said Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Bill, and to divide the said Roads into distinct and separate Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saleby, with Thoref- funds, which, the Petitioners conceive, would be highly thorpt, in the County of Lincoln: And the lame was re- injurious to their interclls: And therefore expressing their ceived; and read the fil'd time. dissent to such division; and praying, That the said Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Prill

Prill

nd t(

hi: ite ti:

fe

AI

siiie roa of

-E

!:oneT,

ILrr

licirai

fsEt

[rail

ioriui

emion for ‘pairing Dyftit larbour,

: ported*

Sir James St. Clair Erjkinereported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Dyfart, in Scotland, and of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subsenbed, Ship Owners and Inhabitants of the said Burgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

y.

fclh:

ko.:

Lords

place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; in the County of

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ind-v/ure Bill, and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and agreed to. Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

.J ....

"Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A Member present informed the Committee, That the Harbour of Dyfart was greatly injured by the violent storms which happened in the courte of the lall winter, inso much that, according to a Report made by the persons who were appointed to examine the state thereof, in the month of March last, it appears that the Pier thereof, called 7he East Head, is in danger of falling, unless it shall be imme

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 36. After " taken," insert " and into which " such streams, iprings, and.water-" courles, shall be turned."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, up<in the Question put thereupon, agreed to by ihc House.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that 11 is House

tliately repaired: That the said Harbour, which is of great hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. is dangerous from the present direction and

importance,

situation of the said Pier, called The East and that,

in order to render the fame safe, it is necessary to extend the said Pier farther westward, and to make such other improvements upon the said Harbour as may appear to be necessary: That, to raise the money necessary for repairing the said damage, and foT improving the said Harbour, it

The House being informed that Mr. Woodforde, from Account, the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; t,rilaUcl1 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, between the 3th January

will be expedient to renew an Act, which was patlkd in 1802 and the 3th April 1803; distinguishing each Quar-the 26th year of the reign of his late Majesty, by which ter: And also.

a Duty of Two Pennies Scots was imposed on every Scots pint of Beer and Ale brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the said Burgh and Liberties thereof; and by extending the fame over certain other places adjoining to the said Burgh; and also to increase certain Shore Dues now levied upon vessels coming into the said Harbour, and other Dues payable upon articles and commodities exported from, and imported into, the said Harbour.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, improving, and preferring, the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife: And that Sir James St. Clair -Erskine and Sir William Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Permanent Taxes, n r the Quarters ended the 5th January and 5th Taxe*‘ April 1803; distinguishing each Quarter.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

> Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order,

i presented. a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and v Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County

Ordered, That Mr. Brod'te have leave of absence for a Leave of fortnight, on account of the illness of a near relation; he Al>ltuU’ having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the East Grinfted Lkftion.

ItegenYvam Church BU\, ftwimuUtd'

Mr. Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, wuitecV,^1 of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging time. the powers, of an Act, pafi’ed in the 23th year of the reign P

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in re-

pair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County A Bill for the more effectually repairing the Parish of , to Shenfield, and the furthermost part of the

Church of Dagenham, in the County of Eft ex, was read a Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Cause-second time. way in the Barilla of Low Layton to the end of the said

13 Parish

kjjOjU* 111.

Ikhcfter Kiri ion— prnrion of Mr. Webb.

*21° Apr ills

Parish of Woodford, next Chigwe!!, and through the and particularly of the Act against Treating, and the Act

Pari (lies of Chigtvell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; for more effedually preventing Bribery and Corruption in and for lighting and watching the said Road from White- the election of Members to serve in Parliament: And chapel Church to the four mile (tones in the Rumford and therefore praying the House to take the premises into Woodfotd Roads: And the fame was received; and read conf deration, and to grant unto him such relief therein as the first time. to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday, the 22d day of August next, at A Petition of William Webb, Esquire, was delivered in the lame time that the Petition of John , Esquire,

at the Table, and read; letting forth. That at the lall Elec- is ordered to be taken into consideration.

tion of Members to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough of Uchester, in the County of Charles

Broeke, Esquire, Sir William Manners, Baronet, John Manners, Esquire, James Ramsay Cathbert, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, Esquire, by themselves and their agents, and others on their behalf, before and during the said election, and before and during the poll taken at the said election, were guilty of bribery and corruption of the Electors of the said Borough, to give their votes for them the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, and

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were lent to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be

to refule and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, thought necessary, by the several parties, on the hearing of and of attempting to bribe and corrupt the Eledors of the the matter of the said Petition.

said Borough, to give their votes for the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, and to refuse and forbear to give their votes for the Petitioner, in order that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners might be returned Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Sir William Manners and

The Lords have agreed U

The Amendments to thei Amendment!

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Amendments made by the Lords to the John Manners, by themselves, their agents, and managers, Bill, intituled, An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth to'GT;m and by other persons on their behalf, at and during the day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, for officers Bill.f laid late election, and previous to the lame, did, by gifts the more speecly and effectual completion of the Establish-

and rewards, and by promises, gifts, and securites for gifts ment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for and rewards, and by meat, drink, entertainment, and facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein, provision, and by promises and engagements to give and And then the Messengers withdrew, allow meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, corrupt

and procure, and attempt to corrupt and procure, and did, Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Wilton by threats, influence, and attempt to influence, divers per- to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ^lofureBil fons, being Electors of the said Borough, to give their votes Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, picene at the said election for the said Sir William Manners and and Wastes, within the Townships of Wilton,

Lackenby, and West Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of f ork: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

John Manners, that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners might be elected and returned Members to fit in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and also did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, and by meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and by t romiles and engagements to give and allow meat, drink, entertainment, and pro-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to amen", reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the *-3ws !j vision, corrupt and procure, and attempt to corrupt and the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms,

procure, and did, by threats, influence, and attempt to in- and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Persons, | fluence, divers persons, being Electors of the said Borough, Benefices, be now read. committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

to refute and forbear to give their votes at the said election for the Petitioner, that the said Sir William Manners and John Manners might be elected and returned Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that James Curry, Esquire, the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, did, at and during the said election, act erroneoully, and without sufficient information, in the execution of his office as such Returning Officer, and did, at the poll, through mistake and error, reject the votes of many persons having a right to vote at the said election, and who tendered their votes at the said election for the

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committes resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to partofK.ii consider of i'o much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech fj^ngto

Petitioner, and which votes the said James Curry, as such to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of November Mercantil

Returning Officer at the said election, ought to have received and admitted on the poll, and did, through the like mistake and error, at the said election, receive and admit on the poll, for the said Sir William Manners and John Manners, the votes of many persons who had no right to vote at the said election, and which votes he the said James Curry, as such Returning Officer, ought to have rejected; and that, by the above-stated and various other unlawful means, the said Sir William Manners and John

last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all Tr»niactt< the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

Manners obtained a colourable majority over the Petitioner had made a progress in the matter to them referred; and of votes on the poll at the said election, and the said Sir that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they William Manners was returned to serve in this present Par- may have leave to fit again.

liameru for the said Borough in prejudice of the Petitioner, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday seven-who was duly elected by a majority of legal votes over the night, the 2d day of May next, resolve itself into a Com-said Sir William Manners and John Manners, and ought to mittee of the whole House, to consider further of so much have been returned, and in manifest violation of the rights of His Majesty’s most. gracious Speech to' both Houses of privileges of the legal Eiedtors of the said Borough, Parliament, of the 23d-day of November last, as relates in open defiance of the Laws and freedom of election, to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the facility and Vol. 58. 4 T accommodation

A. 1803.

346

21"—22° Aprilis.

accommodation that may be confident with the security ' of the Public Revenue.

th Revenue Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from ortvd. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, was committed.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That lire Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one •, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

pi nag Law

Kill,

lorted*

morrow.

Veneris, 22° die Aprilis;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Qv.anne, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Mint Black Rod: toBlUs"

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do del ire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. '

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wa/es, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Rojslyny and the Lord ttraljingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Satonarez, Baronet, and Knight of the Mofl honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has performed on various occasions:

I The Lords nave agreed to

1

•American

An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth day of March A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Strat- one thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy

for^ and effectual completion of the Establishment of Officers

Mr. Speaker, ... in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ^An Act filling up Vacancies therein:

.ommiflwnm f0f appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of under the Convention made between His Majesty and the America, under the Convention made between His Majesty; . laid United States, among the Persons having claims to and the said United States, among the l’ersons having

Compensation out of such Money; without any Amend- claims to Compensation out of such Money:

.unatics V.tate Bill, jmraitted.

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively, and the granting ot Leases of the fame, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several Acts; the one, made and passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and " keeping in repair, the high Road leading from the four-" teenth mile stone in the Parish of , in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad-y-" Gzvxn, in the Parish of Llandilovazvr, and from thence " by Cledfnlch, and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of

" Llandilovavor, and from the said Town along the Poll

‘ Road by Rhhvyradar, through the County of the Bo-‘ rough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to " ‘Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the County of Pembrokethe other, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Truflxes from the care and management of certain parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other Roads within the said County:

An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the North or North-weft end of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of x Cottwilf

4;

the

toil

d

A

i:' lli G;& At c:C ax c

, M:

jT

L:j’

L V /

till

E

iZ: Ik

:C)

Mr)

00°

\J HU* ±11.

Conzvi'l Elvet, in the Parish of Conwtll and through the Village of Felindre Sfinikin, in the Parish of Penboir,

to the Town of Newcastle Ernlynin the Parish of Cenartk, and feveiaj oilier Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Corhmon Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in B/ewberry, in the County of Berks:

April is.

347

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby. /

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County

Norton Inclos'ure! presented.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Ings, time.

Lincoln

and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wefi Rafien, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for naturalizing Christian Sanders.

Mr. Ellison presented to the House, according to Order, bciofiif*Bill, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open presented. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Saint Nicholas, and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Saint

le-Wigford, Saint Martin and Saint Swithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret as lies within the said City, and for setting out and appro-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Let- Glasgow ters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of 11

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of

Ordered, That Mr. M Dozva/l do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the term and powers of Glasgow priating certain Lands within the said City as a Common two Acts, passed in the 14th and 32d years of His present Rg?|jls Pallure, for the purposes therein mentioned: And the Majesty’s reign, for more elsedually making and repairing paflv'l.

the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Road of communication between the fame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, was read the third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

the purposes therein mentioned fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bili be read a second time.

Boultfom Mr. Ellison presented to the House, according to Order,

pSed8'11, a for dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts,

and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boultham, otherwise Bo/tham, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

passed in the fourteenth and present Majesty’s reign, for more repairing the Road from the

thirty-second years of His effectually making and City of Glasgow to Yoker

Bat, See. Filbery Bill, pretested.

Mr. William Adams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend two Acts, palfed in the 13th year of the reign of King the First, and in

the 13th year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Teing, Dart, and Plytn, in the County of Devon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bridge, and the Road of communicati'an between the fame, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

Ordered, That Mr. RPDozvall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Grampound Road Bill, passed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- petition of unto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers of Cctt-n M4- , Cotton Goods in the Town and Neighbourhood of Wigan, ° 1

in the County Palatine of was presented to the

House, and read; taking notice of the application for leave,

to bring in a Bill for repea'ing an Act, passed in the 39th;

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for tet-and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the ill and tling Disputes that may arile between Mailers and Work-21ft years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing men engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England: And;

and widening the Road leading from the Eallernend of the praying. That such Bill maypafs into a Law. ,1

Borough of Gramfonnd, in the County of Cornwall, through Order, That the said Petition be referred to the con* I

the Towns of Saint Auftell and Lofiwithiel, and thence to sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the i

the East end of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the said Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in County, was read the third time. the Cotton Manufacture in the Counties of Chester, York,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to Lancaster, and Derby, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 7. After " to," to insert " reduce."

1. 20. After " occasion," to insert " and to raise " the fame again."

1. 22. After " Act," to insert " and provided such " reduction be with the consent of five-" sixth parts in value of the several per-" fons who shall have advanced any money on the credit of such Tolls.

Petition of Land Owner &c again it Long Preitoa

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners, Farmers, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, near to the line of the intended Turnpike Road from the Township of Marfden, in the Roads Bill. County of Lancaster, through ,to Long Prefion, in

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe- taking notice of the Bill for amending, altering, and keep-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the ingin repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road between Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Town of Gisburn, in the West Riding of the County of the powers, of two Acts, palfed in the first and twenty- York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from first years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long ^nd widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Prefion, in the said County of And praying. That

Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through Clauses may be inserted therein for exempting all persons the Towns of Saint Aufiell and Lofiwithiel, and thence to from being liable to pay at any of the Turnpike Gates the East end of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the fame without having passed upon the laic! Turnpike Road for County. the distance of six hundred yards for preventing the Truf-

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor do carry the Bill to the Lords, tees from exacting more than a reasonable Toll upon the and desire their concurrence. said Turnpike Road; and that the Tolls may be apportioned

according to the distance on which such intended T urn-OriereJ, That Mr. Howard be added to the Gentlemen, pike Road shall be travelled or passed

,lull appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant

t0t^e Prayet of the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are subscribed, being interested in the several Com-v«». 58.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition

348

22" Ap

A. 1803.

4J

tion ecting ices [‘or icon, ter, &c. ioiure.

A Petition of Sir John Legard, Baronet, and William sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Legard, Clerk, the only Persons interested in the Lands and Corporation for improving the Townand Harbour of Sligo,

Grounds hereinaftermentioned, was presented to the House, and of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of and read; letting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted the said Town of is referred: And that they do cxa-by the House on the j.th day of March iaft, notices have mine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it been given on the doors of the Parish Churches of Gantonlhall appear to them, to the House, and Wilier by, in the County of York, on three Sundays in

the said month of March, of an application having been A Petition of John Pollock, Deputy Clerk of the Com- Petition of made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for dividing mon Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in c°llockof and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and Waste Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; taking Exchequer°u» Grounds, within the lownships of Ganton and Potter notice of the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Ireland for Brampton, in the Parish of Ganton aforesaid, and Binnington, Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, ^mpenktion. within the Parish of Wilier by aforesaid, and for making a in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom compensation for the Tythes within the said Townships of called Ireland, more beneficial, and all'o to prevent frivolous Ganton and Potter Brompton, in suchand the like manner as and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act,

passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for Trials by in the

" City and County of Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to

notices are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, and preserving Lands: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

compelling the

i;o Harbour id Paving lditional 2Ution.

£:> :v:r v..:n

1 A:

he

Mr.':

fa

yd

fes

Ad;

Six

Lei

fa

appearance of Defendants in personal Actions: And praying, That in calc the fame should [

pals into a Law, the Petitioner may receive a reasonable And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry LaJ'celles, compensation for the lolles he may sustain thereby.

Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

fend for persons, papers, and records. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Edinburgh

ther consideration the Bcport which was made from the defered*11’

A Petition of John Gray, on behalf of himself and others, Committee, to whom the Bill for aolarging and altering the Inhabitants of the Town of S/igo, in the County of Sligo, powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th application for leave to bring in a Bill for repealing a cer- 24th, 25th, 29th, and ?8ih years of His present Majesty’s tain Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 3d year reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in of the reign of his late Majesty, so far as the fame relates the County of was committed, be now read. -

to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, and for repealing another And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-the reign of His present Majesty, and making better pro- fvderation upon Monday next, vision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better regu - Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Estimate of lation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof; to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to Allowances to and setting forth, That it would be attended with great be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in officers, convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if provi- time of Peace; That the Committee had prepared an Efti- reported, lion was made in the said intended Bill for regulating the mate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to Porters and Carters working for hire within the said Town: the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

And therefore praying, That prcvision may be made therein wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame for such purpose. was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

lb

by;

n-:

1st*,

•J ft--.

h

E

r

•t.\;

C:-

E ST IM AT E of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

To 479 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the late War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £. 25. per annum, respectively, in addition to the Pay usually provided for their attendance at the place of Monthly Exercise -

To 173 Ensigns who shall have so served, an Allowance of £.20. per annum, respectively -

1L975 -

3,460-----

£>• *5.435

Bftimate of Allowances to Adjutants,

See. of MUiua, reported.

A

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. years of His present Majesty’s reign; That the Committee

had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed directed him to report to the House; and he read the to prepare an Estimate of the expence of allowances to be Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follow-disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th eth;

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances, to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty’s Reign.

The number of Militia Corps either totally reduced, or in which a reduction has taken place, amounts to 56.—The number of Adjutants and Serjeant Majors necessary to provide for, estimated at the rate of £.54. 15 s. for each Adjutant, and £.24. 155. for each Serjeant Major, the expence of the whole, for the year 1803, will be - -

c

s.

4.45*

Ordered,

*tO UrfjU. 111.

22° Apn

flwfnittre

appointed to

conuder of

repairing

County

Bridges*

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Inwards and cleared Outwards in Great in the

three years ending the 5th January 1793* in the throe Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of years ending the 5th January 1802, and in the last year; giving powers to Justices of the Peace for more effectually distinguishing each year, and distinguishing the Ports of repairing County bridges; and to report the lame, together London, Liverpool, Hull,

taucr

Poi-tf"

Gk-i

»'r

few* I

with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed Lord son Gower, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Wood, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. IVynn, Mr. DickinJMr. Dundas of -filire, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hobhouse, Sir Martin Browne Folkes,

Air. Smith of Nonvich, Mr. Savile, Mr. Golding, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Dallas, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire,

Glasgow, and Leith, House.

be printed for the Members of the

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjoummi House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

law of hi&ux.

10.,

34

foirinp Law M, faffed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into SpedaiRep Alt. Henry Lafcel/es, Mr. Bur don-, and all the Knights for further confederation the Report, which was made from the Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Kobe, in the House: Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Committee

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at merits of the Petition of Sir Manners, Baronet, con

complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of llchester, in the County of Somerset,

And the first Resolution of the Committee being read a second times

Resolved, That such a system of corruption was formed.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Boyle have leave of ab- and such instances of individual acts of bribery were corn-fence for six weeks, on urgent private business; he having mitted, previous to the iaid election, with a view to in-served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Greatfluence the lame, as to render it necessary that the fame be Grimsby election. taken into the moll serious consideration of this House, and

Ordered, That Mr. Huffey have further leave of absence that further proceedings should be instituted thereon, for a month, on account of the continued illness of a near The second Resolution of the Committee being read a

second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The third Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

.r&:-

'!®

relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Handcockhave leave of absence for six weeks, on urgent private business; he having ftrved upon the Select Committee for Trial of the election for the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill, to continue, for a time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plan- proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee tation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and in the said Resolution;

allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repeal- And the previous question being put. That that Ques-ing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing tion be now put;

British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, be now read. It passed in the Negative.

And the said Order being read accordingly; The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being

The said Bill was read the third time. read a second time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. And a Motion being made, and the Question being An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, in the said Resolution;

made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present And the previous Question being put. That that Ques- Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee tion be now put; exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be It passed in the Negative.

warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Re-

on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on port be adjourned till Monday, the 9th day of May next.

Mb Rrvenue

Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Su gar to be warehoused.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrofil'd Bill, to continue several Acts for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, several

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, be now read. /

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Acts of Parliament for the better collection and security thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

Bui to anit;i the Laws re lating to bp ritual Perfo

of:

Mttt'CTnnd ‘ JIH- of fnattd.

of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Fords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Account of the number and Tonnage of Vessels built and registered in Great Britain, in the three years ending 5th January 1793, in the three years ending 5th January 180a, and in the last year; distinguishing each year, and distinguishing the Ports of London, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgow, and Leith:—And also, the Account of the number of Vessels, thetr Tonnage, and number of Men, that entered VOL. 58.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Report* mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with vhe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further J consideration upon Tuesday levennight, the 3d day of j May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Com- j mittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

4 U The

350

22—25° Jpri/is.

A. 1803.

vey of the ilts &c. of tland* rred to a nmittee.

Supply,

eferred.

.Vays and vTeans, i eferred.

dlr.nliop In-flohirt iiill, •reported.

I'

The House was moved, That the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of made by the command, of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, which was presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command, upon the 5th day of this instant April, might. be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Survey and Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, with their observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed ot Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr: Campbell, Mr.

Wilberforce, the Marquis of Douglas, the I ,ord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Ham General Mackenzie, Mr. Burdon, the Earl of Dalkeith, Mr. John Claudius Beresford, Mr. Charles Grant, Sir Robert Peel, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. David Mr.

cester, Mr. Pattejon, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Nicholas Vanfitlart,

Mr. Evan Baillie, Sir William , Mr. John Scott:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Ijuicv, 25° die;

Anno 430 Georgii III1* Regis, 1803. Prayers.

MR. Praedreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanjlop, otherwise Hanjlope, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the.Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 166 acres 2 roods and 2 perches of land, who refuled to sign the Bill; and that the whole property intended to be inclosed conlifts of 1,168 acres and 17 perches; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the , Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, having right of common on that part ot a certain tract of Common or Waste Land called 7he Pease Marsh, situate within the Manors of and which lies within the Parish of in the County of

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing that part of the Common or Waste Land, called 7’he Marsh, which lies within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Pa-rifli of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford, and within the Manor

of Pcljled, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey-, and letting forth, That, since the application to Parliament for a Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid has been made, the Petitioners have discovered that a iiuall part of the said Manor of lies within the said

Parish of Shalford, on the church door of which Parish no notice had been given of the said application: And ihcrefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing lo much of the said trad of Common or Waste Land as lies within the said Parish of Shalford; and that the Petitioners may have leave to give such notice for three Sundays in the present month of April, or in the month of May next.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Petition for Provisioii in Peale Marsh Incloiuic JBiU.

Ax, f;:n 1 v.,."

irW-

r '<

J

7;?.. 71

I':;

Woke’ine Tn* rlofure Bilij ireftrited.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Tything of Sutton, next Wdkeing, in the Parish of Wokeing, in the County of Surrey: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- Gotlalmintr, mons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Godalming &cg;i"clomfe and Catt/hull, in the several Pari (lies of Godalming, C/adding- committed.

fold, Hajkmere, and Compton, in the County of Surrey, was

read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John derick, Lord William Russell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor coinmitu-d. and Township ot Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, and Emitted. Wastes, within the Townships of Wilton, Lackenby,

and West Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of

York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ’Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in if veratty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common committed. Meadow, Common Failure, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of Erf ilannoy, in the Parish of Weji Harney, in the County of Berks, was read

a lccond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Vanjitlart, Mr. Dundasof Berkshire, See.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, 4t Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

aC

'■ I;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Village of Burton

Let timer , in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Bu in the County of

Petition ot Inlttfcit.»nw, a olt Hutton

kut'ener tn-cUuts Bill-

il4,i fct

43 Geo.

25° Apr

351

o f Northampton-,anil fitting forth, That it will takeaway Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen from the Poor a Wold or Common of nearly Sooacres, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England; and which provides them with fuel, and sustenance for their setting forth. That the Laws in force, previous to the cattle, and for which there is no probability that an passing of the said Act, were sufficiently effective to decide adequate compensation will be made to them: And there- and lettle any disputes that might arise between the fore praying. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, Matters and their Servants, and with less inconvenience unless with the exception of the above-mentioned Common, and expence to the parties; and that the said Act has Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- been productive of much trouble and expence, and of no

gtfmiTh In-iirt f>:U, ;tyurtfd.

Whitech :?r?l Road Bill; committed.

Potion > rating N: iti fur si, I iMtolHar-1 t/jraad

lideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr.Burden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, tttuate within the Manor of Beamif.',otherwise Beamish 'ark, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, and County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee h id examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied wirii; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Ijj!.,tuition of the Committee;

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directi\l him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his piacc; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common leal, of the A Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour Kinross Roads Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of Merchant Ven- in the County of and for mm'c effectually making Rill, commit-

turers of the said City, under their common foal, and of and repairing the Highways within the said County, was u the several other Persons, whoso names arc thereunto sub- read a second time.

feribed, refilling in or near the said City, was presented to Resolve That the Bill be committed to Sir James St. the House, and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of Clair Sir Sec.: And they are to

leave granted by the House on the ill day of March latt, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s notices have been given three times in the said month of Chamber.

good, either to the Matters or Servants, and any extension of it will increase the evil; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in the Counties of Torkt

Lancaster, and Derby, is referred; and that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an Act, passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from W Church, in the County of Rliddhjix, to Sheffield, and the furthermott

part of the Parish of Woodford towards and from

t lie causeway in the Parish of Low to the end of

the said Parish of Woodford, next and through the

Parishes of Chigwell and Lain the County of Efex; and for lighting anil watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the four-mile Hones in the ford and Woodford Roads, was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bullock, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

March, in the newspapers called The Bath Chronicle, The Gloucfer Journal, and The Bristol Journal, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port of Bristol, in such and the like manner as such notices are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House,

A Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and King's Lynn improving,'the Borough of King's Lynn,- in the County of Norfolk, and for removing nuisances and annoyances committed’, therein, and for licensing a certain number of hackney coach.es and sedan chairs to be employed therein; and for

relative to navigable Canals, Aqueducts, anil the naviga- fixing and regulating the fares of the Hackney Coachmen lion of Rivers: And therefore praying, That leave may 1 J ~ 1 1 ,"4-

he given to bring in a Bill for effecting the purposes

afordaici

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Braggs, Mr. Evan BaiHie, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

and Chairmen, and for fixing and regulating the wages to be paid to Porters; and for holding the Saturday anil beast markets within the said Borough, was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pole, Sir Martin BrowneFolkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

®‘« aiui

" Bill,

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the provisions of two Acts, passed in the 39th and 40th years, and in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the ole of Horse Hides in making boots and shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all

A Petition of the several persons, whose names are there- Petitions of unto subscribed, being Weavers employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufactory in or near to the Clothing Towns Wilts, amt and Villages of WoottonUnderedge, North Son?e',ler>.

Uley, Oiv/peu, Nympsfield, Bijley, Canu, Rodbo- ifn'M-mnftw

rough, Hampton, Vainswick, Randivick, Leonard tur«rs Bill.

Stanley, King Stanley, Avoning, Stroud,

Coaley, and Pilchcomb, in the County of G lone eft er; Bradford, Trowbridge, Weflbury, North Bradley, Chippenham,

Melktliam, and Laycock, in the County of Wilts; and

o _ Fr Shi pi on and Road, in the

places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the County of was pretented to the lloule, and

said City of London, and to amend the said Acts: And the read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the W oollen fame was received; and read the first time. Manufacture; and letting forth. That the Clothing Irade

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. of the Counties of IV tits, and has for

many centuries ilourished under, and been protected by, the regulations now fought to be repealed; and that many of the°clauses, regulations, and provisions of the said Bill, if the lame should pass into a Law, will be highly iniu-; to the Petitioners and their families, will deprive

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Cotton Manufac-oa.enos Lrers, rifident in the Town and Neighbourhood of,

in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the application for leave to

nous

bfing in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 39th and many of them of their employ, and be detrimental to the 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for settling Public: And therefore praying, that they may be heard,

v«l. -8.

determined by

352

25° A pr ills.

A. 1803.

by themselves, or their counsel, against such parts of the the bounds of the said Town of Greenock, as limited by said Bill as acted them; and that the said Bill may not the last-recited Act, are obliged in payment of a Tax of pass into a Law as it now {lands. One Shilling in the Pound of the real rent of the houses,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc sub- and other subjects in the said Town of Greenock, doubts scribed, being Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenc- have arisen respecting the jurisdiction of the Baillies of

ments, in and near the several Clothing Towns, Parishes, Greenock over part of the said bounds, and of the privi-

and Villages, of King Stanley, Rodborow, Hoi/ley, a.nd Stroud, leges of the Feuars and Subfeuars within certain parts of

in the County of Gloucester; And also, the fame, being equal to those of the other Feuars and

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Subfeuars in the said Town, in virtue of the Charter

subscribed, being Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Te- granted to the fame in the year 1751, by the deceased nements, in and near the several Clothing Towns, Parishes, Sir John Schaw, of Greenock and it will therefore be for

and Villages, of Road, Beckington, Pilton,

Mallett, and Crofcombe, in the County of Somerfel;

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

the interest and advantage of the said Town, that such doubts be removed.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Rennie being examined, laid, That it

>c,alcoy Inclo-ffure Bill,

■comr*itted%

(Greenock: f Harbours, &c. \Petitions,

• reported.

I:

would tend greatly to the benefit and advantage of the Town of Greenock, and the trade and shipping thereof, if. And the said Petitions were severally ordered in addition to the purposes in the said Petition specified, to lie upon the Table. the Trustees for the Improvement of the Harbours were

enabled, out of the Hates and Duties by the former Acts A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open imposed, to fill up, embank, and secure, the Shore and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Ground acquired, or to be acquired, by the said Trustees, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sa/eby, with to build one or more dry Docks within the said Harbours, Thorejlhorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was read a l'econd as shall be deemed necessary; to make and establish entrances from the said Town to the new Harbours, and lanes of communication to and from the warehouses built, or to be built, adjoining to the fame; to sell and dispose of such Dry Docks, and of such parts of the Shore Ground, and other property, convenient for building, as to the said Trustees shall appear expedient, under certain regulations.—And,

Mr. Robert Sinclair, being examined, said, That it would tend greatly to the good government of the said Town of Greenock, if the Baillies thereof were authorized to exercise the liune jurisdiction over the fame that is competent to the Baillies of the Burghs of Barony and Regality within Scotland, which, at and preceding the passing of an Act, in the 20th year of the reign of King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing the heritable juris-didions in that Part of Britain called Scotland, were independent of the Lord ot Regality or Baron; That it would be of advantage to the Community, if the Accounts of the Funds of the

time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. MDoivall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, or Baillies, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, Trustees appointed for improving the Harbours of Greenock, and of the several Inhabitants of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, whose names are thereto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Baillies and Town Council of the Burgh of Barony of GTrustees appointed for improving the Harbours of Greenock, and of the fevc-ral Inhabitants of the Burgh of Barony of Greenock, whose names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

laid Town, and of the respective Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Trustees by former Acts appointed, were kept separate.

Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol- and put under certain regulations.

loweth; viz. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, further improvement of the Harbours of the Town of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, to Greenock, for extending the jurisdiction of the Baillies of amend two Acts, made in the 13th and 29th years of the said Town, and for other purposes therein mentioned:

His present Majesty, for making more commodious the And that Mr. and Mr. Boyd Alexander do pre-

Hurboursof the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes pure, and bring in, the fame, mentioned in said Acts, was read :—And,

Mr. Hugh Crawfurdbeing examined, said, That the Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have further leave of ab- Leave of Ab* Trustees authorized by the said several Acts, have bor- fence for two months, on account of the dangerous Hate fence* rowed and advanced several sums of money upon the of his health.

credit of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, collected by Ordered, That General Ross have leave of absence for virtue of the said Acts, which have been duly laid out, ten days, on account of the death of a near relation, and great progress has been made in the public works

thereby directed.—And, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Lunatic*

Mr. John Rennie, Engineer, being examined, laid, That resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jarred! the said works cannot be fully and completely executed the Bill to authorize the sale or mortgage of the Estates unless the said Trustees are authorized and empowered to of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England or

Ireland respectively, and the granting of Leases of the lame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

RThat this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

purchase and acquire, and hold, such further Lands and Grounds as may be any way requisite for the purpose of erecting warehouses, and such other works and buildings as will be sufficient for the convenience and accommodation of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and all other Traders and Manufacturers, trading to or from the Harbours or Town of Greenock-, and unless the said Trustees are authorized and empowered to fell the Lands and Grounds already acquired, or to be acquired by them, as before mentioned, or to ered such warehouses and other

Mr. Ormsby reported from the Committee, to whom the siiro Petition of the Corporation for improving the Town and Harboul of Sligo, and of the Merchants, Traders, and reported, others Inhabitants, of the said Town of Sligo, in the

works and buildings upon the fame, and to fell such ware- County of Sligo; and also the Petition of John Gray, on houses and other works and buildings, and apply the behalf of himself and others. Inhabitants of the Town of prices to be received for what may be lo fold towards the in the County of Sligo, were severally referred;

extindion of the debts to be contracted by the said That the Committee had examined, and found that the Trustees, in carrying the said several Acts into execution: Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills,

•—Then, had been complied with; and that the Committee had

Mr. Crawfurd, being again examined, said. That al- examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had di-Ihough the Possessors of houses and other erections within reded him to report the fame, as they appeared to them,

to

ill.

25° Apri/is.

353

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and imputation of delinquency on their part, and violation in afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the person of the Magistracy, elected by the Burgesses the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. of N, of those rights and privileges which they To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Peti- have now enjoyed for nearly 400 years, without any rea- -tion, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in l'on being assigned for the abolition of pri vileges of such the 3d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George high antiquity, or any complaint on the part of the people the Second, for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Ri- of the manner in which such jurisdiction has been exer-vers of the City of Corkr, and the Towns of Galway, cifed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by

Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfaji, and for erecting a Ballast- their counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said office in the said City, and each of the said Towns; Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law. also, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for paving, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the lighting, cleansing, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the Lanes, and passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. of Sligo for establishing a nightly watch in the said The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill, def«rre< Townj for supplying the said Town with pipe-water; and Wednesday last, for reading the said Bill a second time for improving and regulating the Ports and Harbour upon Wednesday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dischirged.

Order, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next,.

thereof, were read :—And,

Mr. John Gray, being examined, said, That the powers vested in the Persons therein named, have proved inadequate to the purposes intended by the said Acts.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Gray, being examined, laid, That it would be attended with great convenience to the Inhabitants of

The Order of the day being read, for die House to Coroner* Bill

- } - ° - - deterred.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the said Town, if provision was made in the intended Bill, the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to Coroners,

for regulating the Porters and Carters working for hire within the said Town.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3d year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, of the " City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drog-" heda, and Belfajf, and for erecting a Ballast-office in the said City, and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleans-" ing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes,

n_____i__n'____ .1 _ 'x*____ r t’ 7 *_ * j.1_/"*____

in consideration of the increase of their Expences in the due execution of their office;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Petition of the Mayor, &c. tf Notting-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Nottingham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a newr writ for the County Wnti eleiling of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this on_,ent Parliament, for the County of in the room of

the Right honourable William Henry Cavendish n>entinck, commonly called Lord William Henry Cavenaijii Bentinck, who, since his elediion for the said County, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's and passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and -

" Sligoj for establishinga nightly watch in the said Town; ham, in the County of Buckingham.

" for supplying the said Town with pipe-water; and for

" improving and regulating the Port and Harbour The several Orders of the day being read, for hearing, proceeding*

" thereof," and for making better provision for the pav- at the Bar of this House, the charge against John Simpson, on Charge ing, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the Borough Simpson^’ said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and of Great in the County of Lincoln, contained in

Carmen employed therein, and for the better regulation the Resolution, which, upon the 18th day of March last, and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof: And was reported from the Select Committee, appointed to

Cole, and Mr. Lee, do try and determine the merits of the Petition of William

Mellish, Esquire, and of the Petition of Robert Sewell, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough; and also for the attendance

that Mr. Ormsby, Lord Viscount prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nottingham £kftion Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the of the said John Simpson;

House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the more The said John Simpson was called in.

effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the free- And the said charge was read.

dom of Election, in the said Town; and setting forth, And he was heard j and having stated, that he had That the Petitioners, as Magistrates and Justices of the acted through ignorance, with respect to the several mat-Peace of the said Town, arc entitled to, and their Prc- ters contained in the said Resolution, and having expressed decessors (the Aldermen of the said Town) have, from the his sorrow for the fame, and asked pardon of the House time of a Charter granted to the Burgesses of the said for his offence, he was directed to withdraw.

Town by King Henry the Sixth, been entitled to, and The House was moved, That the determination respect-have enjoyed, an exclusive jurisdiction as Justices of the ing the right of election for the said Borough, referred to Peace within the said Town, by virtue of the provisions of in the said Resolution, might be read, that Charter; and that, by the fame Charter, the Town And the fame was read accordingly; and is as follow-of Nottingham is separated from the County of Nottingham, eth; viz.

and constituted a County of itself, by the name of the " That the right of election of Members to serve in County of the Town of Nottingham; and that the Peti- " Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the

tioners observe, that the present Bill is intended to give to the Magistrates of the County of Nottingham the power of acting within the limits of the Town as Magistrates thereof, for every purpose, as well in those duties con-nedled with the preservation of the public peace, and securing the freedom of election, as in those entirely separate therefrom, thereby completely destroying that ex

County of Lincoln, is in the Freemen of the said Borough, " admitted at a full Court by the Mayor, Aldermen, Cdm-" mon Councilmen, and Burgesses, such Freemen being " resident, and paying scot and lot, in all cales, except " where no rate has taken place subsequent to their ad-" million." ' ,

Resolved, That the said John Simpson, at a full Court or

cliffive jurisdiction granted to the present Magistracy, general Assembly of the said Borough, holden on the day which the Petitioners submit has never been exercised by previous to the day of election, in direct contradiction to them to the discredit of themselves, or of the persons the said determination, acted illegally, and in breach of who appointed them, or to the injury of the Town over the privileges of this House.

which they preside; and that the present Bill appears . Resolved, That the said John Simpson, on the day of to the Petitioners to be a virtual censure upon, and de- election, also acted illegally and partially in the execution gradation of, the Corporation of Nottingham, without any of his office, and in breach of the privileges of this House. Vot. 58. ' 4 X,

lered into lody.

inburgh acts Bill, committed.

lbv Bridge

Jill,

kired.

ipply, id erred.

ays and

jfc:ins,

.derrcd.

3

■T

iveHham

* ‘tition, i> ported.

i.'

354

25°—26°

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the said John be, for his said of-

fence, taken into custody of the Serjeant at Arhis attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly.

Mr. George fyivick Jemmett being examined, said. That

the Trustees for executing the said Acts have borrowed a of money

considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, which money cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually amended, widened, improved. The Order of the day being read, for taking into further and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is fur-consideration the Report, which was made from the Com- ther continued, and some of the powers and provisions mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: That powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the Hythe , upon the said Turnpike Road, is a very long 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, and steep hill, and- in many parts much out of repair, 24th, 25th, 29th, and 38th years of His present Majesty’s narrow, and very incommodious for travellers, and can-reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in not be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept the County of Edinburgh, was committed; in repair, by the ordinary course of Law: That the

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That laid Hill might be easily avoided, to the great utility and the said Report be now taken into further consideration; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,>Mr' Roberl D"W<"’

(M

Hsi,

[Sir James Clair Erjhine: i

Tellers for the Noes,! ?,cne]?! 1 65.

(Mr. Dickinfojunior: ) J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

The House was moved, That the Order, tnade upon Tuesday last, for reading a second time, uponThurlday next, the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, iorbuilding a Bridge over the River Onfe, from in

the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite shore, in the Parish of Hemingbo in the East Riding

of the same County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

convenience of the neighbourhood, and the Public in general, if powers were given for making, maintaining, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, a Road, to lead from a certain place called Pedlinge, about half a mile Weftwrard from the top of the said Hill, on the said Turnpike Road, to a certain place near the Turnpike Gate, at the foot of the said Hill, also on the said Turnpike Road, lying in the several Parishes of Salt-wood, Lympue, and , in the said

County.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's to Holy

Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Hony-ivood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Milton Emtfs mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Common- Inclol"re Bill,

Erness, in the

committed.

able Flaces. within the Parish of Milton County of Bedford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Tommorrow sevennight, the jd day of May next. A Petition ,f the several Persons, whole names are there-

rpi 1 r ,\ j 1 , unto lUDicnoeu, oeing ^lomworkers or Shearmen cm-

I f, f4'?5 ,i 1 n . ployed in the Woollen Cloth Manufactory in the several

mived. That this House will, upon Wednesday next. Counties of/KAr, Smt, fit, and GhmejicrAnd all'o,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Clotlnvorkers or Shearmen employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufactory in or near to the Clothing Towns and V illages in the W eft Riding of the County of

Turk;

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

against

Woollen

Manufac*

turers

Bill.

Alartis, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 43

Georgii IlItU

Regis, 180;

Prayers.

2IR William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture: And praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against such parts thereof as affect their interest j and that the said Bill, as it now stands, may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the Counties Wilts and Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and

of

are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing two t enements, in and near the several Clothing Towns, Pa-Acts, passed as thereinafter mentioned, and of divers other rilhes, and Villages, o Bradley, Bra

Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the f°‘ ‘ ‘an.^ Fldksham, in the County of Wilts;

— r -rr . 1 V .1 i i Wptp lilrpwnp ipvpmIIv nrplpnfpn fn tr

County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, ancf had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts, passed in the 2d and 2 2d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Post Road, near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Afford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon’s Water to a certain Lane called Holy Lane,- in Win-cheap, near the City of Canterbury, were read:—And,

1

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; also taking notice of the said Bill; and praying that the fame may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of committed. Boultkam, otherwise Boltham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, p

a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within pei. the Manor of Beami/h, otherwise Beamish Parle, in the Parish-

of

LrEO. 111.

26° Ap.

355

’13 E'

■ii

itsac*

ffl

Si

of Chefierde-street, and County of Durham, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. I. 1. J4. To leave out " deceased."

Pr. 15. 1. 22. To leave out " deceased."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of Beamish, otherwise Beamish , in the Parish of

Chester-le-street, and County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ptiidooo of the A Petition of the Foreman and Grand Jury of the

Xing's Stag's County attending the Spring Assizes at Philipjiown,

County. 1803, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

, That, by an Act, passed in the last Session of the Irish Parliament, the sum of £ 500,000 sterling was granted, for the purpose of extending Agriculture in that part of the United Kingdom, by encouraging the making of Canals, and opening River Navigations on reduced Tolls, and for purchasing of the exorbitant Imports levied by the Proprietors of such Canals as had been already made; and that, in pursuance of this principle, the Petitioners have been informed, by public advertisement, that the Directors General of Inland Navigation have caused the Tolls on the Royal Canal, and those on the navigation of the River Barrow, to be reduced to the moderate rate of One Penny per ton per mile on all corn, meal, malt, flour, and potatoes, going to Dublin; and that, by an Act, paflecl by the Irish Parliament in the 29th year of His Majesty’s reign, for the promotion and encouragement of Inland Navigation, the Petitioners find, that, in consideration of a Bounty of £. 57,100, granted by the said Parliament to the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal, all corn, meal, malt, and flour, brought to Dublin by the Grand Canal from any place ten miles below Athy and Banaghar respectively, after the navigation of the Rivers Barrow and Shannon shall be completed, shall pay no higher Toll than One Penny Halfpenny per ton per mile, although the general Toll previously allowed to be taken on the said Canal, and actually levied by the Proprietors thereof, on all Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, was Three Pence per ton per mile; whereby it appears, that the signal bounty and wisdom of the Legislature operates most injuriously to the interest and welfare of the! Inhabitants of the King's County as well as to that of the County of Kildare, part of the County 1 of Galway, the Queen's County, and to a considerable portion of the Northern part of the County of Tipperary; in-asmuch as the said Counties not lying ten miles below Athy and Banaghar respectively, the corn, meal, malt, and flour thereof, conveyed to Dublin by the Grand Canal, will be subject to the heavy Toll of Three Pence per ton per niile, while the fame articles brought by the Royal Canal from the Counties of Meath, Weshneath, Roscommon, ford, and Leitrim, will be carried to Dublin at a Toll not exceeding One Penny per ton per mile for the whole distance; and the fame commodities brought from the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, and Waterford, by the River Barrow, or from the Counties of Clare, Limerick, Kerry, and the Southern parts of the County of Tipperary, by the Bl'itr Shannon, will be transported on the said Rivers at the low loll of One Penny per ton per mile; and as the fame will be brought from a nearer distance than ten miles below Athy and Banaghar respectively,- they will be conveyed on Jhe Grand Canal to Dublin (parting by the doors of the Petitioners) at the reduced rate of One Penny Halfpenny per ton per mile, while the fame articles produced on the Lands of the Petitioners within the King’s County are tub*-jest to a Toll of double the amount; viz. Three Pence per ton per rpile; and that the Petitioners, deeming the Landholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of this County, to be deeply injured by the foregoing fyf» tem of bounty on the one band, and exclusion on the other, do earnestly intreat the House to take their Situation into consideration, and to grant them relief, either by the ge-

Vol. 58.

Stowe Isicloiore B

Dunham and

Ragnall Inclosure Bil

neral rertoration of the inland Bounties on the carriage of Corn to Dublin, or by special Bounties on the carriage of Corn raised in the King’s County, whereby the injurious effects of the great reduction of Toll before-mentioned, granted on the produce of the agriculture of distant Counties, and the heavy Tolls exacted on the corn raised in the King's County, may be countervailed, and the Petitioners thereby placed on a footing of equality with those Counties fb highly favoured by the present partial and unjust arrangement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords fVilmot: haveagrm

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act j

for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain e* sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent-, without any. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors,

Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, ^ti^Amend-Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships ments. of Dunham and Ragnall, and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham 5 with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the jackson’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting, £f subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, passed. the Estate settled to the use of George Jackson, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their lives, and the life of the Survivor, with- divers remainders over, in George Beun, and his Heirs, in trust, for the said George Jackson, and his Heirs, and for substituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy,

Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons Eyam and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby, was read a second time.

R.efolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are , to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Chrlftc Order, a Bill for taking down and rebuilding the Parish patent. Church of Ckrijl Church, in the County of Surrey (except the Tower thereof) and for enlarging the Burial Ground belonging thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Norton Inclosure B committed,

Inclosure

committe

An

356

26° A prills.

A. 1803.

tty’s tc Bill, mitted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devi fee in trust, named in the will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint the-East, in the County of Mid die [ox, Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint in

the County of Midd/eJ'ex, deviled to him by the fame will,

and to fell and pull down an ancient MdTuage, Handing on part of the said Ground, and to apply the monies to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Wi/mot: have agreed ta

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carnarvon for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in re- withAmend-pair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaeft, in menu, the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyjlymdivy, and from a place

t; :n

i'Ui

rii.

fc(

ix

h H

arise by such sale upon the trulls of the said will, was read called Cerrig-y-Rhzvydzlr+to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the a second time. said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William across the River Aberglajlyn, in the said Counties; with And erf on, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords demeet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s fire the concurrence of this House.

Chamber. And then the Messengers withdrew.

uthwark jad Bill, nmutted.

A Bill for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts, for making a Road from New Street, South-xvark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Sonthivarky to Dockhead and Liiliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street towards Saint Thomas-a-Waterings; and allb for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William RujJelly Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.'

Petition of Fanners of Cork.

The I Ioufe was moved, That the Order, made upoti the Order for 14th day of March last, "That William Mainzvaring, Exchange of " El'quire, and also the Freeholders of the County of Mid- Middkiex " dlesex, who have petitioned this House, complaining of Election,

" an undue election and return for the said County, do, t*lfchar8e<fi " by themselves, or their agents, on or before the ill day " of May next, deliver to the fitting Member petitioned " again 11, or his agents, lifts of the persons intended by the " Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the said " fitting Member, giving in the said lifts the several heads

" of objection, and distinguishing the fame against the " names of the Voters excepted to; and that the said " fitting Member do, by himself, or his agents, within the " fame time, deliver the like lifts on his part to the said " Petitioners, or their agents," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

- The Order of the clay being read, for taking into fur- Militia

ther consideration the Report which was made from the Families Bill,

- - re-committcJ.

i1 I

A:

• A:,.

A Petition of the Tanners of the City of Cork, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Tanning trade of Ireland is now in such an alarming Hate ofdeclension on account of the restrictions laid upon it by the exitling Excil'e Laws of Ireland, that the Petitioners mull, with many others similarly circuinftanced, be alto- Committee, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amend go ther ruined, if the House do not interpose some remedial ing the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of

arrangements; that the present Duty is raised, not upon the quantity of leather tanned, but upon the number of cubic feet contained in each Vat in which the process of tanning is carried on; and, so great is the disproportion between the old and the present method, that the annual amount of the Duty now paid on the cubic feet exceeds by very near two-thirds the Excil'e paid on the Hock taken up in that course of time by the late regulation: And therefore praying the House to make such a reduction in the present Duty, as may place the Petitioners upon fair and equal terms of trade with the Eng/ish Tanner, so far as the nature of the charge by the cubic foot will admit of.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Considered.

Irish Courts Bill, deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrells; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the " process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

Militia Men when called out into actual service, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I Ioufe will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming have leave of ab- Leave of fence for one month, on account of his health. Absence.

The House being informed that Air. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; presented. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing how the Public Alonies remain ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th

with

I;

" if; j

Public

Expenditure.

Woollen Ma-, nufatturers Bill, deferred.

Account of Permanent 'Laxes, ordered.

January 1802, together with the Monies paid into the The Order of the day being read, for the second read- fame during the year ending the 5th January 1803, and

ing of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

the Monies paid out of the net Produce of the Revenues of the said year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; distinguishing the fotal Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service ;—ift, Interest on Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Alanagcment, and the Sums applied to Great Britain, in the years ending 5th April 1802 and 5th its Reduction-—2dly, the Interest on Exchequer Bills—3dly, April 1803 respectively; distinguishing each Quarter. - Ififues for purposes appointed by the hifh Parliament prior

. ' to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes

in

ortj

pfca

rron

iBil

Asci

j.

LjEO. 111.

26°—£7 0

357

and three quarters of Land, and of three cow leazes and 6o sheep leazes; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 258 acres and one quarter, and there are, in the whole, 105 cow leazes, 15 horl’e leazes, and 1,646 theep leazes; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and triade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for Thursday kill, " That leave be given to bring in a Bill g.stow 01 " for repaying to the Community of the City of discharged,

" gow, the Monies advanced for supplying the poor Inha- orfa-ed,

" bitants of the said City with Corn, Meal, and other " articles of provision, during the Icarcity in the years " 1799 and 1800," might be read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Report which, upon Thursday kft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Glasgozv, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That-leave be given to bring in a Bill for levying a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the City of Glas-gozv, and Suburbs thereof, to repay the Monies advanced by the Community of the said City, and others, in purchasing Corn, Meal, and other provisions, for the supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in the years 1799 and 1800:

And t hat Mr. Boyd Alexander and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Boyd Alexander presented to the House, according presented. to Order, a Bill for levying a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the City of Glasgozv, and Suburbs thereof, to repay the Monies advanced by the Community of the said City, and others, in purchasing Corn, Meal, and other provisions, for the supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in the years 1799 and 1800: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

defy

;CTi! i

Civil

Contingent

Charges.

Extnordina-m ui Army.

bring, fcc. of Dublin.

D%

J>.

IX

D*.

tytnjix,

tfNo. 46.) KN0.47.)

to the Union—4thly, Issues from appropriated Funds for local purposes—5thly, Civil List Pensions, and other Permanent Charges—6thly, Payments in anticipation of Exchequer Receipts—7thly, the Ordnance—Stilly, the Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on account of the Ordinary Services; viz.for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Pay for Public Officers; specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army—9thiy, Milcellaneous Services—and, Jaftly, specifying the Amount of any Public Money applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Ireland from those which belong to it with Great Britain-, with several Appendixes: And also,

An Account of the Application of the Sum of^.54,166. 134^- bfo currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, to defray the Civil contingent Charges for the service of Ireland, for the year 1802: And also.

An Account of the Application of the Sum 0^.32 5,000 Irish currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the year 1802: And also.

An Account of the Tax levied in the City of Dublin for the paving and lighting the lame, for the year 1800, and ending the 25th December: And also,

An Account of the Tax levied in the City of Dublin for the paving and lighting the fame, for the year 1801, and ending the 25th December: And also,

An Account of the Expenditure of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of for the year 1800: And also,

An Account of the Expenditure of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of Dublin, for the year 1S01: And also,

An Account of the Salaries, Pensions, and established Charges, of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of the City of Dublin.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The Appendixes annexed to the first of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.—The first * of the said Accounts, the second and third f, and the five last are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 27° die Aprilis;

Anno 430 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

li!!?0ck A D T T

; tVimureBiu A " ILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open 1 foamed. ’ and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of

Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mori and, Mr. Dickiufon, Sec.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r- Bur land reported from the Committee, to whom

Kfwted. ’ f,le "hi for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-nions, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within that part of the Pa-pffi of Chickerill, otherwise West which lies with-

in the Tything of West Chickein the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and •found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfac-bon of the Committee (except the Owner of eight acres V°L. S8. ■

j lam

Mr. Boyd Alexander presented to the House, according Greenock to Order, a Bill for the further Improvement of the H 1 Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for extending the presented, jurisdiction of the Baillies of the said Town; and for other purposes therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Com- De iongh mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- N;,t- Bl'lj tuled. An Act for naturalizing Maurice De long/i, was ’

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of and West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be re^d a second time.

4 Y Mr.

Sharif

Inclarf

preiei

358

27" Aprilis.

A. 1803.

ition pecting »tices lor •riftul

irbuur anc\

anal,

sorted.

Mr. Brstove reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgefl'es, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common seal, of the Matter,

Wardens, and Cotnmonahv, of Merchant Venturers of the said City, under their common leal, and of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, redding in or near the said City, was referred; That the Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame

i i 1.1 * 1 * 1 . A A 4*1 . _ /*_ _ 1 1 * . * J A. A . XVa ..A.. M C i. I . - J O . 1 1 _ fL i-l-k 4^ r t M #1

and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, are to. be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John 0'borne produced to the Committee The Bath Chronicle, The Gloucester Journal, and The Bristol , containing

notices of the application to Parliament, for leave to bring

time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions. Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have

voices.

The House was moved, That the several Petitions, which Petitions for

have been presented to the House in this Session of Parlia- p>mp«nia-r . , r. ~ , tion, relative

ment, praying for Compensation on account ot lolies which toiriihCourt*

the Petitioners alledge they may sustain, in case the Bill to h.’ii, referred render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s committee.

a"-

til

so

:i: j

lb:

6?

P

}i

in a Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Ac-^ ’ 1 1 tions, in Ireland, more beneficial, should pals into a Law,

might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Lee, Mr. Corry, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

utave of Absence.

the Port of Bristol, pursuant to leave granted by the House on the id day of March last.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 28th day of February' last, was made from the Committee, to whom a former Petition of the said several Persons, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol: And that Mr. and Mr. Evan

Bailiiedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Honyzvood have further leave of ab-i'ence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Smith have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Colquhounhave leave of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he having served on the Select Committee for trial of the Glasgozv, See. election.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bailiie have leave of absence for a month, on account of his health.

A Petition of the Tanners of the City of was petition of

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Tanner*of the present mode of taxation, the Tanners of Ireland pay a W:itcrford* Duty of 3 d.per pound on all heavy leather manufactured by them, and they are obliged to pay the Duty monthly, by which a large part of their property is always in advance; and that the Tanners of England pay a Duty of 11 d.per pound only on the leather manufactured by them, and are entitled to a Drawback of 1 d. per pound on such

Ti

.Committee on Coroners Bill.

>! t

Ordered, That Mr. Timothy Shelley have leave of absence part thereof as they export, which leaves a duty of but \ d. for a week, on account of his health. on each pound of leather lent by them into Ireland-, this

consequently leaves a difference of 2 in the pound on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to such leather in favour of the Tanner: And there-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fore praying. That such reasonable reduction may be made the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to Coroners, in the present Tax as will place the Petitioners on a more in consideration of the increase of their Expences in the equal footing with the Tanners of Great Britain.

-■j

•i:

ill,

due execution of their office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

| 62. ] 44-

committed.

Woollen Maim future Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Bill to repeal of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Rj’^.

41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ami Paving " An Act for building a Pier at in the Isle of AS,

" Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, impof-

" ing, and recovering, certain Duties for the supporting,

" maintaining, and keeping in repair, the said Pier; for " paving, repaiiing, cleansing, lighting, watching, water-" ing, and improving, the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and " other public passages and places, within that part of the " Parish of Minfier, in the said lfte of Sheppy (which lieth " near His Majesty’s Dock-yard and Garrison of " called Blue Town and Mile Town, and for preventing * nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein," as authorizes the Commissioners, or any person or persons therein named, to take or carry away any gravel, stones, ballast, sand, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William A fit on.Lord of the Manor of Minfier, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, within or near the limits to which

Petition* aoainit,

* referred, and Counsel entered.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JJj- ffS’jUn‘°r’

Tellers for the Noes * Sir Robert ^ohn Buxton,

tellers for the Woes, Sir R(jbeyt Williams:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harvey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- near the limits to which the regulations of the said Act

ing of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture, be extend, without paying any thing for the fame;

now read. And the House being informed that the several Persons,

And the said Order being read accordingly; who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying

The said Bill was read a second time. to be heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said

11 forced. That the Bill be committed to Mr. JDickinson, Bill, did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill; junior, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this The said Bill was read a second time.

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

The House was moved, That the several Petitions against Geary, 'Mr. Honyzvood, &c.: And they are to meet this the said Bill, which were presented to the House upon Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Monday last, and yesterday, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; Mr.. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be re- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for conferred to the consideration of the said Committee; solidating and amending the several Laws for providing Kin,

relief

b

terei*

vjriiiU. 111.

859

27*—28° Aprilis.

relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual service, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the day being read; supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-

(taijtti- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. waysand Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-Mans, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

detemd. f]C|er further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 28° Aprilis;

Anno 43° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1803. Prayers.

Tim ton HPHE hour appointed for taking into consideration the

ad^JUon X Petition of Robert Robinson, late a Candidate for one Prtitions, of the Bufgelfes to lerye in Parliament in and for the Bo-tmMered. rough and Town of Tvinton, in the County of Somerset; and also the Petition of certain Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough and Town, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough and Town, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

A Member was sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and ninety-six Members being present;

And the Petition of William Squire, Cornelius Ward, William Fotharby, Henry Stairwell, Jeremiah Stanwell, William Nicholls, John Herring, and William Wood, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petitions complaining ol an undue election and return for Taunton, into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Henry J Esquire, being drawn he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Boston election, by the counsel for the fitting Member in that case.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete; Daniel Giles, Esquire, was nominated by the counsel for the Petitioners, and Rowland Esquire, by the

counsel for the fitting Members, to serve on the Committee for trying the Taunton election.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members having voted at the election, or being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Taunton election; the door was opened; *nd the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew. yet. 5*.

And the door being again locked j

The Order of the day, for taking into consideration the Boftoii said Petition, complaining of aq undue election and return for Boston, was read. c«5iiiuisred

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot> out of the fame glafies, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of Thomas Creevcy, Esquire, being drawn; he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Matter of the Rolls was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 25th day of February last, was excused: And the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington, Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he being again sworn in the manner stated in the proceedings of the 1 ith day of February last, was excused: And the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Kent Gaol the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- mA unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the County of Kent, petitimi, *te* was referred; That the Committee had examined the reported, matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at i

the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as;

followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, i

passed in the 9th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Jut- 1

" tices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the " County of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece of " ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply part of the " County stock of the said Division towards the fame," was read :—And,

Mr. John Dudlow being examined, said. That the said Justices purchased a convenient piece of ground at MaiJjione, in the said County, and did thereon build a Gaol, the expences of which purchase and building were discharged out of the surplus of the County stock then in the hands of the Treasurer of the Western Division, and by Rates, as directed to be made by the said Act.—And being further examined, he laid. That ever since the building of the said Gaol, the expences of repairing the fame have been discharged by sums of money raised within the said Western Division, according to the directions of the said Act; and that, for a series of years past, functioned by no Law, but custom, the said County has been divided into an Eastern and Western Division; that the Eastern Division has contributed towards the maintenance of such prisoners only as were sent to the felons part of the said Gaol from such Division, and the Western Division has, at the charge of the Inhabitants of such Division, supported all the prisoners sent from the said Western Division to the said.

Gaol; that the said custom is partial, unjust, and opprefftve, inasmuch as, from the contiguity of the said Western Division to the Metropolis, the prisoners committed from that Division far exceed the number of prisoners from the Eastern Division, and the consequent expence therefore iniposed on the Inhabitants of the Western Division exceed, in an unreasonable proportion, the expence of the Eastern Division; and that, independent of the expence of the repairs of the said Gaol being borne exclusively by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division, they support also, at their foie charge, two Bridewells, situate in the

Western

1

360

28* Aprilis. A. 1803.

' Western Division, viz. one at , and one at Dart-

ford; and that all Debtors in the custody of the Sheriff of the said County are confined in the said Gaol at,

and the expences charged to the County for their maintenance, whether they be sent from the Eastern or Western Division of the said County, is borne solely by the Inhabitants of the said Western Division; and that the said Gaol is the only prison of the said Sheriff.—And the Witness added. That as the Justices, as well of the Eastern as of the Western Division of the County, are appointed under one and the fame commission, and the Police of the County is general, the Petitioners submit, that the expence incident to the due administration of it ought to attach on the Inhabitants of the whole County at large; and that it is inequitable, that, from any circumstance of locality, one district of a County, in a matter which affects the interest

of the whole, should, for the furtherance of general justice, be partially burthened.—Then,

Mr. Thomas Fuller being examined, said, That, conceiving the general Rate of the County, in its present mode of assessment, to be unequal, it is highly expedient power should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that purpose to assess and tax rateably, and in equal proportions, according to the annual rent or value of Estates, all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said County, for and towards the lame, and to be applied for all the purposes and objects to which the County Rate is by Law liable.—Then the Witness delivered in the following Account:

An ACCOUNT of Rental and Poors Rates, with the proportion of County Rate, at One.Shilling in the

Pound, of the under-named Parishes, in the County of Kent,

Rentals, Poors Rates. County Rates. Proportions: about

Farningham - - - £. s. d. 2,413 6 8 £. s. d. 120 13 4 £. s. d. 32 18 — - - 1

Eynsford - 2,148 107 8 — 40 16 — 1 " ' * T

Shoreham - - - 2,888 15 — 144 8 9 50 17 •— 1 T

Chelsfield - 2,082 104 2 — 25 12 — - - i

Horton Kirby - *>959 3 4 97 *9 * 32 8 — _ _ JL 3

Dartford - 6,964 348 4 — ji8 1 — _ JL 3

Southfleet - L574 78 14 — 42 11 — - - i

Nor t lifted - 5«788 289 8 — 52 8 — r - T

Kef on - 761 — — 38 1 — 18 2 6 — 1 " z

Eltham - 6,544 10 — 327 4 6 80 15 — - . I 4-

‘Lee - 2,914 145 H — 48 X 3

Greenwich - 28,127 6 8 1,406 7 4 i33 16 — _ .. * V To"

Woolwich - 13,506 675 6 — 48 1 * * TT

<J

Call,

tJct'crred.

Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whole non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out erf custody

Names of 1 Members abi'cnt at Ballots, to be reported, &c.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re* pealing an Act, made in the 9th year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division " of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece " of ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and " for empowering the said Justices to apply part of the " County dock of the said Division towards the fame and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County

to hold a yearly General Sessions of the Peace, for the pur* without the special Order of the House. pose of examining, passing, and allowing, the Accounts of

the Treasurers of the two Divisions of the said County; The counsel and agents in the case of the Taunton elec- Taunton and for the better regulation and payment of the public tion being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to expences of the said County: And that Mr. John Fane attend the said Committee' delivered in to the House appointed-

a reduced lift} to which lift, the Nominees being added, the lame was called over-, and is as follows:

James Buller of Looe, Esquire, John,

Esquire, Jonathan , Esquire, Henry , Esquire,

Walter Palk, Esquire, James Brogden, Esquire, William Stnrges, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, George Smithr . Esquire, Walter , Esquire, James Hamlyn Williams, Resolved, That, when the House shall have proceeded, Esquire, Lord William Stuart, William Burroughs, Esquire,. upon Thursday next, to the appointment of Select Com- Daniel Giles, Esquire, Rowland Bur don, Esquire. mittees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap- And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Corn-pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and mittee for trying the merits of the Petitions, complaining the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for of an undue election and return for were (worn

that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

—11-j t-- c. -u- And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted cleftions.

The

and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being read} ,

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

Member lb called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be set aside; and that a list of the name* of such absent Members be reported, by l3

40 vjtEO. ill. 28®

361

B<1K>h

EUtion

Committttr

lo;ointed.

prf'fion of

a,’ l orpom-

lion o»

Kciiingham, N:-: Erbium

Eititivjii i>ill.

East India Account;, oidcred.

A^refne^Jpg

f. tt (ndi.i toiiinsnv \i Rtrvcnirr, to k coaiiuf red.

The counsel and agents in the cate of the Boston election, being returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which liti the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Henry Hoi'and. Esquire, John Bain , Esquire, Samuel Scott, Esquire, William Middleton, Esquire, John Blackburn of Neivpcrt, Esquire, the Honourable Scott, John

Pollexfen Bastard, Esquire, GeoPococke, Esquire, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, the Honourable Edward Finch, Lord Archibald Hamilton, John Atkins, Esquire, the Honourable Frederick West, Henry Esquire,

Thomas Creevey, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Mernhers, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Bo/ion, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the Hid Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Livery, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and (ecuring the freedom of Election, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town: And praying, Thar the Petitioners may be heard, by their counsel, at the Bar of the House, again 1! the said Bill; and that the lame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the salt! Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock, per computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on the ill day of March 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company’s Sales, from the 1 ft March 1802 to the ill March 1803.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " for continuing in the East India Company, for a further " term, the polK.lTion of the Territories in India,

" together with their exclusive Trade, under certain limi-"tations; for establishing further Regulations for the " Government of the said Territories, and the better ad-" ministration of Justice within the same; for appro-" prating to certain uses the Revenues and Profits of the " laid Company; and for making provision for the good " Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Ma-" dr as, and Bombaymight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Re/oived, That this House will, immediately, resolve 'licit into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the appropriation of the Revenues and Profits of the said Company.

Rhe House accordingly resolved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please so receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

1 brt Ha&irt A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Lord Hobart, j0rCuH'V was Patented to the Bloufe, and read; taking notice of thriftttly* ^1e Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of C('un<Biij. K^g’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial; and setting forth. That, in confederation of the Petitioner’s public services in Ireland, His Majesty-was pleased to grant to him the reversion of the office of Clerk of the Common Pleas in the Vol. 38.

Court of Exchequer in Ireland-, and that, upon the death of the Earl of Clonmell, the Petitioner succeeded to the said office; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the feeq perquisites, rights, profits, privileges, and advantages, granted to the Petitioner, must be considerably diminished: And therefore praying, That compensation may be made to him for whatever loss he may (uftain, it" the said Bill should pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several other Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session, praying for corti-pensation on account of Losses which the Petitioners alledge they may sustain in case the said Bill should pass into a Law: And that they do examine the matter or this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the R puaeny door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Accounts, House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,' presented.

N° 1. An Account of the annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, OudeSubfidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, CuRonis, and the receipts from the sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for three years, according to the latest advices; together with the latefteftimate of the fame: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahart and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the fame under the respective heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the advances and charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the charges of the Stamp Office, for three years, according to the lateffi advices; together with the latest estimate of the fame: And alfc,

N° 3. A Comparii'on of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Subsidy, Land Revenues. Police Taxes, Customs, the receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the year 1801-2, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the Raid Provinces, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the fame under the respective heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the advances and charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the charges of the Stamp Office, for the same year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in' the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tan-jore, See. and Land Revenues, and Farm and Licences, for three years, according to the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St.

George and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame under the respective heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for three years,.according to the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the fame:;

And also,

N° 6. A Compatifon of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the

4 2 Nabob

362

28° A prills.

A. 1803.

Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Fanjore, &c. Land Revenues, burfements of the Bombay Government, from i ft May

and Farms and Licences, for the year 1801-2, and of the 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also, '

Charges defrayed for the same year by the said Company, N* 2.1. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic exhibiting a (late of the Company’s affairs in respect to

and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame reflectively, under the several heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the annual Revenues of the

their Debts and Afi'ets, as they Rood at the several Presidencies of Fort , Fort Saint George, and Bombay,

and at the Residency ot Fort at the conclu-

fion of the year 1801-2: And also,

N# 22. An Account of the prime Colt of all Cargoes India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Set- purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the year tlements subordinate thereto, under the heads of Land 1801-2, together with the Commercial Charges at each Revenues,. Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for three Presidency, not added to the invoice: And also, years, according to the latest advices; together with the N® 23. Annual Account, made up to ift March 1803, latest estimate of the fame: And also, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of

N° 8. An Account of the annual Charges defrayed by Goods and Merchandize of the East India Company in the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and Great , and of their commercial and other Receipts,

the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the i'tveral fame under the respective heads of Civil, Marine, Military', heads thereof; together with an estimate of the fame, for Buildings, and Fortifications, and the charges of collecting the current year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and th£ Revenues and Customs, for three years, according to simple Contrail Debts, with the rates of Interest they re-the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the speilively carry, and the amount of such Interest, and the {ame: And also, state of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other eff dls

N° 9. A Comparison of the estimated and aitual appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, See. for the year 1801-2, and of the charges defrayed for the same year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the fame relpeilively, under the several heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and cohering the Revenues and Customs: And alto,

N° 10. An Account of the annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at and at Bombay,

so far as the fame can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for three years, according to the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (<j) An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its dependencies, for three years, according to the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (£) Amount of the Expences of the Island of St. Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for three years, according to the latest advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1802 to 30th April 1803: And also,

Mr. Owen also presented to the House; pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of Stock, per computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on ift March 1803: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company’s Sales, from ift March 1802 to ift March 1803. ' 1

Together with Lists of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew; and the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the livid Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Papers, from N° 1. to N° 10. ( b) inclusive, and also N° 23, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.—The others, excepting N* 21. are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note. The Account, N® was, in consequence of an error therein, withdrawn, by an Order of the House of the 4th day of May, and another presented.

Jpptniix,

(No. 48.)

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Motion for

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That

xr. - ». v, T'-n- ' r.1 Liiur j He will begracioully pleased to give directions, that there Cipeotuood N-12. Abstract Eft, mate of the probable Resources and be u;d ,hi, a c * or Copies, of all the Or- J-j

Disbursements of the Madra, Government, front ill May ders sent to ,he Cape of Good Hope, respecting the furremler, *"•

or retention, of that Colony, since the signature of the Definitive Treaty of Peace with the French Republic; together with a Copy, or Copies, of Dispatches relative to the surrender, or retention, of the said Colony, received from

1802 to 30th April 1803: And also,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ill May 1802 to 30th April 180 3: And also,

1.,

•‘-I;

*V *4. A general Abstract of the estimates of the Re- the Office’r command;n* the Potcct by land and Tea

venues and Charges of the Pres, denotes of Fort Wtll, am, thfrc. fl?ecifying t,ie whc, ,£e fanK received by

His Majesty’s Ministers; and also an Account of all Dil-cuflions (if any) which have taken place between His Majesty’s Ministers and the French Government, respect-

Fort St. George, and Bombay, from ill May 1802 to 30th April 1803: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort St. George, and Bombay, for sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last three years respectively, according to the latest advices; together with the latest estimate of the lame: And also, N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by

fl 7. . J,* - F ^ i. 4 h ,11 *— 4 I I *1-^ 1, T1 ti n />. r- V 4 h

ing the said Colony, since the signature of the Definitive Treaty, and previous to the hill Order sent out to surrender the lame:

Ordered, That the other Order of the day be now, read.

And the other Order of the day being accordingly read, Proceeding! the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole °»i£omnel* East Indies on the 30th April 1802, with the rates of In- House, to whom the Bill for granting an additional Allow-terest which such Debts respectively carry, and the annual ance to Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their Amount of such Interest: And also, Expences in the due execution of their office, was com-

N° 17. An Account of the amount of Debts subscribed mitted; in India, between 30th April 1801 and ill May 1802, A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, agreeable to the Court’s orders of 25th June 1793: And That the said Report be now received. aho» ’ And notice being taken that forty Members were not

N° 18. Abstra»ft Statement of the Receipts and Difr present; the House was told by Mr- Speaker; and forty burlements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1801 Members not being present, and it being then after Four to 30th April 1802: And also, of the clock;

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Dif- rT r m

" . the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without

a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning,

Ten of the clock.

burfements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Dif-

• 'I1

'Ai

A

*jy VjJiU. 1X1*

29° v ipr.

363

Veneris, 29° <&<? Aprilis;

Anno 43* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

said County; and for the better regulation and payment of the public Expences of the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Dart, kc fiihtry Bill*

committed.

Prayers. Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to Edinburgh

A BILL to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 13 th whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the powers of, and

year of the reign of King Edward the First, and in rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the 24th and 28th. reported, the 13th year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th, 24th, 25th, 29th, the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers and 38th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing Teing, Dart, and Plym, in the County of Devon, was read a the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of

Edinburgh was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose flames are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Common

Rights in the Parish of Wo being, in the County of Surrey, put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Petition of proprietors, ajimft

Wokeing . w

iDiloiure Bill. was presented to the House and read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Ty thing of Sutton next Woksing, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey;

and letting forth. That the Farms in the said Parish are in general very small, and the proposed Division and Inclosure would be attended with a very heavy expence to such Proprietors, far exceeding any improvement they might derive

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburns of Lancashire reported from the Com- Bill to air.tr mittee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in j^iofure A the 42cl year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, reported.

" An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of ham, in the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in the County

therefrom, and the said Inclosure would, in many other re- " Palatine ot Lane after" was committed; That the Com-

Jpefts, be injurious to the Proprietors at large; and a great majority thereof, both in number and value, diifent to the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counted, or agents, against the said Bill; and that the lame may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Suit Bill ‘n8ro^ Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

luted. 1111 the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within that part of the Parish of Chickerill, otherwise which lies

within the Tything of Weft Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Common*

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the party concerned had given his content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read 1 he Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* groifed.

The Lordi '

have agreed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

■Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Se.nd and dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common fncloiureB Meadows and Failures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in

able Lands and Places, within that part of the Parish of the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey;

Chickerill, otherwise Weft Chickerill, which lies within the Tything of Weft Chickerill, in the County of Dor jet.

Ordered, That Mr. Burland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

bury’* Eltal Bill.

rectiv

tbtR;,

lying

port

Droitwich

Xwds Bui,

.without any AmendmentAnd also, The Lorr)s

The Lords have passed a Bill,.intituled, An Act for veil- have parted ing part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable L<mt Shrew Charles Earl of Shrewfoury, in the Counties Salop, Chester,

Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for Ordered,’W\nt the Report from the Committee, to whom laying out the Monies to arile by such lale in the purchase the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu foe powers of an Act, made in tire 33d year of the reign thereof, to the same uses, and subject to the fame Restric* r r " ‘ ' " " tions; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this

House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Stepney's vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements, and Here- ElVate Bilt* ditaments, in the Counties of Cork, Weft meat h, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the Estate of George Stepney, Esquire, deceased, which have not been fold or dilpoied Mr. John Fane presented to tire House, according to of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 9th year of the Parliament of in the eleventh and twelfth years

the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act of the reign ol His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

~ " yelling Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate

" in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, Westmeath, and in the " King's County, the Estate of George Stepney, El’quire, in " Trustees, in order that the fame, or a competent part j

" thereof, may be sold for the payment of Debts and In- ,1

" cumbrances affecting the fameto which the Lords j

desire the concurrence of this House: And also, j

r _r________ The Lords have palftsd a Bill, intituled, An Act for the w Ro(1<

foe Accounts of the Treasurers of the two Divisions of the sale of part of the Estates of the Right honourable Robert Estate Bill

Vol. 38. Earl

KwtGsol jjui County *ucs Bill, Panted.

I ^ " ~ — /----- Q

of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Wveefter, through Droitwich, to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the Pa-

rilli ot Bromsgrove, in the County of and other

Roads therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Wednestlay next.

O -----£>--'A ----- * ,----- 9 -

to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western " Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a conve-" nient piece of ground for building a Gaol for the said " County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply " part of the County Stock of the said Division towards " foe fame and to enable the Justices of the Peace for foe said County to hold a yearly General Sessions of the Peace, for the purpose of examining, passing, and allowing.

4

564

29° A prills.

A. 1803,

Earl of Roden, for the intent and purposes therein men- matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to tioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the them, to the House:

ipnfcy’i late B id.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Baring, Sir Thomas ophUus Metcalfe, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants, and Petition of

House and Land Holders of the Parish of Chriji,

same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for at, vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, Westmeath, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the Estate of George Stepney, Esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the read; taking notice of the Bill for taking down and re-Parliament of Ireland in the eleventh and twelfth years of the building the Parish Church of Chriji Church, in the County reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for veil- of Surrey (except the Tower thereof) and for enlarging the " ing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Burial Ground belonging thereto; and letting forth, " Counties of Limerick, Cork, Westmeath, and in the King's That the expence of the said undertaking is estimated at " County, the Estate of George Stepney, Esquire, in Trustees, £.10,444, but which sum the Petitioners are well convinced u in order that the fame, or a competent part thereof, may will by no means be adequate thereto; and that the said " be sold for the payment of Debts and Incumbrances af- Parish is at present but in an infant state, and a very

I ;:h ibitarirs, a-a* rift Christ Church Church Bill.

etition for avc to pre-nt a Petition >r East India Vet Docks.

fefting the fame," was read the first time. Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, concerned in the Trade between Great and the East Indies and China, was presented to the House, and read;

great part of its Inhabitants would feel such an expence an almost insupportable burthen to them for many years to come; and that the Petitioners (with the advice and assistance of skilful and eminent Surveyors and Builders, who have examined the state and condition of the said Church) are well assured that so great an expence is wholly unnecefl’ary,; and that the said Church has only been setting forth, That the Ships in the employ of the East built about sixty years, and although, in its present state, it India Company are of larger size than any other Merchant- may Hand in need of some repairs, yet it is by no means men, and are nearly equal in bulk to tbips of the Line; necessary that the fame should be taken down and rebuilt; and that the Cargoes of these Ships, especially homeward- and, that a very small proportion of the money which bound, are always extremely valuable, and of the utmost must necessarily be expended in rebuilding the said Church National importance, both with regard to the East India being laid out in repairs, the fame might be made equally Company and the Public Revenue, and are also of great con- safe, uletul, and beneficial to the said Parish, and a very sequence to the Owners of such Ships, the Underwriters, enormous sum (for so small a Parish to bear) would there-and man£ other persons, deeply interested in the prelerva- by be saved: And therefore praying, That they may be tion of the Vessels, and their cargoes; and that, by the heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, present l'yftem of loading and discharging the cargoes of the against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pats into East India Ships, the navigation of the River Thames is fre- a Law.

questly impeded, and it is presumed injured, great delays. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Losses, and inconveniencies, are constantly experienced, the until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the cargoes, ships, and stores, are subject to excessive and un- Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, avoidable plunder, the Company and Owners are grievously agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Pe-imposed upon, and the Public Revenue defrauded to a tition. if they think fit.

great amount; and that if Wet Docks and Basons, with Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the necessary accommodations and requisites for the reception fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pe-of the East India Ships, were eflab 1 iflied at Blackwall, and tition.

Bromley, in the County of Middlesex, where, by plans and Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon surveys lately made, it appears they may be very advan- Monday next, tageoufty constructed, the evils above-mentioned would be remedied or prevented, the labour of loading and discharg- A Petition of of Greenock and petition of

ing the Chips would be abridged, plunder would be annihi- Blackball, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; slia'T

lated, and the expences to Government, the Company, taking notice of the Bill for the further improvement of as.in(t Owners, and others, considerably lessened, the Public Re- the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for extending the Grefino^&c> venue increased and l'ecured, and the Chips remain in perfect jurisdiction of the Baillies of the said Town, and for other Hp;nurt’

"l 1 ' c: .1 purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth, That it

doth not appear to the Petitioner that there is any use or occasion for the said Bill which Iras been applied for, and brought in without the knowledge of, or any participation with, the Commissioners appointed by former

Acts; and that the said Bill contains clauses inconliftent

Day

appointed for ietond reading.

security; and that the arranging the plans for carrying the works above-mentioned into execution, and the approbation which it was indispensably necessary to have from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and Corporation of the Trinity House, rel'pefting the fame, pro-trafted the proceedings so much, that the Petitioners were

cave given.

etition

relented.

prevented applying to the House for leave to bring in a with the paramount rights, privileges, and interest, of the Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid, until the time li- Petitioner, and also dangerous and injurious to his property, mited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private and that of his Feuers, in the said Town: And therefore Bills was elapsetl: And therefore praying, That leave may praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill for effecting the that he may be heard, by himself, his counsel and agents, purposes aforesaid. against the fame, and the several clauses thereof.

Ordered, That, inconsideration of the particular circum- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

dances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given'to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, concerned in the trade between Great Britain and the East Indies and China, was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the laffc preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Wet Docks, Batons, and other works.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself, his counsel, and agents, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of unto subscribed. Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the City of Glasgozv, and suburbs thereof, and Villages in Giaigow

the vicinity of the said City, was presented to the House, Com B4l.

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the and read; taking notice of the Bill for levying a Rate upon 10 , the

the

of.

the cc in 1 h

s:

k:l

heir

0

m:I

fc:n

u.

n i

t,.

L

L;i

h

"-4

determined by

li

*jfO UEO. 111.

the Inhabitants of the City of and Suburbs there-

of, to repay the monies advanced by the Community of the said City, and others, in purchasing Corn, Meal, and other provisions, for the supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in the years 1799 and 1800; and letting forth. That the Tax prayed for by the said Bill is unjust and unprecedented in its principles; that the grounds upon which it is applied for are unfounded in fast, and that the pretended lol's which it is the object thereof to refund, is such as the Petitioners cannot be called upon to replace, being

29° Apr

246?

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving* " cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, " Lanes, and passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County w of; for establishing a nightly Watch in the'laid " Town; for supplying the said Town with pipe-water; " and for improving and regulating the Port and Har-*r bour thereofand for making better provision for the paving, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Car-_ men employed therein; and for the better regulation and matter of individual lpeculation or adventure by those improvement of the Port, and Harbour thereof: And the

lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time;

A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of terfield, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the County of Bridge Derby, was presented to the House, and read; fettin

who thought fit to embark in it: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill being patted into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pe- forth. That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House tition. on the 4th day of March last, notices have been given

at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for Harrow Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the said County, and also three times in the newspaper inclomre Bill, qie gj|[ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open called The Derby Mercury, in the month of March last,

repotte and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and in the present month of April, that application is

within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex, making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for was committed; That the Committee had examined, and building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to ton Ferry, in. the County of Derby, in such and the like

Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the manner as notices are required to be given by the Stand-

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ing Orders of the House, of applications intended to be

and found the lame to be true; and that the parties con- made relative to Bills for building Bridges: And therefore

cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1,827, w^10 refuKd to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Land assessed at

Pefition

respectir

Notices

Wiliingi

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

£.6,282. 15 s.who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to of Land ailelled at £. 404, who could not be met with; them, to the House:

and that the whole property belonging to persons interested And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry Cain the Inclosure is assessed to the Land tax at £. 17,114; vendish, Mr. Mundy, And they are to meet To-

and that no person appeared before the Committee to morrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one- by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

records.

Mr. Dttgdale reported from the Committee, to whom Birmmgh: the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of , in the reported

County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and

grofled.

Member added to bring in Edmcndiham

Ordered, That Mr. Afnley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-

___ suant to the prayer of the Petition ot William He3or

todoiure Bill. Monro and Philadelphia his wife, and of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or persons interested in, the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondsham and Wwithin the Parish

of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset.

te»C of Ablciice.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have leave of absence for a

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Whateley being examined, said, That the Town of Birmingham is very large and populous, and that the Inhabitants thereof, particularly the Artificers and Handicrafts-men, have of late years greatly increased, and that in the said Town there are only two Churches and three small Chapels, which are not sufficiently large to contain the Inhabitants resorting thither for the purpose of Divine Worship; that the Petitioners apprehend that it would be of great benefit and utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if a free Church were built in the said Town for

fortnight, on urgent private business; he having served celebrating Divine Worship, according to the rites of the upon the Select Committee for trial of the Shaflesbury Church of England, and if a fit residence were provided

cleftion.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel have leave of absence for one month, on account of the illness of a near relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Sncydhave leave of absence for a week, on account of the iilness of a near relation.

Hjrfcour Paving Bill, * fafemed.

for a Clergyman to officiate or do duty in such free Church: That certain Inhabitants of the said Town, and several other religioully and well-disposed persons, have voluntarily subscribed several large sums of money, amounting to 4,300, and upwards, for the purpose of erecting such ' . 1 ’ free Church; that, for promoting lo laudable a design, and

Mr. Ormsby presented to the House, according to Or- for the maintenance and support of a resident Clergyman der, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the to officiate in such free Church, the Lord Bishop 3d year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, field and , in whole Diocese the Town of B ir miner-

An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, ham is situated, is desirous of annexing a Prebend of the " of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, SligO, Cathedral Church of Litchfield in the City of Litchfield, to " Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballast-office such free Church, upon condition that he and his fuc-

" in the said City, and each of the said Towns," as relates cessors Bishops of the said Bishoprick for the time being, be to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for invested with the right of nomination of the Minister to repealing an Act, made in the 40th year of the reign of do duty and perform Divine Service in such free Church: Vol. 58. 5 A That

29° A prills.

A. 1803,

That William Philips luge, Esquire, hath voluntarily offered his house so foot! as Tuesday next, when the time limited to give a certain piece of Freehold Land in a convenient for entering into his laid Recognizance will expire, unlei's and desirable part of the Parish of Saint Philip, in the said it be previousy enlarged by the House: And therefore Tovvji, for the purpose of erecting thereon the said free prayingi That the time for entering into his laid Uecogni-Church, but the said piece of Land being now under zance may be enlarged.

lease to John Hawkesford for 120 years, fifteen of which And the House being informed that Mr. Walker, an

were unexpired at Lady Day last, it will be necessary that Apothecary, attended at the door, who could give the

some of the Petitioners, or such other persons as may be ap- House information respecting the state of

pointed, should be empowered to purchase the interests of health j he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon

such leffecs in such land, or to make an adequate compen- oath in relation thereto.

lation to them for the fame.—And the Witness further said, And then he was directed to withdraw'.

That, towards raising a competent llipend for a Clergyman, That the time allowed for the said Mr. Man-

and for defraying the expences of a Clerk and other ne- to enter into his Recognizance be enlarged for thirty

cessary charges, the Petitioners are desirous that the feats days.

Time

enlarged.

lftol

■jour Bill, mbed.

which shall be made in the galleries intended to be erected in the said free Church, may be let at such low yearly or other Rate as the Legislature may think proper.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Biimingaam, in the County of Warwick; and for providing a maintenance and residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof: And that Mr. and

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order,

Sir James St. Clair Erskine presented to the House, ac- Dyfart Har-cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, improving, and pre- bour Bill» serving the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife: i>ielente<i-And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a leeond time.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according Glasgow.and to Order, a Bill to repeal two Acts; passed in the 26th Brid^e Road* and 27th years of the reign of his late Majesty, and also Bill, an Act, made in the 6th year of the reign of His present Prdeirtec1' Majesty. so far as the same relate to the Road leading from

of n lie I

era :j

Lie I

oK;

u [ -]!

a Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Glasgow to Redburn Bridge^ and to continue the term, and

Fort and Harbour of Bristol: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

fiber :d to

land.

alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 27th year of His said present Majesty’s reign, to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of the said Acts, and for the other purposes therein mentioned; and for making and repairing the Road from G/afgow to or

Ordered, That the Lord Binning be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Survey near the Bridge aero's the Kiver Alander, at Lavgbank Farm, '"v offue an(J Report of the Coastsand central Highlands of Scotland, and from thence to join the Roads from to Inch-

fts, &c. of made by the command of the Right honourable the Lords belly Bridge, and to Stralhblane, in the Counties of Lanark, Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802.

ncastle Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to Order, ofure Bill, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open and ‘lUe ’ Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Dumbarton, and Stirling: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

F.xeter Roatfi Petition,

rngum-

Roads

in,

knitted.

rion of Manners

Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ailing Trullees appointed in and by an Act, made in the 13th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious, and for building A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the a Bridge over the River , at or near Countess Wear; and powers, of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Yhorngumba/d, to Pattrington referred; That the Committee had examined, and found Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winejiead that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Brant on's Farm, in pike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been com-the County of York, and for scouring and cleansing the plied with; and that the Committee had examined the said Creek or Haven, was read a second time. matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johnflone, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet this read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act* was read :—And,

Mr. Samuel Pierce being examined, find, That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Act, have widened,

}h

■•v. ['} ' '-lj

:Li

A Petition of John Manners, Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That, on Tuesday the i'ior8en-'e * day this instant April, the Petitioner signed a Pe-■ g into his tition, and caused the same to be presented to the House,

>gni-

complaining of the undue election and return of Charles amended, and repaired, the several Roads therein men-Brooke, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess in this present Par- tioned, and have also rebuilt a Bridge over the River Exe, liament for the Borough of llchester, in the County of and made proper and convenient avenues to the lame, as Somerset; and that an Act passed in the 28th year of the directed by the said Act; and that, in carrying the pur-reign of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of poses of the said Act into execution, very considerable l'ums the t rials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members of money have necessarily been expended, and particularly to serve in Parliament; and the Recognizances required in rebuilding such Bridge, and making such avenues as by the said Act to be entered into by two sufficient Sureties, aforesaid, nearly to the amount of 21,000; and that by for the due prosecution of the Petitioner’s said Petition, reason thereof, and of the great extent of the said Roads, were entered into yesterday, before the Speaker of the House, * being above 160 miles, and the increased price of labour, in such manner and form as are required by the several Acts added to the difficulty and expence of procuring materials of Parliament relating thereto; and that it was the Peti- in several parts of the fame, the said Roads in general can -tioner’s intention to have attended the Speaker, and entered into his Recognizance at the same time his Sureties did, but he was then confined to his room by a severe indisposition, occasioned by an hemorrhage from his lungs; and that he is now indilpol'ed, and is informed by his Phy-lician, that he cannot, without endangering his life, leave

not be kept in such a state of repair as the lafety and coiir venience of the Traveller, and the Laws of this Kingdom require, and in some parts are become so ruinous, that they cannot by any means be repaired by the present re-sources of the trust: ’That the Petitioners have, in purl'u-ance of the said Act, from time to time taken up large l'ums

of

i:

.-J.

ai

ill

cSi

-*j uj£Ui in* 29° Apfilis.

of money on the credit of the Tolls and Duties arising on River Adda Liffey, as thereiri mentioned; and that, in the the said Roads, so that the several sums borrowed on the months of November and December last, from the ufiuiual credit of the former Acts, and of the said Act, amounts to and extraordinary floods in the said River, one of the £. 53,900: That the several Tolls and Duties arising on principal Bridges over the fame, called Ormond Bridge, and the said Roads amount only to the sum of £. 4,809. pet which is situated in the centre of the said City, has been annum, or thereabouts, which, after paying the sum of totally destroyed, by means whereof the Inhabitants have £.2,156. to the Creditors for the interest of the said lum been greatly inconvenienced, and the trade of the said City of^.fj^oo, leaves only the sum of £.2,653, or thereabouts, interrupted; and that other Bridges over the said River to he applied to the repairs of the said Roads, which the being ill a state of decay, the Petitioners caused notices ot Petitioners find to be altogether insufficient for that pur- their intention to apply to Parliament for certain provisions pose.—And the witness being further examined, laid. That to be inserted in the said Bill for rebuilding and repairing the said Act having limited the interest of the sums bor- the said Bridges, though, from the emergency and nature rowed to £. 4. per cent the Petitioners have no prolpcCl of of the case, it was impossible that they could give such being able to raise any additional sums for the repair of notices at the periods prescribed by the Orders of the the said Roads at that rate of interest: That the Petitioners House: And therefore praying, That provision may be find it will require a sum not lei’s than £. 12,000, to put made in the said Bill for the purposes aforesaid; and that the said Roads in good and proper repair, and that the fe- the notices already given, under the emergency of the case, veral Tolls and Duties already granted will be greatly in- may be deemed sufficienD

adequate to the discharge of the interest of the monies now Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-due and owing on the credit of the said Acts, or which sideration of the Committee, to whom the former Petition may hereafter be borrowed for the purposes aforesaid, and of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of , at to the keeping the said Roads in good and proper repair, Trinity Term 1802, is referred: And that they do examine and other neteflary expences attending the execution of the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it the said trulls; and that it would tend greatly to further shall appear to them, to the House. and facilitate the execution thereof, if the powers given by the said A(51 were explained, amended, and enlarged, or Mr. from the Sele<ft Committee, appointed Dublin

repealed, and new powers granted: That the Petitioners, to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William the Trustees nominated in the said Act for building a Conyngli Plunket, Esquire, LL. D. complaining of an un- determined. Bridge at Countess Wear, and for widening and repairing due election and return for the College and University of

the Roads leading thereto, proceeded in the said business, the Holy and Undivided , near informed the

in which was expended the sum of £.3,512. 1 or. which House,

money was borrowed on the credit of the Tolls, and now That the said Select Committee have determined,

remains due to the Creditors, with a considerable sum for That the Honouraole George Knox is duly elected a

interest. , Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for College and University: more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in re- And also, that the said Select Committee have deter-pair, Exe Bridge, and Count efs Wear Bridge, and the Roads mined,

leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and im- That the Petition of the said William Conyngham Plunket proving the several Roads leading to and from the City of did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivo-Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto: And that lous or vexatious.

Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde and Mr. Btiller of Exeter do And the said determinations were ordered to be en-prepare, and bring in, the fame. tered in the Journals of this House.

Pttition A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in exe-Kcwcs for cut>on two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Ma-P(ffloiund jesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing bnciter the Road from Preston to L and from thence to a place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lan-

cq/I er and Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, pursuant to leave granted by the House, notices have been given of the application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of the said Acts, and for placing the Road leading out of the present Road, at or near the Guide Post in the Township of S/yne with Hejl, to or near a place called Heft Bank, in the said Township, under the care and management of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, General Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Cw-nsf’s

Bill,

4t, Mrtd.

Diib’-'n

-•Tonal

Uon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Mole House, to whom the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their Expences in the due execution of their oflice, was committed, be received upon Monday next.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at Hilary 'Term 1803, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, in this present Session, presented a Petition to the House, praying for a Bill to rebuild and improve the walls of the Vol. 58.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Com- Report mittee, appointed to consider of giving powers to Justices repa^ngof of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County County Bridges, and to report the fame, with their Opinion there- Bn<l£es' upon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolu-tions of tire Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the powers given by the different Statutes now' in force, relative to the repair of County Bridges, are in feme respects defective.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surveyors of County Bridges, appointed by Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, should have the fame power to get, take, and carry away, stones, gravel, 1

fend, and other materials, for the repair of Roads over j’

Bridges and the Roads for the space of three hundred feet at each of the ends thereof, and to remove obstructions and annoyances to such Bridges and Roads, as are given to the;

Surveyors of Highways by virtue of an Act, passed in the 13th year of the reign of His present Majesty, making satisfaction for the damages done thereby, in the same manner as is directed by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace in General Quarter Sessions should. be empowered to alter the situation of County Bridges, and to widen and enlarge the fame, and the Roads for the Ipacc of three hundred feet at each of the ends thereof; and to order their Surveyor to agree for the recompence to be made for the ground to be taken for those purposes, not exceeding one acre at any one such Bridge; and, if the said Surveyor cannot agree with the Owner or Owners for the

ii ....

368

29° Ap

A. 1803.

Bill.

the purchase thereof, or by reason of the absence of such A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are petition of Owner or Owners shall be prevented from treating, then the thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Burgefi'es, or Freehoide?, said Justices shall have power to impannel a Jury at the Housekeepers, in the Town and County of the Town of of Nottln^ Quarter Sessions to aflel's the compensation for such lands, Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; ham Ek&iwt and for the damage to be done, in the same manner as taking notice of the Bill for the more effectually prelerv-they are authorized and empowered by the said Act of ing the Peace, and securing the freedom of Election, in the the 13th year of the reign of His present Majesty, in rela- said Town; and setting forth. That the Petitioners, from lion to Highways. a long experience of the evils existing under the present

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That inadequate pro t eft ion of the said Town, are well satisfied

that some effectual. steps are necessary to be taken for carrying the purposes intended by the said Bill into effect; and that the Petitioners have frequently observed,

the Inhabitants of Counties should have power of suing, and being sued, in the name of their Surveyor, or some other public Officer

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that the present Magistracy of the said Town have not provision should be made for the more clearly afeer- been able to preserve the peace, or to.protest the persons taining the description of Bridges hereafter to be erected, and property of the loyal Inhabitants of Nottingham, at

ommittfcon

.unatic’s ft.Ues Bill.

which Inhabitants of Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, shall and may be bound or liable to repair and maintain.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England and Ireland respectively, and the granting of Lealcs of the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

elections, or at any other times when the aid and assist-ance of the Magistracy were required: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the BurgdTes, Freeholders, and Inhabi- Petition of tants, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That by the said Bill, the present exclusive jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town of Nottingham, within the limits thereof, is intended to be taken away, and a concurrent authority therein given to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners beg to express their full confidence in the powers vested in the Magistrates of

.Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Nottingham, under the present Corporate jurisdiction; and.

, th mi irtl, tKr> »-< 1 II o n M m nnP fptT.»n I A r>-» onrl mem t e . , , 1 * * . 1 . 1 . i' 1 * nr

Reported.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report

that the Petitioners, bowing with the utmost submission and respect to such regulations as the House shall provide for preserving the Peace and freedom of Election, do nevertheless trust that the House wRl not permit the extraordinary jurisdiction, which may for these purposes be granted, to interfere within the Town of Nottingham in the other functions of Magistracy, but that the ancient and

4!

Id

>7:

C

c

ccai

Icq

ft

cn

JulVJ

siii

?Ti

ir 2?3

" led:

A:

k

Aa

i?rr , X.

.in

j,

i1

c: ot

l;

Sfc:

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and Corporate rights granted by Royal Charters to the said

i , _ 1 - .1 1 u 1 L? I I L-% 4 K /x A .-v # 1 m a, M _ t 1 i 1 /*

Lepo ^•respedHng jF-aft India (Company's Revenues.

1

1

1

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed (or the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contider of so much of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, fora fur-" ther term, the possession of the Britislo Territories in India, " together with theirexclufiveTrade, undercertain Limita-" tions; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration ' " of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain " uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; " and for making provision for the good order and go-" vernment of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bom-" hay," as relates to the appropriation of the Revenues and Profits of the said Company, That he was directed by the Committee to move the Hou(e, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the East India Company to defray the expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the East India Company to defray the expences of certain. Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company: And that Mr. Alexander, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. At-

Town may be preterved inviolate: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are petition of thereunto subscribed, being Clothiers, or otherwise con- ^}^ie^rof cerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the County of provision n York, was presented to the House, and read; taking no- WooMenMa-tice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; and gl/C urers setting (orth, That the powers and provisions of the said Bill, respecting an Act, pafi'ed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing di-" vers orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Huf-" bandry, and Apprentices," extend only to the repeal thereof, so far as relates to the Woollen Manufacture in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and; and that

the said Act, so far as the fame relates to apprenticeships in the trade or business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of weaving, dying, and cloth dressing, hath become obsolete, and is inapplicable to the present (late of the Woollen Manufacture, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed, (o far as may be applicable to apprenticeships in the aforesaid trades or businesses in the County of York, or that the fame may be wholly repealed with respect to the kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

tr,

Y

X I p

t cl

I>.iy*appointed for Thiid reading of T'dinbureh Roads Bill.

torney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, ma^er thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear and bring in, the fame. to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr. Wilber-

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging and altering the force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, powers ot, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and the 2,4th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

4th, 24th, 25th, 29th, and 38th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, be read the third time upon Monday next.

*5

The House was moved. That the two first of the Orders, for

made upon the 20th day of this instant April, for laying cy, ms, before the House, certain Accounts of the quantity of specting

certain Accounts 1

Co!

t*& 5-jSS

Oiutf

A prills-—2° Mali.

369

*tJ VXiiU. Ill*

India Cotton Yarn arid Twist, imported and exported* from and from a place called The TLaws, to in the

1750 to 1780 inclusive, might be read. laid County, was referred} That the Committee had exa-

And the said Orders being read accordingly} mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

Ordered, That the said Orders be dilchaiged. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with} and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- that the Committee had examined the matter of the said count of the quantity of Cotton Yarn and Twist imported Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it into this Country, from the year 1750 to 17S0 inclusive} appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

distinguishing each year, and the countries from whence imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ao count of the quantity of Foreign Cotton Y arn and Twist exported from this Country, from the year 1750 to 1780 inclusive; distinguishing each year, and the Countries to which exported.

I1

port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. Rowland H'at fen being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Nottingham The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Tolls, which have been duly applied in the repair of the

Eitftion Bill, log of the Bill for the more effectually preserving the Peace, said Roads; that the money so borrowed cannot be paid

' and leaning the freedom of Election, in the Town of Not.off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in tingham, and County of the said Town; repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, the

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time. Tolls incicafed, and some further and other powers

And the counsel against the Bill was called in And the said Bill was read a second time.

And the several Petitions against the said Bill, which

granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

Were presented to the House upon Monday last, and yes- powers, of two Acts, palfed in the 28th year of King 1 1 George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Well end of Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near in the County

ol and from a place called The Two Laws, to

Kighley, in the said County of York: And that Mr. berforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

CctVir Fid fcyp Petition, ferorted.

terday, were allb read

And the counsel against the said Bill was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Will'crforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution two Acts passed in the 28th year of his late Majesty, and 2! ft year of His present Majesty, for re [lairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Cocking End, near/iddingham, in the Wilt Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was reiericd; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of

Ordered, That the Account of the number of Vessels, Account of and the amount of their Tonnage, together with the num- be printed ber of Men and Boys employed in navigating the lame, which were employed either in the Transport Service or as armed Ships, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing each year; be printed for the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the day being read;

R, That this House will, upon Monday next, supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- <3cferrc<1‘ the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Complied fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. with; and that the Committee had examined the matter Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Ways and of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fame, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply *rr* ‘ the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at granted to His Majesty. the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as

followeth; viz. And then the House adjourned till Monday

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Acts were read :—And,

Mr. William Dixon, being examined, laid, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several luins of money on the credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied in the repair of the said Road; that the term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the money lo borrowed cannot be paid oiF, nor the said Road efTedually amended, and kept in renair, unless the said term be continued, the Tolls increased, and some further and otiier powers granted

=9

Lunas, 2° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, i8oj*

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, flarro# the Open anfd Common Fields, Commons, and Waste cloture Billy Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of

tinuiBg the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of Middlesex, was read the third time; k

two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the Second, Resolved, Thar the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for repairing the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Road from Cocking End, near in the Weft

Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Wilberforceand Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrozv, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mbn

ferinh,

r^prttd.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Lord Shrew Mr. Wilberforcreported from the Committee, to whom vesting part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable rad*

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties ot Salop, ,’ execution two Acts, passed in the 28th year of the reign Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustees to be sold, and of his late Majesty, and in the 21ft year of the reign of for laying out the Monies to arise by such sale in the His present Majesty, for amending and widening the purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled Roads from the Weft end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, in lieu thereof, to the same uses, and subject to the fame through Hawopth, in the County of York, to a place restrictions, was read the first time,

called Blue Bell, near Colne,' in the County of Lancaster, Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Vofc.58. 5 B The

,y

370

2°

*t of Order Little mberton,

Incloi'ure Bill,

charged.

The House was moved, That the Order, made lipofi the 16th day of February latt, that leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunro subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Li and in the Hamlet or District of Penfham, in the Parish of Saint Andrew -shore, in the County of IVo, might be read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the Persons interested in the said Parish and Hamlet, were delirous that the Land in the Hamlet or District of Penfham should not be included in the said Bill.

Ordered, That to much of the said Order as relates to •the Hamlet or District of Penjhmn, be discharged.

Mr Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, •el'envtd a for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and

ewkley

Limble and llefborou^h ncloi'ure Bill, refcnted.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of , in

the County of Buckingham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and EUe in the County of

Buckingham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A. 1803.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presenteci to the House, according Bedford to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and Ro; i's B<<i enlarging the powers, of two Acts, palfed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the VVdt end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through , in

the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a place called The Two Laws, to Ktghley, in the said County of York: And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Cocking Kn< to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and Bill, enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of PrblC!lt!;il> King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, /or repairing the Road from Cocking End, neat Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

.ittle Com-erton In-loi'ure Bill* relented.

P

A Petition of the several Persons, w hole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County of was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 15th day of March last, notices have been given on the door of the Parish Church of Runcorn, on three Sundays in the month of March and in the month of April last, that application is making to Parliament for Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing.

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Comberton, in the County of Worcester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Derwent [lridge Petion, reported. 1

the several Commons and Waste Lands in the said Township: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

1

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Merchants, Traders, Manufactures, and others, whose names

are thereunto subscribed, residing in the East and West Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingston-tipon-Hull, was referred; That the Committee had exa- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- petitio« mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, unto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates near reiptaim^ relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied the places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, ^v^riley* with; and that the Committee had examined the matter and read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the by the House, on the 4th day of March last, notices have fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read been given three times in the newspaper called The Man-the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at chester Chronicle, in the said month of March, that applica-r" Where the fame was read; and is as tionis making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for

Roads.

the Clerk’s Table followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Spojforth being examined, said. That the River

Derwent, at Loftfome, divides the Parishes of IVreJfel and Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York,

more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from IVorftey Mill, in the Parish of Ecrles, to or near a certain place called Moses Gate, in Farmvorth, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And therefore praying, That leave

where is the direct Road from the Town of Kingston-upon- may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes

Hull to Leeds; that the passage over the Ferries upon the said River is at all times attended with delay, in some seasons dangerous, and at others impafl'able; and if a Bridge was erected at or near the Ferry at Loftfome, the fame would b£ of great public utility, and of essential benefit and service to the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftfome Ferry, from the Parish of fVreffel to the opposite shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. iVilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

emsworth Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according efenud *° Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the *en e ' several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

"01

0

tk

wo:

Gw.

p

Jj'r:

Ci

Pef’tion.Tt*

spefling Notice? for Hit-ton Inclosurf.

fcC

lii tu i

G

h:\

fsiti

v:v,

liT.’ ii

T,-.

ti'jc:

<--v

I/.

Bill to;

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- pjikd " monsand Waste Grounds within the Town ship of Old-" ham, in the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster," was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-second year

Oldham IncloOire

v- Q

:-41

' *■'.! ’;,:0

within the Parish of Hemsworth, in the West Riding of the of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for County of York: And the fame was received; and read " dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and the first time. " Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. " Parish

E-'H

Petition for I provision in ptale Marsh Jndolure Biiii j reported.

uiiui in* 2° Meat,

« Pari Hi of PrJzmch-cum-Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lane afar

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and defiie their concurrence.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and

371

tioners signed the said Petition uriadvisedly, and under misapprehension; but, upon mature consideration and diligent enquiry, they find that the Allegations of the said Petition are not founded in fast, and they are now thoroughly convinced that such a Bill is wholly unnecefi faryj and that the said Church, instead of being in a ruinous and dangerous state, is sufficiently found and lub-stantial; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would

P-Y;

Grounds, having right of Common on that part of a cer- be placing an unnecefl’ary burthen upon the said Parish, tain tract of Common or Waste Land called The Pease and which the Petitioners are convinced it is wholly un-Marsh, situate within the Manors of Lcfeiey and Pojed, able to bear: And therefore praying, That the House will which lies within the Parish of Sha/Jord, in the County of grant them permission to withdraw their names from the Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, laid Petition for the said Bill} and that they may be heard.

and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, so far as respects a small part of the said Manor of Lofeley which lies within the Parish of Sha!Jordin the said County, on the Church door of which said last mentioned Parish no hotice has been given; the Petitioners conceiving at the time that notice was given of the intended application to Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Land called The Pease Marsh, that it all lay within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas in Guildford, and within the Manor of Po/Jled, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey, and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

by themselves, or their counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Lozvtker presented to tire House; according to Alffon in-

Order, a Bill for dividing; allotting; inclosing, and other-wile improving, several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Manor of AJon, dthetwife AIston Moor and GarrogiU, in the Parish of A Jon', and County of Cumber land t

And the lame was received; and read the first time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time;

Mr. Lee reported from the Committee, id whom the Petitions for several Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for Compensation on to Irish Court* account of Losses which the Petitioners alledge they may Bill, reported, sustain, in case the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pieas, and Ex-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ed- chequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, ward Bray being examined, laid. That the Division, Allot- should pass into a Law, were referred; That the Comment, and Inclosure, intended by the said Bill, cannot be mittee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and rendered complete or effectual, without a very increased had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to expence in fencing the allotments, unless provision is made them* to the House; and he read the Report in his in the said Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing so much of the said trad; of Common or Waste Land, called The Pease Marsh, as is situate within the said Parish of Ska, ford.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

fr* y - -

W/f

I*

Bit to amend | Sir John Fredetick presented to the House, according to

Croydon in- (^r(jerj a gill for altering and amending the powers of an

tlolure Art, pitbtnL

in

place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matters of the said Petitions; and agreed to the following Report:

That it appears to Your Committee, upon examining the said Petitions, and from the information of several Members present. That there are several Officers in the

Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and that the office of the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and Clerk of the Pleas in the said Court is an office held dur-inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common ing life, under His Majesty’s Letters Patent, as appears by

" Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and " Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the " Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

monlham heiofure Bill, preiuited.

the said Patent produced before Your Committee j that the said office of Clerk of the Pleas is executed by deputy* and that there are two deputies in the said office: That there is also a Deputy Serjeant at Arms, a Pursuivant, a Clerk of the Rules, a Deputy Keeper of the Seals, and also several other Clerks, appointed to do the business of Mr. Ashley presented to the House, according to Order, the said office, as appears by the annexed Lift: And that* a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, as the operation of the Bill now before the House may Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the tend to transfer to the Other foperior Common Law Courts Manors of Edmond/ham and (Vesworth, within the Parish in Ireland, some proportion of the business now carried on of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset i And the fame in the Court of Exchequer, the lawful fees and profits now

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

ition of

Pftiti

Inhabits, re. Jpc&nr ^4 $1

received by the several Officers in the said Court of Exchequer, will, in such event* be thereby neeeffarily diminished.

Your Committee have also received information from several Members present, That, besides the above-mentioned

A Petition of the thereunder-fsigned Inhabitants of the Parish of C/irJ Church, in the County of Surrey, was pre-_ fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Officers who have petitioned this House, there are several

gigs* Petitioners did, some time since, sign a Petition to the other Officers in the Court of Exchequer entitled to re-

House for leave to bring in a Bill for taking down and re- ceive several lawful fees and perquisites; which said fees

building the Parish Church of ChriJ Church, in the County and perquisites may in like manner be diminished in value

of Surrey (except the tower thereof) and for enlarging the by the operation of the said Bill,

'Burial Ground belonging thereto; and that the Peti*

Vol. $1

LIST

372

2° Mail

A. 1803.

LIST of Officers of the CoORT of Exchequer, as appears from the Petitions referred to the Committee.

NAMES. Nature of OfHce« Date of Appointment. Tenure. Hoiv shewn.

Lord Hobart - - Clerk of the Pleas - - acth December 1793 During life - - By Patent.

5 f? -j si 1 1 Deputy Clerks of the Pleas { - 1798 - * I- - 1778 - - Does not appear - D‘ - - By Petition. D\

John Forjler - - Deputy Serjeant at Arms Does not appear * - - D° - - D\

Robert O'Hara Pursuivant ----- - D* - j Stated in Petition to be by Patent.

Gerald Byrne - - Clerk of the Rules - - - - 1785 - - - D° - - By Petition.

David Courtenay - Deputy Keeper of the Seals Does not appear - - - D° - - D°.

Richard Patten Clerk in the Pleas Office - - - D# - - - - D# - - D\

Thomas Smith, fen. - - D° - - - - * - D° — — - D° - - D\

Henry Teo - D° - - D° - - - - D° - - D\

John Carey - - Clerk of the Pleadings 1 1 0 OO 1 4 - D* - - D°.

William Farran - Clerk in the Pleas Office - Does not appear - - - D° - - I)0.

Thomas McNulty - _ - D° - * - - - - D- - - - - D" - - D\

Thomas Smith, jun. - - D* - . D# - - - - D° - - D".

James Biron * - - - _ D» - - D* - - - - D° - - D-.

Henry Jro Carey - - D* - - D* - - - - D* - - D°.

Launcelot Lewis - - - D* - - 1767 - - - D° - - D°.

Joseph Mathers - - D" - - - - Does not appear - - - D" - - D°.

William Mathers - D* - - 1778 - - | - D° - - D\

*' 0'-vil I

t:

i!:;

• A:

v.:.

u\:.

tord Roden’» iF.ltate Bill, read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Table.

Aningrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the sale of part of the Estates of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the intent and purposes therein mentioned) and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof, to the same uses, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

t’etition’of

Cuiiody.

- ft

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-A Petition of John Simpson, late Mayor of the Borough grofled. s!obcai^pfon of Grin the County of Lincoln, was presented

■ sharped from to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Lord George Henry Cavendish presented to the Walton in-

is a poor man, not worth £.200. without education, and House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, scarcely able to read or write; and that he has a wife now and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, p

within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

’labouring under sickness (occasioned partly by her grief for his situation) and five children, all depending upon the labour and industry of the Petitioner for their support and maintenance; and that the Petitioner at present rents two small farms, one of £.40. a year, and the other of £. 10. but he has received a notice to quit the possession of the former at May-day next; and that the Petitioner is now duly sensible of the justice of the Committee before whom the merits of the Great Grimsby Petition were tried, in having reported him to the House, and is truly sorry for Parish of in the County of Derby: And the fame

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the Wormhill In* House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and p Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the

’tl

v j'

<•(

his milconduift, but prays that he may be permitted to assure the House, that his misconduct proceeded entirely from his ignorance, and not from any corrupt or partial motives; and that the Petitioner is duly sensible of the great clemency and mercy of the House in having com-

__•, , i i *, . 1 n i r * 1 n , ^. a ________ 1

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Incorporated Trades of the City of Petition ol^ Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; taking

Oakley Inclosure Bill, reported.

mitted him to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and notice of the Bill for levying a Rate upon the Inhabitants Ghpow,^ most humbly prays the forgiveness of the House for his- of the said City, and suburbs thereof, to repay the monies g^com&U offence; and that the House will be pleased further to ex- advanced by the Community of the 'laid City, and others, in tend their mercy to the Petitioner, and order him to be purchasing Corn, Meal, and other provisions, for the supply discharged from his confinement, and allow him to return of the Inhabitants thereof, in the years 1799 and 1800; home to his wife and family. and setting forth, That the Tax proposed by the said Bill is

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. not just or necessary, and will be injurious to the rights and

privileges of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill may not pals into a Law; and that the Pcti-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and tioners maybe heard, by themselves, their counsel, and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Com- agents, against the fame.

mons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Com- until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Pe-mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders titioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, and of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they complied with; and that the Committee had examined think fit.

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard at the true; and that the parties concerned had given their con- fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pe-. sent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and tition,

A Petition

*HO UKO. Ill*

2° Mail,

373

petition of Manufactu* rtri of Nor-vrich, for provision in Woollen Manufacturers

Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Mr. Dugdale prefen ted to the House* according to Order. Birmin»f>»n

unto subscribed, being Manufacturers of Woollen and a Bill for ereftinganew Church, to be called Christ Church,

VVorfted Goods in the City of Norwich, was presented to the in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, pr House, and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the and for providing a maintenance and residence for the Woollen Manufacture; and setting forth. That the said Minister or perpetual Curate thereof: And the lame was

received; and read the first time.

Refo That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill is for repealing, amongst other things, an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, containing divers orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hul-bandry, and Apprentices, id far as the lame relates to Apprenticeships in the trade or business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of weaving, dying, and cloth-dressing, in the Counties of Gloucefnr, Wilts, and Somerset; and that the reasons assigned in the said Bill for the repeal of the said Act, so far as the lame is by the said Bill proposed to be repealed, apply with

Ordered, That Lord Francis Godolph Osborne have leave Leave of Ab of absence for a month, on urgent private business; he fe, ic<‘ having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Dublin University election.

Ord, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Jjj ther consideration the Report, which was made from the Keport°oB° equal force to the City of Norwich, the County of the fame Committee, appointed to consider of giving Powers to Juf- County City, and the County of Norfolk: And therefore praying, tices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County That provision may be made in the said Bill for extending Bridges, be now read.

' ’ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration ffpon Wednesday next.

the same to the said City and County Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed,

being Clothiers, or otherwise concerned in the Woollen , _____ ,__________0____

Manufacture, in the County of York, is referred: And that further consideration the Report from the Committee the

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Militia Fa.

Seagill In-dol'ure Bill, presented.

they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 19th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, iC lying in the Manor of Sleagiily in the County of Weft* " morlandand for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

That the Bill be read a second time.

Reagill Inclo-furt Bill, presented.

Bidden In-dofure Bill, reported.

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 7th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Weft morland; and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Dickius reported from the Committee, to whom the

whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual service, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve Committe. itself int.o a Committee of the whole House, to consider °King's°f further of so much of His Majesty’s mostgracious Speech Speech, to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November Mercantile I last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all Tran (action •, the facility and accommodation that may be consistent deferred* with the security of the Public Revenue;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-:

solve itlclf into the said Committee. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third ®dl^uBrsj’ reading of the ingrossed Bill, for enlarging and altering the paired. ' * powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the 24th and 28th years of his late Majesty, and of the 4th,

24th, 25th, 29th, and 38th years of His present Majesty’s

reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in )

Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common the County of Edinburgh, be now read.

if--

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari Hi and Liberties of,

in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Lnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grclled.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word, " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words, " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put, That the word, *« now," stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for.he Yea}

rr> 11 r ., XT (Mr . Ro )

tellers for the Noes,~ c r a- l

’(Sir James St. Clair Erfkrne;)

119*

106.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time. The laid Bill was accordingly read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- by way of Ryder, for preventing Toll being levied on

fatiois of Sfifn of undish

'fraft4'’ ^cupiers of Lands and Tenements in the Counties of "ooiita Ma. Wins, and Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a law.

n

Into subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being carts returning loaded with manure.

~ And the Question being put. That the said Clause be

brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act; for enlarging and altering the powers of, and ren-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- dering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty-fourth, ^deration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty, and of the committed. fourth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and

Vol. 38, 1 5 C thirty-

374

2—3° Mail.

A. 1803.

thirty-eighth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for re- the Bill for the more effectually preferring the Peace, and pairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County securing the freedom of Election, in the Town of Nottingham,

of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

ccount of

lij)s which *11

ive exported count of all Ships that have exported Corn, from the aoth

Jorn,

\lered.

'uncjannon

Writ.

day of March last, to the l ft day of this instant May.

The Honourable George Knox, being chosen a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the College and University of the Holy and Undivided , near Dublin;

and also a Burgess for the Borough of Dungannon, in the County of Tyrone, made his election to serve for the said College and University.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the

and County of the said Town, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved it felt'into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ashley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ashley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ashley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

.If

ft

D-

Reported

thrift Church Church Bill, committed.

Borough of Dungannon, in the County of Tyrone, in the throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, room of the said Mr. Knox. * upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed

to by the House.

, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Chriji Church, in the County of Surrey, except the tower thereof, and for enlarging the Burial Ground belonging thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon Friday last, praying

morrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

■Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Irish Court* Bill, deferred.

to be beard by ttemselves, their count!, agents, and wit- ,he Bi|, render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of neftl’s, against the said bill, did not desire to be heard m King.s Bench> CommoJ PlcaSj and Exc|lcquer, in personal

Petition

against,

‘ referred, and Counl'e I ordered.

did not desire to be heard in this llage of the Bill;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sivjoltn Frederick, Lord IVill!am Rujcll,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have

Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 2ift and 2zd years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " time for Trials by Nift Priits, in the City and County of " Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants inpersonal Actions.

Supply,

deterred.

voices.

Account of* Proceedi.igs j, relative to i Naval ? Departments, . oidered.

Coroner's

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the further proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, respecting the matters Bated in the Reports of the Committee of Finance, so far as they relate to the Naval Departments, in addition to the Papers presented to the House on the 4th of October 1799, the 27th of January 1800, and the 16th of February 1801.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deterred, lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

ft;

Mr. Harvey, according to Order, reported from the Com-Bdi, reported. ni[ttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an additional Allowance to Coroners, in confederation of the increase of their Expences in the due execution of their office, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing. That in cases of wrecks, where several bodies are thrown on fiiore, Coroners shall not be entitled to a greater allowance for travelling than in the case of taking an inquest on a single body.

And the said Clause was read the first time; and, with ’ leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Committee on Nottingham Election Bill.

Ordered,1 hat the Order of the day, for the House to resolve ltlelfmto a Committee of the whole House, upon

Martis,3° die Mail;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. Blackburneof Lancashirereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, petiVion, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of j reported,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for the improving any City or ’lown, and Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the . Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Carr being examined, said. That for time immemorial, previous to the 12th day of January 1774, a Market was, holden at Blackburn, on Monday in every week; but by reason of several other markets being held in the neighbourhood on the fame day, it was found more convenient

.ft

"ft

fjy

ft

‘ft

' ':i:! •ft?

Nfc

Q!

psL

:(b c-.

tWnt Bridge Bill, prcleottd.

P

w, •'

tition of Merchants, *c> of York, !or Provision ln Woollen

«r»Bill.

vx*u. *11. 3° Jfott. 375

venient to persons resorting to the market at Blackburn to come obsolete, and is inapplicable to the present state alter the market day from the Monday to the Wednesday* of the Woollen Manufacture; and it is expedient that the on which day the market has been since held; that it fame should be repealed, so far as may be applicable to would be a great advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Apprenticeships in the aforesaid trades or bufineficsj in the Town, and the neighbourhood, if proper rules and orders County of York, or that the fame may be wholly repealed were established for the due and effectual regulation of the with relped to the kingdom in general: And therefore laid market.—That wit bin the said Township of Black-praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill lor burn, there is a parcel of waste ground, called The Town those purposes.

Moor, containing ten customary acres, or thereabouts, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi-which, by a decree of the Chancellor and Council of the deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Duchy Court of the said County Palatine, dated 20th June f6i8, was adjudged and decreed to be employed and used, for ever, to and for the recreation of the people of

matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

the said Town of Blackburn, and other public purposes force. See.And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning,

AJIerton By» *ater Inclo-forc Bill, Ponied

therein mentioned; and that the profits, or pasture or herbage of the said land, should from thenceforth for ever be received, uled, taken, and enjoyed, for the good and profit of the said Town, and of the Poor thereof: That the said waste ground at present affords very little profit or advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but is capable of great improvement, and if the fame were divided, and fold in parcels, liibjed to the payment of annual chief rents, and if the profits arising therefrom were applied for the benefit of the said Town, and in aid of the Poor’s Rates thereof (which are now become very burthensome) it would be of great advantage to all the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of public utility.—And the Wit-ncls further laid, That the Town of Blackburn is a populous and trading Town, and daily increasing, and it would be a great improvement, and tend to the safety and convenience, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but to ail persons resorting to or passing through the fame, it the llrects, lanes, and pafl'ages, were cleanled, lighted? watched, and regulated, and kept free from nuisances, encroachments, obstrudions, and annoyances, and iome of them widened and improved, and if sufficient engines, and able men, were kept and employed for extin-guhhing ol Hies which may happen within the said Town.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for dividing, inclosing, and disposing of a parcel of Waste Ground within the Township of Blackburn, called The Town's Moor; and for watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating, the streets and other places within the said Town: And that Mr.

burne of Lane eft.Ire, and Air. Stanley do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftfome , from the Parish of Wrestelto the opposite Ihore in the Parish in the East Riding of the County of And the

lame was received; and read the first time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of AllertonBywater, in the Parish of

at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition re. Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution t,n^! two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and ton and Lan the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a ,ef>'r place called HeiringSyke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and IVefmorland; was referred j That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; ancf afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followetii; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Grinjhawbeing examined said. That, pursuant to

leave granted by the House, on the tft day of April last, notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, and also published three times in the newspaper called The Lancaster Gazetteer, of the Application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of the said Acts, and for placing the Road leading out of the present Road, at or near the Guide Post in the Township of S/yne with Heft, to or near a place called Heft Bank, in the said Township, under the care and management of the Petitioners.

The House was moved. That the Report which, Upon the 30th day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution tu'o Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to con- Eilt ordered, tinue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in repair the.Road from the Guide Puft in the Township of S/yne, with Heft, to a place called Heft Bank, in the said

%«r, in the Weft Rkling of the Cou’n.7 of M, And And that Mr. and the Marquis of

H,;V,----- :..J . do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

the lame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers concerned in the Woollen Manufacture

lords

in

the

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Road, Bi; Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Carnarvon, to u

or near a place called Caenant, in the County of Merio-

to be eon-fcdered.

County of Pork, was presented to the House, and read; net^t and from in the Parish of to

taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manu ladure; and letting forth. That the powers and provisions of the said Bill respecting an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An " Ad containing divers orders for Artificers, Labourers, " Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," extend only to the repeal thereof, lo far as the fame relates to the Woollen Manufacture in the Counties fVilts,

and Somerset; and that the said Act, so far as the lame re-

lates to Apprenticeships in the trade or business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Ma-nufadurc of weaving, dying, and cloth-drefiLng, Jiath be-

Vol. 58.

the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of L/anfymdwy, and from a place called to or near to Cape/ Ccrrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglajlyn, in the said Counties, be taken into confederation upon Friday next.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom King’s the Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and ,d improving, the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County reported. ’ of Norfolk, and for removing nuisances and (annoyances therein; and for licensing a certain number of hackney

coaches

376

3" Maii.

A. 1803.

coaches and sedan chairs to be employed therein, and for fixing and regulating the fares of the Hackney Coachmen ana Chairmen, and for fixing and regulating the wages to be paid to Porters and for holding the Saturday and bead markets within the said Borough, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

to enable the Jfustices of Peace, aiding for the Western, Division of the County of , to purchase a convenient piece of ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply part of the County Stock of the said division towards the fame and to enable the Justices of the Peace fov

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true •, and the said County to hold a yearly General Sessions of the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Peace, for the purpose of examining, passing, and allow-several Amendments thereunto, which they had diverted ing, the Accounts of the Treasurers of the two divisions him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his of the said County; and for the better regulation and place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- payment of the public Expences of the said County, was ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- read a second time.

That the Bill be committed to Sir William , Mr.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’3 Chamber.

ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

>yfart Har->our Bill, omniittod*

Petition of [n habitant* of Sinclairtown, igainst D°

Bill.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Cattle By than* Common Fields, Meadows, Pailures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari Hi of Castle Bytham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, of the clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Sibthorp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, improving, and preserving the Habour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife, was read a second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Mr. Ferguson, See.And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of -town, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill: and setting forth, That the Petitioners were greatly surprized when they understood the

L.

Oi

li:

x- r;

con

tb.

no

r:

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Horncastle and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncastle,

Magistrates of Dyfart had included the Town of Sinclair- in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

town in their application for & Revenue towards the improvement of Dyfart Harbour; that Sinclairtozvn is quite detached, and at the distance of a mile from the Borough of Dyfart; that it is not within its liberties, nor subject to its Magistrates; that it is altogether unconnected with it by either interest or intercourse; that

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin,

Mr. Sibthorp, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Selby Bridge reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual,

A:.:

Kirkaldy Harbour is the Port they use for importing and an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present exporting their goods, and should any of their articles Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from accidentally pass through Dyfart Harbour, they pay Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the double Shore Dues the same as any stranger at the greatest opposite Ihore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East distance: And therefore praying, That the said Town Riding of the same County, be now read. '

may not be included in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Alloa liar-hour and Paving, &c. Bill, predated.

Oakley Inclosure Bill, palfed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the several Merchants, and other Persons, residing in the City of York, and at various places in the County of York, who petitioned this House upon the 19th day of April last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Laj rcelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor Petition of Sir James St. Clair Erstine presented to the House, ac- and Commonalty of the City of York, of the Trustees of cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the City of York, and against, «-a6th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for improv- of several Merchants, Traders, Mailers, and Owners of £^,’ynd ing the Harbour of Alloa, for paving, cleansing, and light- Ships and Vessels trading upon the said River, and other or° er£i ing the Town of Alloa, and removing and preventing Persons interested in the navigation thereof, whole names nuisances and obstructions therein; for establishing a Mar- are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the ket in the said Town; and for supplying the Inhabitants House upon the 19th day of April last, and then ordered thereof with water: And the fame was received; and to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a iecond

time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, hefore the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

OThat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time;, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Membtfr added to in Great

K.<rnt Gaol And County Rates Bill,

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 9th year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, " At^ Act

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Per- Huckl<»* fons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being inte- Inclosurt reded in divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the

Township

43 Geo. ML

3°-

-4° M

377

Township Liberty of Great Huek/ow, in the Parish of Ordered, That Mr. HavAius Govern do carry the Rill

Hope, in the County of Derby. to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill,

presented.

.■.irb.*:

H0T2E! Irc'v -M»2i

several Open, Common, and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Failures, Wades, and other Commonable and uninclosed Linds and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Hueklom, in the Parish of , in the County of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first time* Resolved, That the Bill be read a ilcond time.

Spirit u:i

Per. or re-cuiui:

Message

from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

brntHuck- Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according c That the Order of the day, for taking into Bill to

low indofure f0 Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclolinw, the *Lirt^er conf>deration the Report Horn the Committee of

° " the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render

more dll-dual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding or Farms, and for enforcing the reside.nce cf Spiritual Persons on rheir Benefices* was committed, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Consider itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carezv reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Exnirin? Law Kill.

The Lord* A

huve agreed to Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

irish Revenue The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, to much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported. and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indofure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of Beamish, otherwise Beami/hPark, in the Parish of Chefer-le-Street, and County of Durham; without any Amendment: And alibi

jamingW The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act liiciomreBiil. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted

Psfture, called The Coca Cdofin the Township of Bar-ningham, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution the several Acts therein mentioned, for the relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin, called Burtons Banks-, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Innkeepers

Bill.

Beamifli

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the clock.

1 till Tommorrow

4° diej-rj

IIIUi Regis, 1803.

j.j Inclosure J u,c reported.

The Lords have paired Burton’* Banks Bill.

Bill read.

tave of Absence.

fejbn ‘-•’eon e; p-ld.

Ordered, That Mr. Roe I fort have leave of absence for one month, on account of the death of a near relation.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-ir;g of the ingrossed Bill for the more eft'eftually preserving the Peace, and securing the freedom of Election, in the town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town, be now read. " ' ,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

'J he House divided.

The 'Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Ye-s i M‘" AttormT General, lu.ers for the ieas^Mr jjonj:-

(Mr. Grey,

Tellers for the NoesX Lord George Augufus

( Henry Cavendish:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill wps An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and amended at the Table accordingly, securing the freedom of Election, in the Town of Not- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, tiugharn, and County of the said Town. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and im-

Vol. 58. 5 D proving.

5

164.

29.

Mercurii,

Anno 430 Geori

Prayers.

MR. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, Milton E to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satistaciion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrafted Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleans- King’s L ing, and improving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for licensing a certain number of hackney coaches and sedan chairs to be employed therein, and for fixing and regulating the Fares of the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and for fixing and regulating the Wages to be paid to Porters, and for holding the Saturday and Beall Markets within the said Borough, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. hi. J. ult. To leave out from " sale" to <c And," in Pr. 112. J. 33.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question, put

Paving iyc Police Bill, passed.

378

4" Ma

A. 1803.

ndcl

acts

ion,

rted*

proving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Norfolk and for removing nuisances and annoyances grofled. therein; and for holding the Saturday and Beast Markets,

within more convenient parts of the said Borough. Lord George Augnjlus reported from the Pern,

Ordered That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honorable Noti(.ts £r Lords, and desire their concurrence. Philip Earl of Chesterfield, and the humble Petition of the Wiling*®

several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subj

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom scribcdj being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within v the Petition of Robert Rvjhby, Esquire, Mayor of Aiwidely County of Derby, was referred) That the Committee

the Reverend William Groome, Vicar of Arundel, and others, had exam-,ned the matter of the said Petition, and had whose names are thereunto subscribed, resident and Pro- directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, prietors and Occupiers of Land within the several Parishes {Q the House. and he read the Report in his place; and therein mentioned, was referred \ Ihat the Committee had afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edmund Evans being examined, said, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 4th day of March last, notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the jjeflions of the Peace, holden for the County of Derby, Clerk s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as so - and a]f0 three times in the newspaper called The Derby loweth; viz. .. Mercury, in the month of March last, and in the present

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. month of April, that application is making to Parliament joseph Ihndebeing examined, Cud, lhat the Road lea ing por jeave to brinor in a Bill for building a Bridge over the from the High Street, within the 1 own of At wide., in the Rjver at or near Ferry, in the County of

County of Siissex, through the several ran fires or A) unde, in such and the like manner as such notices are re-Houghton, and Bury, to the junction of the Pet went / ant qUjred to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, Pulborougk Roads, in the Parish of Bury aforesaid, is in many parts thereof narrow, ruinous, and in bad repair; and it would tend much to the improvement of the said Road, and lessen the distance, as well as easing a narrow and steep afeent, leading into the Town or Village ot Bury aforesaid, if the line of Road were varied to the Weft fide thereof; and that the Hill, called Bury Hill, situated in the line of Road, is very steep, and in several parts thereof narrow, and not only inconvenient but dangerous to per- budd7ga Bridge'over the^her wfat or nelr

Inne nnffinrr nnH rpniHinn- im 011H /lAurn Inin Hill nnrl a ~ ...

of applications intended to be made relative to Bills for building Bridges.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the ad day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the said several Persons was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

fons passing and repairing up and down the said Hill; and (hat the said Road and Hill cannot be sufficiently repaired, varied, and the afeent of Bury Hill made more commodious, without the aid of Parliament; and also that it will be a great convenience to the Public, if the Road leading from the junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Road,

lington Ferry, in the County of Derby: And that Lord George Augnjlus Henry Cavendish and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Commissioners to be appointed by the intended Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the High Street, in the Town of Arundel, to the junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittle-worth Common, in the County of And that Mr.

■Howard, Lord Viscount Andover, and Mr. Atkins, do prer pare, and bring in, the fame.

forton

closure

ported.

Lord Henry reported from the Gre^hiU

xrum me juucuun ui u.c reform anu ruwnoug* xvuau, Commin w£om the Petition of the several Persons, *{£,£. towards the Town of fhwti, to ,om the Turnpike Road w| f names arc therelml0 subscribe<, being Trustees for on FutUwmh Common, were put under the care of the ting the Act tbcl.cinafter m,tioned, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the rep0‘ Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Iris place; and afterwards delivered It in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Lord George Augnjlus Henry Cavendish reported from the passed in the 21ft year of the reign of His present Ma-B,1> Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and jesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the present Turnpike Road upon Moor, near

the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dr on- Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in the fame

County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hathersage, in the said County; and also the Road from the Road leading from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, near Stoney Middleton, to through the several

Paritlies of Hope, Hathersage, and Dronfield, all

be true; and that the parties concerned had given their in the said County, was read:—And, content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; Mr. Thomas being examined, said,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in made several Amendments thereunto, which they had execution, and have for that purpose borrowed several directed him to report to the Hqpfe; and he read the contiderable sums of money upon the credit of the Tolls,

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads-effectually with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where repaired, widened, altered, and kept in repair, unless -the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a the term granted by the said Act is continued, and some second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended, put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the and the Tolls increased: That it would be a great conve-rest were agreed toby the House. nience and accommodation to the Public, if the said

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, Trustees were authorized and empowered to make and

field, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

That the Act should be printed by the King’s Printer; and copies 'hereof, so printed, admitted in evidence.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be ni- ■; pan of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

maintain a certain branch of Road from Totlcy aforesaid, along the South-eastwardly fide of certain Woods, called Ecclesall Wwds and Milne Houfies, to come into and join the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield aforesaid to Sheffield, in the County of lork, near the first mile-stone thereon, from Sheffield aforesaid, at or near to a certain place between the said mile-stone and Sheffield, commonly called

C.i

sli

T,

uii

Old

a:t

A:

.11,

so J alii b: 61.-k

if

:ha\

-Cm

ILr

1.3

b.

ill.

f:;.:

i- 0:

A

k

-> iKc

h

I-!,:

43 Geo. III.

4s Maiu

m

called Goose Green; and also, another branch of ftdad from

a small Bridge near to and on the Weft fide of the present Toll Bar or Turnpike Gate on the commonly called Owler Bar, to of near to a certain Cupola, cahed

Mr; Barker's Cupola, and from thence along a Road, called The Cupola Road, to come into dnd join the before-

" Consolidated Fiind, for completing the Canal and other " works; which, byan Act passed in the thirty-ninth tear of His present Majesty’s reign, for rendering more com-* dious, and for better fegUldting thfe Port of London? were severally read Arid;

Captain John Raymond Show being examined, laid. That

; .1 i -r. . _r -l. f’.i a -

mentioned Road, from Chesterfield to Hernjione Lane Head, for effectuating the provisions of the said Acts. it is neat or near to Bajlow, in the said County of Derby. c$fiai that such further sum or sums of money should be

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in‘ a Bill, to con- provided as may froth tithe td time be wanted; to fenable tinue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an the said Mayor, Aldermen; and Comhndns of the City of Act, passed in the 2ill year of the reign of His present London, to repair the present Mooring Chains in the River Majrliy, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Thames, as occasion shall require, and tb lay down new Road upon Greenhill Moor to Halherfage, and from the ones where requisite; and also to carry into execution such ChesterfieldTurnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton, to Tot ley, improvements in the Port of London, agreeably to the in-all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new tention and direction of the said Acts, as shall from time branches from the said Roads to Bajlow, in the said County, to time be deemed expedient for the benefit or accomfno-and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York: dation of the Public j and that such sums of money may be

And that Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish and Mr. conveniently raised by the additional loll or Duty, autho-

Mundy, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. rized to be laid by the said Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, being now demanded and taken, for the Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the more speedy repayment of the several sums advanced, and

Efsm _ ___

inctaure Bill, Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing ^>arttd‘ the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Com

to be advanced, for the purposes aforesaid.—And the Witness added, That it is expedient that the powers and provisions of the said Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-lolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petitions! others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Town Mercl'ant:

mittee (except the Owners of Estates allefied to the Land Tax, at ^.13. 1 $s.$d. per annum, who refused to sign the

Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates allefied at <nuni, wuwiuw m me rruunuimauuMuuiciii use xuwu &cofHsi £.6. 6 s. 6d. per annum, who were neuter; and that the and Parish of in the County of York: And also, and Bnidf

whole property belonging to persons interallied in the In- A Petition of the several Persons in the Town and f^wooiie clolure is allefied to the Land Tax at £. 120. os. 10 d.per Neighbourhood of whole names are thereunto Manufacti annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee subscribed, being Stuff Manufacturers, or otherwise con- rer*BU1 to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone cerned in the Worsted or Woollen Manufacture in the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- County of York-,

London Port Improvement Petition, sported.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That the Act should be printed by the King’s Printer; and copies thereof, lb printed, admitted in evidence.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be "ingrafted.

Sir John IVWiam Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Were severally prefen ted to thfe Hbtift, and lead; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; and setting forth, That the powers and provisions thereof respecting an Act, passed in the 5th year of Queen Elizabeth, intitbled, " An Act containing divers orders for Artificers, *f Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and App ren-" tices," extend only to the repeal of the said Act, lo far as relates to the Woollen Manufacture in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset-, and that the said Act, lo far as relates to Apprenticeships in the trade or business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of weaving, dying, and cloth-dressing, hath become obsolete, and is inapplicable to the present state to the Woollen Manufacture; and it is expedient that the same should be repealed, so far as may be applicable to Apprenticeships in the aforesaid trades or businesses in the County of York, or that the fame maybe wholly repealed with rel’pest to the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, upon the said Bill; and that provision may be made therein for those purposes.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, petition c concerned in the Woollen Trade in the Town and Pari fit Merchant To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, of Halifax, in the County of York, was presented to the ^repeal* palfed in the 39th year of the reign of His present Ma- House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed s. Eliz- rf

jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more coranjo- in the 5th year of Queen Elizabeth, containing divers or-

" dious, and for better regulating the Port of Londonders for Artificers, Labourer?, Servants of Husbandry, and PP "

and also, an Act, passed in die 39th and 40th years of the Apprentices; and that the Petitioners, who are extensively

reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for engaged in the various branches of the Woollen Manu-;

" making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other works, facture of this Kingdom, feel the greatest inconvenience " for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, from the restraints contained in the said Act, upon the " Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of Londonmore general introduction and employment of servants, and also, an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of which, inasmuch as they oblige all persons concerned in His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize this, amongst other trades, to observe certain specific rules,

" the advancement of further Sums of Money-out of the in the retaining of workmen, operate as positive impedi-

ments

1 i ...

380

d.

ments to the increase of hands, and to the maintenance of that subordination, which is the life of all manufactures* and at present so much wanted in this important branch of commerce: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repeal of so much of the said Act as relates to Apprentices in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture, and of weaving, dying, and cloth* d resting.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fifteration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the l'cveral Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

ctlti.m A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the ■tices for Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton radtord adjoining thereto, in the West Riding of the County of v:u5> &c- York, w'hose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 18th day of March last, notices have been given at the last Rafter Quarter hellions of the Peace holden for the West Riding of the said County, and also three times in the newspaper called ’The Halifax Journal, in the month cf April last, that application is making to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for lighting, watching, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the several Streets, Lanes, Kntries, PaCages, and Places, in the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of 5 ark i And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring

i in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

ftderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to , them, to the House:

5j And it is referred to Mr. Henry Laf riles, Mr.

j[ &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine

I of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

to fend for persons, papers, and records,

(arrows An ingrafted Bill to continue the term, and alter and

"tford en'arge Powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 23d

mi Bill, years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, '.fled. widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from ft , the South end of Sparrow's Herne, on Heath, through

j the Market Towns of Watf Saint Peter's,

"! and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms,

■; to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near in the County of Buckingham, was read the third time.

\ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers ol two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third i years of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending

the Road from the South end of Sparrow's Herne, on BusheyHeath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Planter do carry the Bill to the; Lords, and desire their concurrence.

, The laid Amendments being fevera’ly read a second time, were, upon the Question llveraily put thereupon, agreed to by the H null*.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierreponi do carry' the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Watermen and Petition of Lightermen cf- the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of ^ofGrenla Kent, Members of the Sunday Ferry Society, was presented wk.Ii, against to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ravat or near its 11 S6 1 mouth or outlet into the river Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto; and letting forth. That the Petitioners and their Predecessors are, and for upwards of half a century have been, entitled to the profits and emoluments of a Ferry and passage over the said River Ravensborne, near to which the said Bridge is intended to be built; and that if the fame foot:id be built, the profits and emoluments of the said Ferry and Passage will be entirely taken away, and that a large proportion of the profits of the said Ferry and Passage is, and ever since the origin of the said Ferry and Passage, has been, applied towards the support and maintenance of the Widows and Orphans ofdeceaied members; and that the said Bill also contains divers other chimes and provisions injurious to the rights and intervals of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their couniel or agents, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pais into a Law as iL now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their couniel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit couniel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the 'said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A-Mcfiage from the Lords, determined by Mr and Mr. The Lords.

Ridley: , hwefciwdw

' Mr. Speaker, . - '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Donkeld for enabling the Molt noble John Duke of Atholl, and his Bridge Bill. Heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Try, at or near to the Town of Dundee Id, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of communication thereunto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Ti'eeL°^ more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Ar- pilous rests and Suits, and; to-authorize the levying of Poundage Arrests Bill. upon Executions in certain cases; to which the Lords de-fire the concurrence of this House: And alto,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na- G^JJjs Nlt' turalizing Lawrence Gall; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na- Sevtry’3 turalizing William Benjamin Samuel; to Nat‘

which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

11'n* menu The House proceeded to take into consideration the Dunham * Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

J Ragnall An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and and within the Parish,

Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as Icl-loweth; viz.

Pr. x. 1. 24. Leave out " befiJes" and insert " and." 1. 25. Leave out " finall" and insert " other." 1. 26. Leave out from " grounds" to " And," in Press 2. line 1.

Pr. 27. 1. 7. Leave out from " Moor" to " and, " in line 13.

1. iy. Leave out " small."

Pr. 31. 1. 21. Leave out from * fame" to " And," in line 37.

And then the Meillngers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel de Severy, rtuj.

was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Gall'* naturalizing Lawrence Gall, was read the nrft time. Nat- 1 ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. O'Hara have leave of a’bfence for one Leave of month, on account of his health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Ever neb election.

6 Ordered,

40 IrEO. 111.

4° -Mail

381

Comroif-goners for

paving

Dublin,

ordered.

■C-:f A.1

£,i,ienct,&c. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of The said Ameridt’nerifs were accofdirtgly severally read a rrfpe<sjj5 a]J such Evidence and other proceedings, as were taken of timej and, upon the Question severally pat there-

had by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, previous upon, were agreed' to by the House. to making their 28th Report, presented to this House Ordered, That the Rill, with the Aftleodtnents, be in,-upon the 26th day of April last, respecting the Accounts, grofled.

(to the 5th day of January 1802) and conduct of the Di-

refto^s and Commissioners for paving, deanfing, and light- A Petition Farmer at Newton, in the petition

ing, the Streets of Dublin; together with copies of all uich County of Linlithgow, now a PWfoner in His Majesty’s jamesTr

other Evidence and proceedings, taken or had llnce the date Gaol in Newgate, was presented to the House, and read; ^argedf of the said Report by the said Commissioners of Accounts, setting forth. That the Petitioner stand's committed, by n-ojnCui as relate to the said Directors and Commissioners for paving, Order of the House, for a breach of Privilege, in having cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin. disobeyed a warrant from the Speaker, and from the Chair-

man of the Committee on the Dunfermline, tec. election;

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- and that the Petitioner feels great sorrow and contrition ther confederation the Report, which was made from the for having incurred the displeasure of the House; and that Committee, who were appointed to consider of giving the Petitioner’s affairs having been necessarily left by him Powers to Ju dices of the Peace for the more effectually in great confusion, his absence has been of material prejudice repairing County Bridges, be now read. to himself and his family, particularly in regard to the bufi-

And the said Order being read accordingly; ness of his farm at this season of the year, while his health

The Resolutions of the Committee being severally read has alf° differed from his confinement since the 18th day

' ~ " of March, when he voluntarily surrendered himself to the

Serjeant at Arms: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to accept of his acknowledgement, and most sincere contrition, for his offence, and to order him to be released from his present confinement.

Ordered, That the said James Trotter be brought to the Bar of this House upon Friday next, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants ac-

Rtport relative to County Bridges, further con-Ikkred.

a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir John JVrottesley, Mr. Henry Lafeelles, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Worcester and Mr. Lygon, according to Order, reported from the Com-

XwdUlis, mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and cordingly. reported. altering and enlarging the powers, of an Act, made in the

33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Confident: effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from 5th day of April last, for taking into consideration. To-the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to SpadeJbourne morrow, the Petition of General Sir Robert Abercromby, of Petitions, Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Knight of the Order of the Bath; and also, the dderreJ-

Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, was com- Petition of James Bruce, of Kimaird, Esquire, and of Harry mitted; and to whom the Petition of several of the Truf- Esquire, Writer to the Signet, both Free-

tees, nominated and appointed under and by virtue of an holders in the County of Stirling, severally complaining Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present of an undue election and return for the said County, might Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in re- be read.

r:i[n rpc-i I

pair, the Road from the City of through Droit-

wick, to SpadeJbourne Bridge, within the Parish of grove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whose names are subscribed, being Inhabitants refid ing upon, or in the vicinity of the first-mentioned Roads; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through -wuk, to Spadejlourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromf-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration uponTuefday, the 23d day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House being informed that there was an error in An Accoui Ne ai. of the Accounts, which were presented to the from the grove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein House, upon Thursday last, by Mr. Owen, from the Di- com^n^ mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whose names rectors of the East India Company; withdrawn,

are subscribed, being Inhabitants residing upon, or in the vi- Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account cinity of the first-mentioned Roads; and also, the Petition be discharged.

of the Mayor, Justices, and the Inhabitants at large, of the Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn; and City of Worcester, whole names are thereunto subscribed; another Account presented instead thereof, and also, the Petition of several of the principal. Inhabitants

of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, JJgjj* ,

County of Warwick, whose names are thereunto subscribed; That the Commissioners appointed by the Naval Com- Naval Com

and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names missioners Bill, do, forthwith, report the progress they have missioners,:

made* . withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the other Orders of the day be now read.

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House, of the 8th day of March last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motions were severally, with leave of the House, 1

withdrawn. .*

arc thereunto subscribed. Mortgagees of the Tolls arising on th c Droitwich Turnpike Roads, in the County of Worcester, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lit 1;^: ;o be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ckrk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Amendments be now read a second time;

1 he House divided.

ihe Noes went forth.

Ttliers for Ihe Noes.J J’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. x;S.

140.

92.

A Motion was made, That leave be given to bring in a Motion for Bill, for making better provision for the Parochial School- rtlPed: matters, and for making further Regulations for the better Sdtodmaft. government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland. referred to

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the con- Committee sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

3 E Ordered,

382

4°—5° Mali.

A, 1803.

nber

:d to the

unittee on 'ey of the ltS, &Cr

cotland.

irkcud-

ight Elee-m Petition, n tillered.

Ordered, TJiat Mr. Gordon be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of ,made, by the command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, And notice being taken, That forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 5° die Man;

Anno 43* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

( 7

Prayers.

r 'HE hour appointed for taking into consideration

prefepted to the House, and read; taking notice of the Cloth?, ic. Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; and praying the House not to permit the repeal of certain Aifts therein Leu Manufic-mentioned, passed in the 10th year, of Queen dune, and tUfcr> 1W! the 13th year of King George the First, to prevent the cx-teffive {training of Broad Cloths. J

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

terminal.

Mr. John Lowther, from the Select Committee ap- Taunton pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition E,e't1011* of Robert Robinson, late a Candidate for one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament in and for the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerftt \ and also, of the Petition of certain persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough and Town, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

nominating,

ofton Elec-on, deter-lined.

the Petition of the Honourable Montgomerie Gran- . That it appeared to the said Committee, that the me ville John Stewart, complaining of an undue eleiftion and rits of the Petitions did depend upon the right of chusing, return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, being come; ‘ ' '

The House proceeded to the appointment of aSeledl Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the! places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned j

Mr. Bastard, from the Seleift Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of

William Squire, Cornelius Ward, William Fotharby, Henry

\Stanwell, Jeremiah Stanwell, William Nicholls, John Her-

ring, and William Wood, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, complaining of an undue eleiftion and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Thomas Fydell, Esquire, is not duly elcifted a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the last eleiftion for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is void, as to Thomas Fydel!, Esquire, one of the Burgesses returned to serve for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the opposition of the said Thomas Fydell, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee, to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

_ Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and thirty-one Members' being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into the Returning Officer for the said Borough consideration, was read. That the said Committee, having duly considered the said

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read. Statements, and the evidence adduced before them, touch-in the usual manner. . ing the right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the lle-

And the name of John Fonblanque, Esquire, being drawn, turning Officer for the said Borough, have determined, lie was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the That the Bailiffs of the Borough of Taunton, appointed counsel for the Petitioners. at a Court Le^t held annually in and for the said Bo-

Andtjie whole number of forty-nine names being complete; rough, are the legal Returning Officer of the said Borough: the Lord Advocate of Scotland was nominated to serve on And alto, that the said Committee have determined, the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member. That William Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

Nole. That in the course of drawing the names, the gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Bo-

or appointing, the Returning Officer who was to make return of such election; and that therefore the laid Committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, -Statements in writing of the right of chusing the Returning Officer for the said Borough, for which they respectively contended:

That, in consequence thereof, the counsel for the said several Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Petitioners state, That the legal and most an-" cient Returning Officer for Taunton is tire Bailiff appoint-" ed by the Bishop of Winchester, Lord of the Manor of " Taunton and Taunton Dean."

That the counsel for the fitting Members, William Morland, Esquire, and John Esquire, delivered

in a Statement, as follows:

" The counsel for the fitting Members state, That the " legal Returning Officer of the Borough of is the

" Bailiffs and Constables of the said Borough, appointed at " a Court Leet held annually in and for the said Borough,

" or the said Bailiffs of the said Borough exdufivdy,

" or the said Constables of the said Borough exclusively That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel . for the said several Petitioners, the said Committee have determined,

That the right of chusing the Returning Officer, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the right of chusing the -Returning Officer for the said Borough:

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the counsel for the fitting Members, the said Committee have determined,

That the right of chusing the Returning Officer, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the right of chusing

■tuLon of d\)fclors of OOil»*

name of the Mailer of the Rolls was drawn; and * he being again sworn in the manner dated in the proceedings of the 25th day of tebruary last, was excused; and the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Seleift Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel; the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

A Petition of the inspectors of mixed and medley Woollen Broad Cloths in the County of Somerset, was

: Cc:

r.

C.

I.:;

u:

h

K

!j: f

o

rough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That John Hammet, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto lubtcribed, being Clothiers, or otherwise con- ^york/tjr cerned in the.Woollen Manufacture in the County of provision m York, was presented to the House, and read; taking no-

tice Bill.

; l;.

Wilton Inclo-iurr Bill, reported.

WjKX&Us hi* v IVlUUi

tkc of the Bill respcxfting the Woollen Manufacture: " certain pieces or plots of ground ih . the Parish of7

And praying That they may be heard, by themselves, Saint in the County of Middlesex, belonging

or their counsel, upon the said Bill; and that an Act " to the Right honourable Anne Dowager Baronets therein mentioned, passed in the 5th year of Queen Eli- " a," and for including therein certain other small zabeih, so far as relates to Apprenticeships, or at lead so far plots of ground in the said Parish therein described: And as relates to the carrying on the several branches of the that Mn Baldwin, Mr. , and Sir Francis Burdeti, do

Woollen Manufactory in the County of York, may be prepare, and bring’ in, the lame;

repealed. , . •

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of Dyfart, Petition oj

Was presented to the House, and read j taking notice of a^it'ny Mr. Henry Lajcelles reported from the Committee, to the Bill for repairing, improving and preserving, the Har* Harbour i whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the bour oi Dyfart, in die County of Fife; and setting forth,

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, that it would be a very great hardship on the Inhabitants and Waites, within the Townships of Wilton, Lazenby, to be subjected to the Duty of Two Pennies Scots pro-Lackenby, and Weft Coatham, in the North Riding of the prosed to be levied on each pint of Ale brewed in the said,

County of York, was committed; That the Committee Town and its Neighbourhood, for the support of the Har-lud examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the bour, whillt a moderate Duty upon the articles exported House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied and imported, and on the Tonnage of Shipping, deriving with; and that the Committee had examined the Allega- immediate benefit from the Harbour, would be sufficient

of itfe/f for the purposes wanted, and would be much more equitable in its principle: And therefore praying,

That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bili, against the said Petition.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition to amend P?n-cras Paving Act, reported.

Mr. Baldzvin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners authorized to carry into execution an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keep- fortnight, on account of the illness of a near relation.

Absence.

Ordered, That Sir James Graham have further leave of Leave of absence for six weeks, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Phimer have leave of absence for one month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Air. Harrison have leave of absence for a

ing in repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public pal-lages and places, which are and shall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, io the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Dowager Baroness Southampton, and of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or

Ordered, That Sir Marcus Somerville have leave of absence

for a month, on account of the death of a near relation.

A Petition of Bache Thornhill, of Stanton, in the County Petition of: Derby, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Mr. Thom-

Inhabitants of houses erected upon, or Lessees of,"certain takinS notice of the Bili for dividing, allotting, and io~ BrafTington; other small plots of ground in the said Parish, adjoining *he Open Fields, Meacfows, Failures, Commons, Inclosure Bil

to those comprized in the said Act, was referred; That ai?j! ^a^e ^}ou^ds, within the Parish of other-

■ - wife BraJJon, in the County of Derby, and setting forth, )

the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand ing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been compljed with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to. report the fame, as it appeared so them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read :—And,

Mr. 'John Harrison Leveridge being examined, said That the Commissioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into execution, and have made considerable pros'"1^ therein, and find that the good purposes intended thereby may be extended, if the said Act were altered and amended, and other powers granted: That there

That if the fame should pass into a Law as it nQw Hands, it would be highly injurious to the interests of the Petitioner in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his counsel, agents, and witness'es, against such parts of the said Bill as may prejudice his interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. ' ,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

are

Lord Granville Leveson Gower presented to the House, County several other small plots of ground in the said Parish of according to Order, a Bill for remedying certain defects in p££se(f'

haint Pancras, adjoining to the ground comprized in the I he Laws relative to the building and repairing of County

laid Ad, upon part of which streets have been formed. Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the expence of the

and houses of considerable value built thereon, and. the Inhabitants of Counties: And the fame was received; and

read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

rehdue of the said ground is designed for building.—And she Witness added, That the said plots of ground are not included in any Paving Act, and that it would contribute to the safety and advantage of the Inhabitants of the houses built, and to be built‘thereon, if the powers of the said Act were extended to such ground.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend, an Act,

piade in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, fider of the Motion, made yesterday, That leave be given to ja^'sMtch intituled, "An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, light- bring in a Bill for making better provision for the Parochial Scnoolmaft " ing, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the 1 " keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public better government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland, be " Passages and Places which are, and shall be made upon now read,

Vol. 58. And

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee c resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to con- 51°t,on for

Bill, respect-

L

384

5" Mail.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Compen&ua* Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom

e ported.

;I11 ordered.

And the said Ordfcr being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That the several Petitions, prefefited to the House in this Sef- iViih Court, he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, lion of Parliament, praying for compentiition on account Bin, whe when the House will please to receive the same. of Lodes which the Petitioners alledge they may iuftain, in

Ordered, That the Report be now received. case the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in per-Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to fonal Actions, in more beneficial, should pass into

move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Law, were referred, might be again read, making better provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and And the same being read accordingly;

for making further Regulations for the better government A Motion was made. That this House will, Tommorrow,

of the Paruh Schools, in Scotland. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take

And Mr. William Dundas moved the House accordingly, into consideration the proper method of making compen-Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making fation to the persons whose interests may be affected by better provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for the passing of the said Bill.

6

\'A

3

ji

\ccounts el petting Joffee, irdered#

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into con-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- tide ration the proper method of making compensation to

making further Regulations for the better government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland: And that Mr. William Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir James St. Erskine, Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Ferguson, and Sir William Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r: 1

the persons whose interests may be affected by the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report Be referred to the said Committee.

count of the Quantity of Coffee charged with Duty of Excise, for seven years previous to the 5th January 1803; together with the Total Amount of the said Excise Duties for the fame period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Prosecutions for Penalties and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Irish Comt* Frauds in the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill.defcntd> Duty of Excise on Coffee, and of the Expences incurred Bill to render the process ot His Majesty’s Courts of thereby during the fame period. King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, count of the Quantity of Coffee charged with Duty of more beneficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexa-Customs, for Home Consumption, during the seven years tious Arrests j and to repeal so much ol an Act, passed in previous to the 5th January 1803; and of the Gross Duty f|ic Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and 22ft years of the of Customs paid thereon during the fame period. reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for en-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- «< larging the time for Trials by Ni/i Prius, in the City and

" County of Dublin, and for making the process of the " Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions.

1..

v-.

Kirkcud-

bright

lElettion

Committee

appointed.

count of the number of Prosecutions for Penalties and Frauds in the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the Duty of Customs on Coffee, and of the Expences incurred thereby during the fame period of seven years, previous to the 5th January 1803.

Tire counsel and agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

JoJ’eph Fojier Barham, Esquire, Sir John Dashwood King,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the sums paid for Bounties on Corn, Meal, Flouf, and Rice, imported between the iothof October 1802 and c°ra>

5th of April 1803; distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Arrets of count of the Arrears of additional Assessed Taxes, and of

Baronet, the Right honourable Charles Bragge, Sir John the Arrears of the Duty on Goods and Shipping,

Cox Hippijley, Baronet, Charles Esquire, Sir Robert

Williames Pi aughan, Baronet, Thomas Johnes, Esquire, Sir Jacob Henry AjUey, Baronet, Eliah Harvey, Esquire, Francis Fane, Esquire, Lord Viscount Clements, Mervyn Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Gleadoive John

Fonblanque, Esquire, the Lord Advocate of Scotland.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining ot an undue election and return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections. 0

1798, due 5th April 1803; distinguishing each, so far as the fame can be made up.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militia, whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual Service, was re-committed, be taken into further consideration To-

morrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Sl,?P1£l into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further det*r of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Motion for

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself Way<ao4 ttl tt r 1 * —, into a Committee of the vvViole F4ou(e to consider

itiicharging /That‘he^ition of of Ways and Means for railin'- - - * ’

John Simpson Major of the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the Majesty out of County of Lincoln, which was presented to the House

ing the Supply granted to His

Yn"?.)‘ Monday last, and then orderedrto lie upon the Tabk'^nrght " be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Jetton de’ and the Question being put, That the said John Stmpfon be now brought to the Bar of this House, m order to his being discharged;

It passed in the Negative

His M^iy^Gaolof * Commi,'d

Mr. Smith and Mr. The

hive paiiw

Committed to

Newgate.

A Message from the Lords, determined by Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

r,7f e^idr HaVC a B11U intituled, An Act for the Soldiers f relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, RelK1 * in the cases therein mentioned to which the Lo ds desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the first time. Bill

Resolved,

& Si

C’W,-

43 Geo. III.

5"— 6° Mail,

Aceotirit

from East India Company, prdcnted*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Oidtredy That the fold Bill be printed.

T,ie House being informed that Mr. from the

Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door;

he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House. pursuant to their Order,

N° 2i. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock,

38£

Veneris, 6° die Maii;

Anno 43° Georgii IIIr« Regis, 1803.

H R A V E R Si

\fl\Burland reported from the Committee, to whom Cold Aih

, ... ;rTA."le Bl,l for confirming and establishing the Divi-

exhibiting a Rate of the Company’s Affairs in ref'peA to f'on’ -Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Commons called reprted< their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Prefi- Freezi ma —1 -tr, ~c _ r dencies of Fort IVill tarn. Fort St. George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, at the conciufion of the year 1 Sox-2.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Feezing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a piece of Open Pauui e Land, part of the said Common called. Freezing Hill, lying in the Pari (lx of Co in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with*

Ordered, That tl e said Account be printed for the Mem- *ccording to the leave granted by the House, on the 23d

bers of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

511,deferred. The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

day of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet

fees of* Mahers aik-nt at B 'Huts to be reported, kc.

■d r > jt’l . ., ti r n. n l , , Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

Refcvtl.That when the House shall have proceeded, upon lile, a ftconJ ,ime, onc by 00Ci and, upon tffe Question

lurlclay next, to too appointment of Selcfl Committees fe,e,no,. ’ .,eed L, House.

Thu

for the trial of the several Petitions, which are appointed to be taken into consideration upon that da_v, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on SeleA Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let aside; and that a List of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the Lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-at-

severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafTed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, being interested in the Trade, Commerce, Navigation, and Prosperity of this Kingdom, was pre- tionforefta-fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That great advantages would arise to the Trade, Commerce, Navigation, and Prosperity, of this Kingdom, if a Company was to be eflabJished, under proper regulations, for supplying the Metropolis with Fish, which the Petitioners con-

1>:

tendance on the appointment of the said several SeleA Com- cejve> mjght ten(j materially to reduce the expences of the mittees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed 0pUient and middle cJafles of Society, and more particu-by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into jarjy contribute to the relief and comfort of the Poor, by the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, increasing the quantity of wholesome Food, and reducing and shall not be discharged out of custody without the spe- tjJe prjce Gf Pravisions in general; and that other very

Committee

on rt-emn-fcitted Bill to irociid the

cial Order of the House.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating

so^piritua]

to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carezv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Careiv reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

portaiiea

Bullion, to tMiidtrtd.

The Louie was moved, That an Act, made in the 6th and 7th year of t he reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping " the Coin of this Kingdom," might be read. '

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was alii) moved, That an Act, made in the /tli and St It year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into " die Mint to be coined, and for the remedying the ill Rate " of the Coin of t!ie Kingdom," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so niuch of the said Acts as relates to the exportation of Bullion.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Vol. 58.

great advantages may (by such a plan) be produced to the Country, by giving encouragement and employment, in time of Peace, to many useful and valuable Seamen, and by bringing up and training to the sea service, and in habits of industry, great numbers of boys and dill re Red ob-jeAs,who present themselves, during the period of Peace, in different parts of the Metropolis, and who, for want of employment, become deltitute of support; and that at a meeting lately held of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, a Plan for accomplifiring this defiralJe object has been maturely considered and agreed upon, and Subscriptions entered into for. that purpose, but that the fame could not be regularly adopted till after the time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; and the Petitioners beg leave to state to the House, that they conceive great inconvenience and disadvantages will arise to the Public, if the prosecution and accomplishment of such a Plan were to be delayed till the next Session of Parliament;

And therefore praying, That, on account of the special circumstances above Rated, leave may be granted to exhibit a Petition, for leave to bring in a'Bill for the purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- Leavegiv«u cumRances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose names are Petition pre-thereunto subscribed, being intereRed in the Trade, Com- fented-merce. Navigation, and Prosperity of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; containing the lame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eRablrlhing a Company, to be called " The Fishing Company," for supplying the Metropolis with Fiflx, under such regulations and reltrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

< F i ->■'=- 1

386

6° Maiu

A. 1803.

nflop Tn* fnre Bill,

ltd.

na^tter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to A Petition of the Merchants, Dyers, and Matter Cloth- Pt of them, to the Hcul'e: _ drefiers, in the Town and Neighbourhood of w-'ke-

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Blackburn in the County of York, was presented to the House, and fold, Or pro-of Newport, <kc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn- read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen May-

ing, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Manufacture; and praying to be heard, by themselves, mifa&uiVr* have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.- or their counsel, upon the said Bill; and that am Act Bliu

therein mentioned, passed in the 5th year of Queen -An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, zabelli, so far as relates to Apprenticeships, or at least the Commons, and Waile Lands and Grounds, within lo tar as relates* to the carrying on the several branches of tije Mahor and Parish of Hanfiup, otherwise Hanfiope in the the Woollen Manufacture in the County of York, may be

repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John William And or fin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, initituled, An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery an 1

County of Buckingham, was read the third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Pari fir of Hanfiop, otherwise Hanfiope, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Timed do carry the Bill to the Lords, to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in trust, and desire their concurrence. named in the will ot Thomas heretofore of the Parish of Saint in the County of

dmomltkim A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, Gentleman, deceated, to grant Building Leases of ccr-Kioiure Bill, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the ta>n ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of ammit.c . ^fanors Qf Edmondjhamand Wefiworth, within the Parish George-in the-Eafi, in tire County of de-

of Edmondfnam, in the County of Dorset, was read a le- viled to him by the lame will, and to tell and pull down

cond time. an ancient Messuage, {landing on part of the said ground,

! Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Afidey, Mr. and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the

• Francis John Browne, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- Trusts of the said will, was committed; n—

; ternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bntty’s FJfote Bill, reported)

dfton Inclo-irc, Bill, □mmitted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting.

I’hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned

inclosing,

[emsworth nclosure, vlill, committed*

If

-!)

Cocking End Soad Bill, committed.

improving, several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Manor of Alflon, ot he wife Alfion Moor, and Garragill, in the Parish oiAlJhn, and County of Cumberland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Lowther, Mr. James Graham,&c.; And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Remsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End,

and otherwise ^la<^ §*ven their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaclion of

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Buller of Exeter presented to the House, accord- Exeter Road* ing to Order, a Bill for more eiTeftually repairing, im- B,11» , proving, and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge, and p

Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Mott noble John Duke of Bedford, Petition re-and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants mirCmal. of the Town and Borough of Tavifcck, and the parts ad- Navigation;

von.

Palatine of Lancaster, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1, Bradford Roads Bill, symmitted.

near Addmgham, in the West Riding of the County of jacenp} in the County of was presented to the

Yiw'L through Kildwick, to Black Lane Ena, in the County House, and read; letting forth, Tint, in pursuance of

leave granted by the I louse on the 6th day of April last, notices have been given at the last Latter Quarter Scl-fions of the Peace hoklen for the County of Devon, and three times in the months of April last and May instant, in a newspaper circulating in the County of Devon, called The Exeter Flying Pofi, that application is mak-A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- ing to Parliament for an Act for making and maintain-larging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 28th year ing a navigable Canal from and out of the river at

of King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His pre- or near a certain place called Quay, in the

sent Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft Parish of Tavifock, and County of Devon, to the Townsend of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in of Tavifock, in the said County, and also a certain colla-the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, teral Cut to lead from the said Canal to or near a certain in the County of Lancaster, and from a place called The Bridge called Mill Hill Bridge, in the said Parish, in which

Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York, was notices it was stated that a Map or Plan of the line of the

read a second time. said intended Canal and collateral Cut, together with a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilber- Book of Reference thereto, were deposited with the Clerk

1 force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Boston Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bofion, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Thomas Fydell, Esquire, whose election for the ' said Borough has been determined to be void.

9

of the Peace for the said County on the 11th day of January last, and now lie there for the ini'peftion of the Public: And praying that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Mr.

Qfborn, &c«: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning.

11)2

la

1

' Co:

iiiii

T

ben

Pi

leer,

fie, .1

fa

(h

L:c-

>> M: El ’ kC

oiL-i

tun

til

A:':;

fcr

lf\

lo, *

K,

n i :-■* 'U*

VJ-EO. Ill*

6" lfeV‘

387

ingr at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and powers, of an Act, passed in the 27th year of His said

* , /« . /' l . J _ rnnfirmp f nP tPI'm Jin Cl SltCf

have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records*

Milton Emefi An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill, ancj Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Er tiffs, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

present Majehy’s reign, to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of the said Acts, and for the other purposes therein mentioned; and for making and repairing the Road from Glasgow' to or near the Bridge across the River Alander, at Langbank Parm and from thence to

join the Roads from Glasgow to Inchbelly Bridge, and to

The Amendments following were severally proposed to Stratkblane, in the Counties of , and

be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. J. 11. To leave out " not less than and, after " acres," to insert " or thereabouts."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Stirling, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Dundas, Sir William Pulteney, See. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing,'allotting, and inclosing, the &jj|i"c °u Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within reported, the several Parishes of Somerleyton, , and Lound,

in the County of Suffolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and other Owners of Estates, in the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Bhmdeff

Imiltham In* closure Bill, reported*

Mr. Eliifin reported from the Committee, to whom the L°md' !" tb,e C°un,r. of, Slff. w» referred,

ill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common, 1 tl,e had examined and found that the

.J n__LI. T - J. t5* .. . r» -X.c , i.fnotices required determined by the Standing Orders of the House

BiH

and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boultham, otherwise Boltham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the leave granted by the House on the 24th day of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

equired by the Standing Orders of the House had not been regularly given upon the doors of the several Parish Churches, owing to repeated obstructions from, tumultuous mobs ot people assembled for the purpose, who, by threats and violence, prevented the fame being done: It appeared to the Committee, that proper notices, were affixed twice upon the Church doors at,

" t i llUw awn Hid m aild once at Bundffon; but that on the following Sun-

parties'c• ineerneefiiad given‘tlieirconfenrVo "the BLl/to dT’ in person ,employed , for that, Pur;

the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- g0,f was faulted by large mobs of people armed with mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several ?'ck* and (tones, who prevented him from getting into Amendments thereunto, which they had d netted him to she C1^rch-yards.of and Blundcfon; and that

report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; ".e met'vu 1 the fame obstructions at Lound upon all the

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in three when he

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Bill to amend Croydon Injure Act, committed.

A Bill for altering and amending the powers of an Att, liiide in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, " the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, " Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Wades, and Commonable " Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Goy-" don, in the County of Surreywas read a second time.

Sundays when he attempted to affix the notices which were torn from him; that he was forced into a ditch, and assaulted with stones; but that he read, or attempted to read, the notices to the mobs so assembled, and threw copies amongst them j and it further appeared to the Committee, that similar notices were afterwards ad vert i led in the Ipswich Journal three times in the month of September; and that the Committee had heard counsel in support of the Petition above mentioned, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £.37. 3 s. 2 d. who refused to sign the Bill}

Rc'bw, That the Bill be committed to Sir7«*t»"<lalfo the.OwneixofEstateSassessedat^.75 3.. 8</.who

’ ▼ \ _ J Wf^re nenr^r ? and nias* whn P hp Annrmtv

fa* Bill,

were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land. Tax at os. 8*/.); and that the Committee had

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

i.nfc r,uru uj v . ,-v c va . t a a the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and ... , . , . .• , j

Grounds, having right of Common on that part of a cer- ctnest'nn *> .. n . , e’ One yone» an

tain trad of Common or Wafc Land called Thejteafe g"ue{?,on seven, ll>r >>ut ‘hereuIx,n> V*

denck, Lord William Rnffcll,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

House was moved. That the Report which, upon Mug pro. Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom S'lnckJ1* Petl’:'on of (he several Persons, whole names are there'

May, fiiuue within the Manor, of Lofd, yand PolJltJ, 6rJmd Th the Bi|| ith lhe Amendment, Be in which lies within the Parish of Shalford, in the County of ,ro*re(j Surrey, was referred, might be again read. ®

And the same being read accordingly; Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, and

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ^hurfton hi-cumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that notices may be given on the door of the Parish the Parish of Ixworth, in the County of and the

Church of Shalford, in the County of Surrey, for three Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons Sundays in the present month of May, of the application and W^fte Grounds, within the Parish of Thurston, in the to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Pe- same County, was committed; That the Committee had tjtion. r examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied A Bill to repeal two Atts, naffied in the 26 th and 27th years with; and that the Committee had examined the Allega-^Road! of the feign of his latcMajeiiv, and also an Att, made in the tions. of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that 6th year of the rei<m of His present Majesty, so far as the fame the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, relate to the Road leading from Glasgow toRedburn Bridge-,to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners and to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £.y. 8d. who

‘"Clin!)-

"■".com.

"Wed,

Vol. 58.

refused

388

& Ma

A. 1803.

refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates Sir Henry John reported from the Nythe c.>m-

assessed at ^.3. 19 s. who were neuter; and that the whole Committee, to whcm the Bill for dividing, assorting, and Inclosur» property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is inclosing, a Common called The Nythe, otherwise The Nyihen 1 ’reporte

Bill to amend Par. Crrts Paving: Act, prtlcnted.

assessed to the Land Tax at £.309. ixj.; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments -

Mr. Baldwinpresented to the House, according to Order, once read throughout; and then a second time, one by

a Bill to enlarge the powers ot, and explain and amend, an one . Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Ad made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present agreed to by the House.

Common, in the Parish of Old in the County of

Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Housej relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

were

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving, cleans-" ing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improv-" ing, and keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares, and " other public Passages and Places, which are, and shall be, " made upon certain pieces or plots of ground in the " Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, be-" longing to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness " Southampton," and for including therein certain other small plots of ground in the said Parish, therein described: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with grofled.

the Amendments, be in-

Lkrlc Com-brnon Inclo* (are Bill,

• committed.

1 Lord ^hrewlbiiry’s •; Pilate Bill, Committed.

1

rro* field Inclosure Bill sported.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, preffon and a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late presented.’ Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from to Lane after, and from

thence to a place called Heir ing Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hejl, to a place called Hejl Bank,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open in the said Township: And the fame was received; and "and Comrfton Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and read the first time.

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Comberton, in Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time, the County of Worcester, was read a second time.

Resolved, Thfcit the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Pier re font reported from the Committee, to whom Worktop

Mr. Jodrell, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other

the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Par;ih of in the County of Nottingham, was com-

vesting part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable mitted. That the Committee had examined, and found Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, \n the Counties of Salop, Chester, that the standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

Berks, Wills, and Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Corn-laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the purchase mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned thereof, to the same uses, and subject to the fame restric- jjad given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of tions, was read a second time. . the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, and macie several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

1

l the

1 M: a 1

Co;

of j C

e.7

.1

non

~ Pc.

fa

to 1

h

A

C:c

1

B C

A

ft

il

Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay reported from the

and

"tv f.. ’

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting,

inclosing, a Common or Waste, called Tie FrorfelJ Barm,." ■e'-oi.u m,e, one u, one, no

and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of { !'d n t I

Froxfrld, in the Count,; of So,t!wmp, on,was committed , That the Blll> w,h the Amendments, be,

and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Srolle

names are thereunder subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Frox field, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Lord George Augustus Henry Cavepresented to the Gr«nM House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, Hatber%e

h

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Act, passed in the R«wJ*n

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Year of the reiSn of Hls P^sent Majesty, for repairing pre

been complied with; and that the Committee had con- the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon lidcred the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations Moor 10 and from the Turnpike

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Road> near to Tolley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new Branches from the said Roads to Baflow, in the said County, and to Goose

Gree, near Sheffield, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

ii.

parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fiitisfaclion of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 96 acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whose of the Land intended to be inclosed conlifts of 4,981 acres and 2 roods; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- in the County of Derby, was read the third time, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed County of Derby.

to by the House. .... , Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be *n- do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concur-grofled* rence.

An

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several EyamiK10* Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of

' 1);

5

HfO VrEO. Ill*

6° Man*

389

jtorMB indo* An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fore Bill, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dr onfield, in the County of Derby, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Wonnhill A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-bciosure Bill, mons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within cMimitted. jje Liberty of tVormhill, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And the Question being put, That the words " Monday " Morning next," stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Secretary at War, ’’(Lord Viscount Dunlo: ].8j.

f Mr. Grey, ’(Sir John H'rottesley:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

the

P-Ar

I,:'..:-

wist

Walton Inclosarc Bill) committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Committee Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Kin^'sSpe*. mittee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to con- relating to fider further of lo much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of deferred. November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Tranlac-tions all the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the security of the public Revenue, might be read.;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednestlay next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1.0

Ordered, That count of the

printed and liained Silks, for the year ending the 5th day Petition of A Petition of the Proprietors of tfye Coal Exchange in of January 1803.

:orsoF the City of London, was presented to the House, and read;

there be laid before this Jiotife, an Ac-Amount of all Duties of Excise paid on p,intedsilk

ordered.

■ftBpi'riinft taking notice of the application for leave to bring in a Bill Lord Viscount Cafilereagh presented to the House, ac- East India

tfeApplka- for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for cording to Order, a Bill to enable the East India Company voiunt^i-/

din Coal

the Sale of Coals, for defining the dimensions of the dif- to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised Bill, Marict. ferent Coal Measures, and for preventing frauds and im- by the said Company: And the fame was received; and presented. positions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into read the first time.

~ ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned; and setting forth. That if such Bill should pals into a Law, the rights and interests of the Petitioners will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said proposed Bill as affect their rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hrrtrftam Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Mosses, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Heversham, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the first time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Lords ^agreed to

Ml to con-flDoe Irift

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Ueliric- 1° amend and continue, until Three Months after any Re-im. flriftion imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall ceale, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the

Sontfl;

tin

'ampton

erworks

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Billtoamer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Laws re consider further of the Bill to amend, and render more Perfoi effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding deferred, of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, be now read. '

... i

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

James Trotter was, according to Order, brought to the James Trotr Bar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and j Ti'icharg was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his ed. j

Fees.

__ r f

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

1

James Trotter,

A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Dunfermline Election, have reported, that you, having been duly summoned by the Speaker’s warrant, and also by an order signed by the Chairman of that Committee, to attend and give Evidence before the said Committee, did dilobey such warrant and order, and did not appear in pursuance thereof.

Adverting to the several periods of time, when you were first summoned, when your default was afterwards reported

1

twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repair- to this House, and, when you finally surrendered yourself;

,ng, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits, and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southamp-tin; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

jomuBent A Motion was made, and the Question being proposod,

and adverting also to the peculiar circumstances by which you Hood connected with that eleiflion; it has appeared to this House, that your offence demanded very grave and severe animadversion.

By your misconduift, you have deprived the Party by ^ whom you were summoned of such benefit as he might

That this House will, at the riling of the House this Day, have derived from your testimony, in support of a most adjourn till Monday Morning next; 1 important claim; you have obstructled a Committee of this

The Amendment following was proposed to be made House in. the due exercise of its jurisdiction; and by dif-to the Question; viz. obeying the authority of this House, you have grolsly vio-

To leave out the words " Monday Morning next," and lated its Privileges; an offence which it always does relent, insert the words, " Tommorrow ’Morning," instead thereof. and always oughtto relent most highly; for the Authority Vot. $8. . S G and

390 6* Mail. 1803.

and Privileges of this House are inseparably blended with. Or, That the said Report be taken into further con-the rights and liberties of the People. ' sideration upon Thursday next.

Prompt obedience to the commands of this House is OrThat the said Bill, as amended by the Corn-required, and must be enforced, universally. It is hoped, mittee, be printed for the Members of the House, that the example of your disgrace and imprisonment will

make the necessity of such obedience known and felt in the The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Scotch remotest parts of the United Kingdom; and the House, according to Order, a Bill for making better provision for schoolmaster*

• willing to think that its justice has been now satisfied, has the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for nvakingfurther Pegu-* rented!* ordered that you be this day discharged: lations for the better government of the Parish Schools, in

And you are now discharged accordingly, paying your ScotlanAnd the fame was received; and read the first time, fees. RThat the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, Nemine Coutradicente, That what has been now Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon

said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said James Trotter, Wednesday next.

be entered in the Journal of this House. O, That the said Bill be printed.

.ommittee on

"ompenliinon

*) Per foils

•-■infive to

‘rith Courts

1 Hill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to _ take into consideration the proper method of making compensation to the Persons whole interests may be affected by the pairing of the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received uponMonday next.

} Accounts c efoefcYing 'orfeited ’! C(late: in cotland, Ordered.

11

M

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotlandoi the Sums of f. 69,910. 15s. 9 and ,£.2,500.

granted by two Acts, made in the jad and 33d years of the reign of his late Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Debts upon the forfeited Ellate ot Perth,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland of the Sum of£. 38,553. 12 s. 1 granted by ari Act, made in the ift year of His present Majesty’s reign, for paying off and discharging the Debts upon the Ellate of Lovat.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the unexhaufled Balance of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

Militia families Bill, V^ain re-committed.

Considered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief lor the Families of Militia Men when called out into actual Service, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that lbme further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refo/ved,rYha.t the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some further Amend-

The House being informed that Mr. Wether all, Afiillant Account of Inspector General of the imports and Exports of Ireland, f attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, Ireland, pre-presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, leiued.

An Account of the Duties received on Cotton

Twill and Yarn imported into Ireland from 1790 to 18oz inclusive; dillinguilhingeach year.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Mem bers of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 33.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-

Committee on

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Exportation fider of so much of certain Acts, passed in the 6th and 7th of Bu ion* year, and in the 7th and 8th year of the reign of King liam the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Bullion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander, accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House. that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Acts as relate to the Exportation ot Silver Bullion.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Acts as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjiltart, Mr. Sargent, the Lord Viscount and

Sir 'Thomas TheophilusMetcalfe, do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Reported.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Lunatic* whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Sale or Vetoed.1' Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by In-quintion, in England or Ireland, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made ljy the Lords, to Consideratio* the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, im- ^or^,entl proving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the to Carnarvon Port of in the County of Carnarvon, toor near

a placa called in the County of and from in the Parish of to the Town

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of when, the House will please to receive the same. and from a place called to or near to

Ordered, That the Report be now received. Capel in the said County of Carnarvon; and for Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- building a Bridge across the River Aben/ajlyn, in the said * n*n ATn?m.Cnt! whLlcl} Committee had made Counties, be taken into consideration upon Monday next, to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Committee0,

rtd, the.*eP?rt \a h,s Place ’ and after- Polve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ffilw Clerk’s Table- W8 \\ "w*16 ^mendrnents> mat the fider of the Report which was made from the Committee, toprovtmeoi Clerks table. Where the Report was read. to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons,

40 UEO.-ill.

6°—9°

391

': :tch

’v:^a

Sapplr»

deferred*

Waysind

Means,

deferred.

10!U Ji’

i/j

K,lf:

Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- the 16 th day of March last, was made from the Committee, sembled, was referred. to whom the Petition of the principal and other Inha-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- bitants of, and Owners and occupiers of Messuages, Shops, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-* Warehouses, and other Buildings, in tli? Town of,

fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. and part of the Hamlet of Horton adjoining thereto,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- in the West Riding of the County of York, whole names lolve itfell into a Committee of the whole House, to con- are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and improving, the Town of

f and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances therein: And that Mr. Henry

L and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

:No.

Or—

h'-'

C! P

Petition of Committees

Lunas, 9° die

Anno 43" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803. Prayers.

\ PETITION of Sir Richard Gamon, Baronet, James Henry Leigh, Esquire,

ry and

lx. James Henry Leigh, Esquire, Committees of the rfChindoi,e(i Estate of the Moll noble Anna Eliza Duchess of apkkBriitol was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of HaAwr Bill. tf,e £[]] for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port aild Harbour of Bristol-, and letting forth. That the said Duchess is the Owner of considerable Estates intended to be taken or affected by the said Bill, and prin-

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at Derwent or near Loftfome Ferry, from the Parish of to the

opposite Ihore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, IT,at the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Allerton

Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within By»’a‘er

a InclosureBiJ

cipalJj' lying above the lands through which the intended the Manor of Allerton Byzvater, in the Parish of Kippax, in committed.

new River is to be made; and that this scheme, if carried into effefft, will be beneficial to Individuals only, and not to the Public at large, and will be particularly injurious to the estates of the said Duchels: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their counsel and solicitors, against such parts thereof as may affect the ft id Duchess.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

lotlthm An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain MofureBiI!, Open Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boult ham, otherwise Bolt ham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

■ An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the Cold Artiton division, allotment, and indosure, of certain Commons inclosure Bill called Freezing Hill and Niinlet 1, and also of a piece of pa e Open Pasture Land, part of the said Common, called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Afloton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming and establishing the division, allotment, and inclosure, of certain Commons called Freezing

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons, and Nimlett, and also of a piece of Open Pasture Land,

and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boultham, otherwise Boltham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Air. Ellifou do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

part of the said Common called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ajliton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Burland do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Petition

Ipeainj

Notice? for BradiorJ P«ing, Sjc,

"ported.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Wilton, at-s. whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, I,£Ijlure Bl> of the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little and Wastes, within the Township of Wilton, Lazenby, Lack- pa * "

Horton adjoining thereto, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole names are thereunto subscribetl, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

enhy, and West Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons, Moors, and Waites,

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the within the Townships of Wilton, , and

Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as fol-Joweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel' Hailftone produced to the Committee copy of a notice which he affixed, agreeable to the leave granted by the House on the 18th day of March last, on the door of the

Weft Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others. Petition from

Sessions House, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions for the concerned in the Woollen Trade, in the Towns and neigh- Huddersfield,

{■/

' ir

'le-

ft.'

West Riding of the County of York, of an application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for lighting, watch-ing> cleansing, improving, and regulating, the several Greets, lanes, entries, passages, and places, in the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of and for repairing,

Egging) and paving the several causeways and footpaths therein, and for removing and preventing all obstructions and nuisances in the said streets, lanes, entries, passages, and places; and three newspapers, called Yhe ffalfax I Journalof the 2d, 9th, and 16th of April last, were also

bourhood of Huddersfield and Sadd north, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, Woollen Ma-and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen n"^|aurer* Manufacture: And praying, That the lame may be extended to the County of York, if not to the Woollen Manufacture at large.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. -

produced, containing the like notice of the said appli- force, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, cation. at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Power to lend for persons, papers, and record?,

VOL.58. Mr.

392

9° Maii,

A. 1803.

itions of rchants,

of York I Halifax, meeting aojltn Ma-lachire, •orted.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Manufacturers concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the County of 7'ork-, and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, An Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers,

" Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," was read :—And,

John Lees, Esquire, of Halifax, in Yorkshire, Merchant and Woollen Manufacturer, being examined, said, That he has been engaged in the Woollen Trade and Manufacture for thirty years: that the Statute of the 5th of Elizabeth, chapter 4th, concerning apprenticeships in the Woollen Trade, has been considered to be o'ololete; he 1 himself served an apprenticeship only four years; not one ' in ten of the workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactory has served a regular apprenticeship, many have not been apprenticed at all, and the others have been apprenticed for three, four, or five years) according to their ages; apprenticeships for seven years are quite unnecessary; a youth from sixteen to eighteen years of age would learn the art of Weaving in twelve months: that he has some persons now in his employment that have been actually engaged for seven years* but does not by any means consider them as more competent workmen than others who have not been apprenticed for so long a time; the consequence of being obliged to employ none but legally apprenticed Weavers mult reduce the business to one-tenth of its present extent: that he knows of no legal Weavers now out of employment in consequence of others who have not been legally apprenticed heing employed; on the contrary, Weavers are wanted: that he apprehends nine-tenths of the present workmen would be thrown out of employ, if the Statute of the 5th of Elizabeth, chapter 4th, should be enforced: that for want of men, many women are employed as Weavers and Wool-sorters; in some forts of cloth, they work as well; that he considers it essentially necessary for the well-being of the Woollen trade, that the Manufacturer, as occasion requires, should have it in his power to employ such work people in every branch as may be requisite; if the trade were restricded to the employment of work people who had been legally apprenticed, it would not be possible to extend the trade on any occasion of extraordinary demand; that from his own experience, the employment of persons not having been regularly apprenticed to the bufineisof W<}aving, does by no means tend to destroy the good quality of the Manufacture; he knows of no difference between the work of apprenticed and of non-apprentired, that he knows no distinction between the situation of Manufactories in Towns and Manutactories in the Country’, as to the employing of apprenticed or non-apprenticed workmen; that in the present extended lcale upon which the Woollen Manufacture is carried on, the quality of the goods is moil certainly the best security for the welfare of the trade in general, as well as for that of the individuals engaged in it; as there is a l'carcity of workmen, he conceives, that the employing of non-ap-p enticed workmen has not increased, and is not likely to increase the Poor Rates, by throwing apprenticed workmen out of employ. When he takes a workman, or de-. livers out work, he never thinks it advisable to enquire, whether the workman has served a regular apprenticeship; that he does not by’ any means think that the repeal of the Statute requiring Weavers to lerve apprenticeships, would prove injurious to the legal Weavers or their families; that he recollects no prosecutions under the Act of Queen Elizabeth rctpecting Apprentices.

Mr. Nathaniel Murgatroyd, of Bradford, Wool-

len Stuff Manufacturer, being examined, said, That he has been engaged thirty years in that Manufactory; did not 1

serve any apprenticeship himself; began to work at the trade at twelve years of age; more than nine out of ten of t he workmen in the Woollen Stuff manufactory have not been legally apprenticed; cannot speak so positively to the Woollen Cloth Manufacture, but conceives, that there also, more than nine out of ten have.not been regularly apprenticed; very few of the Master Manufacturers in general have been legally apprenticed. To acquire a '

| competent proficiency in the Woollen Manufacture, re-1 quires, in weaving, five or six months; he himself learned I in three, and has supported himself from twelve years of I age: in combing, he learnt in less than three months, j but in general it requires five months to make a proficiency; five months is considered the established time: the other processes require very little time to be master of them.—Being asked, Whether the work of apprenticed workmen in general is better than of non-apprenticed ? he replied. That hejcould not lpcak to that, because he did not know of any who had served a regular apprenticeship; in the taking or employing of workmen, no questions are ever asked, or any difference of price or wages made between apprenticed and non-apprenticed workmen. Many women are employed in the Woollen Stuff Manufacture in Weaving, and other branches. The Spring Shuttle is now in use among the Weavers in Yorkshire-, thinks nine-i tenths use it; Weavers can weave quickest with a Spring Shuttle, and, by facilitating the operation of Weaving, it also mull diminish the demand for Weavers; the goods are as perfect, and bear as great a price in the Market worked with the Spring Shuttle as with a common Shuttle. The Spring Shuttle was the Weavers invention. The use of the Spring Shuttle has not lowered the price of Weaving; the Weavers have all the advantage of the facilitation it has introduced.—Being asked, Whether unapprenticed workmen are not equally orderly with those apprenticed? he replied. That he did not know of any apprenticed workman; does not think that the Poor Rates have been increased, but rather they have been lessened by employing unapprenticed workmen. In the Town of Bolton, he him-fe.f employed a Pauper that had never been accustomed to Weaving before, and who had been a burthen upon his Parish all his life until that time; after weaving the first warp, he said, he kept himself by weaving; he now continues to employ him, who is the best Weaver the witness has; he has worked with him only six months. Thinks the Act of t'ne ytli of Elizabeth, if enforced, would attach as much upon the Workmen as upon the Matters. If the Weft of England alone should obtain a repeal of the Statute of the 5th of Elizabeth, they would have the advantage of the ’Yorkshire People, becausethcy could get hands and wo could not.

Jeremiah Naylor, Esquire, of IVakefielel, Merchant, being examined, laid, that lie has been in the Cloth business twenty-eight years; that an apprenticeship, agreeably to the Statute of the 5th of Elizabeth, moll certainly is not necessary for a person’s attaining such a proficiency in the art or business of a Cloth-dresser, as to enable him to ex-iecute his work in a workmanlike manner; after he attains the age of seventeen or eighteen years, he may learn fit in twelve months, and before the age of sixteen years, he has not strength sufficient for that business; that he never law any cropping done by machinery, and therefore can form no opinion whether the cropper is a necessary man in the finishing of cloth, where machinery is uled te its fullest extent; knows not one man who has served a legal apprenticeship, and at present there is full employ for all good workmen where lie carries on his business; if the Statute of the 5th of Elizabeth was enforced, the consequence would be, that there would be very few workmen legally apprenticed to be found in the Town of his own trade would be totally flopped; it is most certainly his advantage, as well as to that of the whole trade, to employ none but competent workmen.

Thomas Atkinson, Esquire, Mold Green, near,

in Yorkshire, Merchant and Woollen Manufacturer, being examined, said, That within his particular Manufactory there may, perhaps, be one in five or six that have served a regular apprenticeship, because they make it a rule not to turn off any of their workmen so long as they are capable of being employed in arvy way; and they have perhaps

one-

r

43 Geo. III. 9* Mali, 393

one-fifth or one-sixth workmen who are very old, excepting those; does not know that they have a Angle workman that has served a regular apprenticeship. With regard to the Manufactory in general, does not think one in twenty has served a regular apprenticeship. The work of apprenticed is not better than of non-apprenticed work-l men. There is no difference between the prices paid to

apprenticed and non-apprenticed workmen. The strict enforcement of the Act of the 5th of Elizabeth would, as he believes, be very injurious indeed to the Woollen Manufacture. The trade of the Woollen Manufacture has greatly increased of late years. It could not possibly have increased to that extent in the same time, under a strict enforcement of the Act of the 5th of —Then,

Edward Swaine, Esquire, Woollen Merchant in London, being examined, laid. That he has a Woollen Manufactory in the West Riding of that so far as regards

his Manufactory, not one in forty has been regularly apprenticed, nor does he believe there are more in the Manufactory in general; the work of apprenticed is not better than of non-apprenticed workmen; there is no difference in the prices paid to them respectively. In the Witness’s opinion, the consequence of a strict enforcement of the Act of Elizabeth would be, that nine-tenths of the people now employed would be deprived of their employment, and consequently the Parishes must provide for them. The Woollen trade in the County of York has increased of late years very considerably; it could not possibly have increased to that extent in the same time under a strict enforcement of the Act of Elizabeth.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Sownere A Petition of the Persons, whole names are thereunto against Brifloi subscribed. Owners of Lands lying in or near the City of Barbour Bill. Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol-, and setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of the principal parts of the Lands intended to be taken by the said Bill, and some of the Petitioners are Owners of Estates lying above the Lands through which the intended new River is to be made; and that this scheme, if carried into efteft, will be beneficial to Individuals only, and not to the Public at large, and will be particularly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law as it now stands, and that they may be heard, by their counsel and solicitors, against such parts thereof as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table j Until the kid Bill be read a second time.

'r William Anderson presented to the House, ac-prefcated. * cording to Order, a Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, for defining the dimensions of the different Coal Measures, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill to extend the provisions of two Acts, passed in 'HisBin, the 39th and 40th years, and in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging (if raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles of the Koval Exchange of the said City of London; and to amend the said Acts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wilburn Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

cl’son An iogrofled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, HfureBju, 9 Qpmmon called The Nylhe, otherwise

r Vot, $8.

tnon, in the Parish of Old Alre in the County of Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called The Nythe, otherwise The Nythen Common in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Hea do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Froxfield a Common or Waste, called Barnett, and I"j£°fure‘

other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of p Froxfield, in the County of Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Waste, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Stevens, from the Accounts Governors, of Queen Anne's Bounty, attended at the door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Bounty to pursuant to their Orders, - the Poor

An Account of the annual Produce of the Revenues prefixed, vested in the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, from the time of their first incorporation to the ift day of January 1803; distinguishing each yeat: And'also,

An Account of the annual Application of the said Revenues by the said Governors, and in what mode the annual Surplus Revenues have been applied in each year j to which is lubjoined, an Account, specifying the numbers of augmentations made by the Governors in each year, and to what amount in the whole for each year; and also, an Account of the number of Benefices augmentable as not exceeding f . 50 per annum, according to theft* certified values, into the Exchequer, and the returns made to the Governors.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. {

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House. ’

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix,’ this volume. (No. 49.}

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of

Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presented. Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in Great Britain, in the years ending the 5th of April 1802 and 5th of April 1803, respectively; distin-guishing each quarter. ■

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other-papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Accounts General of the Imports and Exports of Great at-

tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

An Account of the Value of India Cotton Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; 1

distinguishing each year, and the several Countries to which they were exported: And al so,

An Account of the Value of British Cotton Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive;

distinguishing each year; and the several Countries to which they were exported: And al so,

; An. Account of the Quantity of Cotton Wool imported

intot this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; distinguishing each year: An^l also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton Yarn and Twist

5 El imported

lF 1 -J..H

4

394

9* Ma

A. 1803.

! Appendix,

(No. 33-)

imported into this Country, from the year 1750 to 1780, The House proceeded to take the said Message into inclusive; distinguishing each year, and the Countries from consideration.

whence imported r And also, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Cotton Yarn acquaint their Lordships, that the Evidence upon which this and Twill exported from this Country, from the year 1750 House passed the said Bill, was the Minutes of the Exa-to 1780, inclusive; distinguishing each year, and the Coun- mination, taken upon oath, before the Select Committee tries to which exported: And also, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee charged with Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and also, of the Duty of Customs, for Home Consumption, during the Petitions of several other Persons, complaining of an undue seven years previous to the 5th January 1803; and of the election and return for the Town and County of the Town Gross Duty of Customs paid thereon, during the fame of Nottingham; and that the House have directed a printed period. copy of the said Minutes to be communicated to their

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr*

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst Speaker acquainted them therewith j and a printed Copy the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Minutes was delivered to them.

Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this And then they again withdrew, volume.

Ch

Copy of M*

nute* to be it i

lent to the Lord*. £

rj 1

1 G*

Am

c

Lords

*oads Bill, igrccd. to.

t j . ... Ordered, That the Bill for granting an additional Allow- thyappointwi

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into ance to Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their

nfsrlomfi/Vr» A m<*nrlm<»ntc maH#» hv Hu* I nrnc tn f p 1 •_r .1 1 i v^oro-

Expences in the due execution ot their ottice, be read the nets Bill, third time Tommorrow.

Amendments consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the o Carnarvon Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porlhdinllaen, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a

place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of,

and from a place called to or near to

Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River , in the said Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 19th year of sieigiUln-the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons " lying in the Manor of SleagilI,in the County of IVtJl-" morland," and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Graham, Mr. James Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

11.) & I2.J

Pr. 108.1.36.

Hi

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 7th year of the ReagSlf Pr. 1 j. 1. 36.) Leave out " day of May," and insert re)gn Qf His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the & 37. J " Wednesday." Open Commons in the Manor of in the County of

Pr. 16. 1.11.) Leave out " second day of May," and Westmorl and for granting other powers for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. James , 8cc.: And they are to meet

The House was moved, That the entry in the Journal this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s of the House, of the 10th day of June 1798, of the Pro- Chamber, ceedings of the House upon taking into consideration the

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Great Hack*

" An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and Open Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows,

" amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed committed. Townshipsof Stretford and Hutme, to the Town of Man-lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be Great , in the Parish of Hope, in the County of

Leave out " second day of May," and insert " fourth Monday."

Leave out from " effect" to " and, " in 1. 37. and insert " immediately on the passing of this Act."

read

And the fame was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendments being severally read a fe--cond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more nd Droitwich effectually^ amending, and keeping in repair, the Road

i to#

fe

A

t;

11

ii

v

1!

k

;• r,

b

•«' b

b

):iy appoint* ,d for third fading of Vorcester

from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadef-Ora ham, Mr. Whitbread, &c: And they are to meet this

# r> •» . -o c n r Atfprnnnn.at b ivf* <»t the clock. in the Sopnlr^r(nvimher.

bourne Bridge, within the rarish of Bromsgrove, in the

rhe Lords efirc the •ioufeto ommunicate he Evidence :l*pe<5ling Nottingham •legion Bill.

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Srewkleytn-and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pah tures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Stewk-ley, in the County of Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jamei Graham, the Marquis of Titchfield,&c.: And they are tq meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, be read the third time upon Friday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Commanded us to acquaint this House,

That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more

e??, Uffy preservinS the Peace» and securing the freedom An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for G*"’‘Njfc of Election, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of naturalizing Lawrence Gall, was read a second time. committed

A.b.u: x, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James

And then the Messengers withdrew. Graham, Sir John William Anderson, &c.; And they are to

queet

1!-.

Ce

Derby, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Graham, Mr Spencer Stanhope, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pal- fncelofureBitfs tures. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the l’arilhes of committal. Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellejin the County of Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James

40 vjEO. ill. 9"* Mal3

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

f,«7's Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bill, naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel Charriere de Muunitttd. was rea(j a peconci time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Report of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contention Port f)t]er Qf t[ie Report which was made from the Committee,-Xm. to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

I further con- The Order of the day being read, for resuming the I of adjourned consideration of the Report which was made fromiichester from the Select Committee, appointed to try and deter-Ommitttt mine ^ie mer, ts the Petition of Sir William Manners, htttrrtd,"’ Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough of lie heller, in the county of;

Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Report

be adjourned till this day sevennight.

■:xK ’

rf; Committee on Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred Ooili, lic.^of to conf'der of the Survey and Report of the Coasts and Scotland, to Central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of rnnotime ^'S^t honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, have power to report, from time to time, to the House.

Papers presented t

Gunpowder and Nayil Stores.

fed Com*

(No. 50.)

Mr. Nicholas Vanfiitart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Copies of Correspondence relative to the preventing the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores: And also.

Copies of Letters respecting the Exportation of 5,000 quarters of Seed Corn to Norway.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Supply,

itv *

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

C*d Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to *<. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-; ^(-‘cr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

*1 granted to His Majesty, be now read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

p Nobhouse, according to Order, reported from the

Eotntnittee of the whole House, lo whom it was referredN P ta^e i"t° consideration the proper method of making K, lit Cornpenliition to the Persons whoie interests may be affected (i , Pa^*ng °1 the Bill to render the processof His Ma-Jest) s Courts of Ring’s stench, Common Pleas, and Ex-t tequer, in personal Actions, in more beneficial,

Vol -b.

the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the operation of the Bill now before the House, to render theprocefs of His Majesty’s Courts of Ring’s Bench,

Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal actions, in that parr of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft: and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " time for Trials by Nisi Prim in the City and County of " Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of " Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the " appearance of Defendants in personal Actions," the lawful fees heretofore received by the several Officers in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, will necessarily be diminished.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Compensation should be made to the said Officers for Losses they may sustain by such diminution of their lawful fees.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee inftnvSfion, of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

That they have power to make provision in the said Billj pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Bill to enable the East India Company to defray the East India Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said volunteers* Company, was, according to Order, read a second time.. bid,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report of further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the sale or fUnher * * mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by in- considered, quisition, in England or Ireland, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not affect the claims of Creditors, except in cases where an order lhatl be made by the Lord Chancellor.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, according Silver Bullion to Order, a Bill to amend so much of several, Acts, passed d

in the 6th and 7th year, and in the 7th and 8th year of the pree" e ’ reign of King William the Third, as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for improving, and rendering more conimodidus, BriftolHar-the Port and Harbour of Bristol, was read a second time. bour Ei|1> Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, comrmtud* Mr. Evan Baillie, &c.: And they are to meet this After- •. noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the several Petitions, which counfd were, this day, presented to the House, and ordered to lie ordered on upon the Table until the said Rill be read a second time, might be again read.

And

96

9* Maii.

A. 1803.

Dlber Peti-rions, against.

Owners, &c. oi Houses in Briftola

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their counsel and solicitors, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the City of Bristol, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read •, taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That such part of the said Bill as imposes a Tax on Houses and Lands within the City, for the alteration of the Harbour, is highly oppressive and unjust, as such a Tax is immediately to be raised, which the Petitioners will be subject tQ for several years before any improvement can possibly take place: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, vefolve itluf into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the said Act.

Mr. Dugdale presented to the House, according to K.wfoiU *r.d

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ittcloling, live Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of pi dented. Hartfliill and Anfley, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Anjley, in the County of Warwick: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill for erecting

a new Church, to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of cornmitieu.’ wick; and for providing a maintenance and refulence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dugdale,

Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, aocording To-qnny Pier

Ship Owners *f strictol.

Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon, and for establishing a Market within the Town of Torquay: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill,

pre fenced.

or counsel, against the said Bill; and that the lame may not to Order, a Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier and pals into a Law. ~ ‘

Two several Petitions of the Owners of Ships of the City of Bristol, whose names are thereunto respectively subscribed, were also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth.

That the principle of the Tax or Rate, proposed by the said Bill to be laid on Goods imported, is wholly impolitic

Severn Tow-

and unjust, and it is likely to operate to the discredit of the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto pemioo, said Port, and consequently to the prejudice of the Ship- subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had exa- reported, ing Interest, and of the Petitioners; and that the said mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, ill, in various other of its provisions, will, if passed into a relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and Law, be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore that the Committee had examined the matter of the said praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or counsel. Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it against the said Bill; and that the lame may not pass into appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in a Law. , his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. referred to the consideration of the said Committee; To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, jamin Batty, being examined, said. That by virtue of an or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Act, passed in His present Majesty’s reign, a Road or Tow-Petitions, if they think fit. ing Path has been made for haling or drawing Vessels along

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- the River Severn, from a place called Meadow Wharf, at mittee. That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the Colebrook Dale, in the County of Salop, to Bewdley fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said in the County of Worcester, and the navigation on the said Petitions.

j The Lord* ‘have agreed to

Chickerill Inclosure Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

River has been greatly benefited thereby: That at present boats, barges, and other vessels, navigating the said River, between Bezvdley Bridge aforesaid and Dig/is below Worcester, are haled by Men only, which is attended with great expence, uncertainty, and delay, but if power was given to hale the fame with horses, or other beasts, and to extend

Harrow In-<Joiure Bill.

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Open the present Horie Towing Path from its present termination and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and at or near aforesaid, to below

Places, within that part of the Parish of Chickerill, other- the navigation of the said River would be attended with wife Weft Chickerill, which lies within the Tything of Weft greater expedition, certainty, and convenience, and carried Chickerill, in the County of Dorset; without any Amend- on at less expence; and man^ other benefits would relult ment: And also, _ to the Public therefrom.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for cx-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- tending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on mon Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge, in the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex; without County of Worcester, to the Deep Water at Diglis, below any Amendment. the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Andrew Foley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

AAa&on Inclosure Bill, presented*

Sir Jacob Henry Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

1 Duf^Act to *^ie House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d heconsidered. year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the * reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties " on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in * lieu thereof; and for making effectual provision for the 4t better Collection of the said Duties,’* might be read.

And the lame being retd accordingly;

9

A Petition of several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of, unto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Western Division of the County of Kent, was presented to against Kent the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for repeal- bounty ing an Act, made in the 9th year of the reign of King gUr' George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the " Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of " the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece of " ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and " for empowering the said Justices to apply part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame,*' and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County to hold a yearly General Sessions of the Peace, for the purpose of examining, passing, and allowing, the Accounts of the Treasurers of the two divisions of the said County; and.

- for

10°

397

1

j Dublin Har* hour and

aridgci

r*c:t»on*%

reported.

r’»

l

C;

for the better regulation and payment of the public Expences of the said County j and letting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, the rights and interests of the Petitioners will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard; by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee; upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an tnstruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices wild come to the Com1-mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. John Claudius Beresfordreported Froth the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at Trinity Term 1802; and a!so, the Petitions of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at Hilary Term xb’03, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relating to Bills for the Improvement of any City or Town, had been complied with; but that no notices for rebuilding or repairing any Bridge were given, as directed by the Standing Orders, the ne-ceflity for such an application not having occurred till the time limited for giving l'uch notices had elapsed; that notices for rebuilding and repairing the Bridges mentioned in the last-nientioned Petition had been given, in the manner directed by thd laid Standing Orders, in the month of April lad, and also by affixing the fame on all the Paiitli Churches in the said City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, within the district of the Metropolis, through which the River Anna Liffey runs; and that the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the two first-mentioned Petitions, an Act, passed in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty in the Parliament of Ireland, intituled* " An Act for amending, and rendering more effec-41 tual, two several Acts, one passed in the twenty-sixth " year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An " for promoting the Trade -of Dublin, ly rendering its Port and * Harbour more commodious; and the other Act, passed in the thirty-second year of His Majesty’s reign, intituled; u An Act for repairing and preferring the of the River

" Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin; and for amending " an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of His Majesty’s " reign, intituled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, " by rendering Us Pert and Harbour more was

read:—And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the provisions of the said Acts have been found to be totally insufficient and inelfcdual for the purposes intended thereby j and that it will tend very much to the advantage and convenience of the Inhabitants of the City of Dublin, and of the district of the Metropolis, that the said several above-recited Acts should be amended, and rendered effectual for the purposes therein contained.—Then,

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That, subsequent to the application contained in the first-mentioned Petition, from the unusual and extraordinary floods M the River Anna Liffey, one of the principal Bridges over the fame, called Ormond Bridge, and which is situated in the centre of the said City of Dublin, has been totally decoyed, by means whereof the Inhabitants have been greatly inconvenienced, and the trade of the said City interrupted; and that other Bridges over the said River being in astate of decay, it is the general wish of the Inhabitants, that provision should be made for rebuilding and repairing such Bridges, and that such grievances should be remedied as speedily as possible.

Voi.^8.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circum- ?R" stances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that 0i otlce‘ notices may be given of so much of the present application to Parliament as relates to the rebuilding or repairing the Bridges therein mentioned, by advertisement, published three times in one of the newspapers dually circulated in the City of Dublin, and by affixing the said notices for seven days on the door of the Sessions House of the said City.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amend- Bill or Jerec ing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering jts Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin -, and also, for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain limits: And that Mr. John Claudius Beresford tend Mr.

John Latoucke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the said Bill may be committed do examine, in the first place, how far the Order for giving the said notices has been complied with; and do report the same to the House on the Report of the said Bill.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of, or Per- Potion of fons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Com- nert<

mons, and Waste Lands, in the Pari 111 of in the stewkley

County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and inclosure Bl,i read; taking notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Stewkley, in the County of Buckingham j and setting forth. That if the said Bill shouldpafs into a Law, the rights and interests of the Petitioners will be very ma- , terially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning; Ten of the clock.

Martis, 10® die;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1803.

FraVerS.

A PETITION of the Baillies and Trusteas of the Towns petition r«-of Port Glasgow and Newark, in the County of Ren- fixing frew, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, PonGl/^ow That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the and Newark 16th day of March last, notices have been given at the last p»vms* General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County oiRenfrew,a.tRenfrew,z.nd in a newspaper called Advertiser, or Clyde and RenfrevufhireChronicle, published on the 25th and 29th days of March, and lft day of April last, of application having been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Court House and Frifon, and other necessary public buildings, within the limits of the said Towns, and for other purposes; And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

51 And

1

398

10" Mali.

A. 1803.

And it is referred to Mr. Boyd Alexander, Mr. Af Dowall, had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Clerk’s Table.

to fend for persons, papers, and records. And the said Bill was read the third time.

, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill respect- Ordered, That Mr. 'James Graham do carry the Bill to ing the Woollen Manufacture is committed, have Power the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath ‘

additional ‘owers to

-ommittee on - ,

Vooiien Ma. to lend for penons, papers, and records.

uifatturer* Ordered, That the said Committee, have leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Bury and

A Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and *«ier keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and Bill,

Mr. William Henry Fellowes reported from the Com- and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually rc- comnutted'

Petition

eportod

’etUion.ROa<* tnittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose pairing and improving the several Reads leading to and names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating in execution several Acts, passed in the 28th year of his thereto, was read a second time, late Majesty, and the 19th year of His present Majesty, for Rcfo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. repairing certain Roads within the Counties of Huntingdon, Bul/er, Mr Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this After-Cambridge, and Bedford, was referred; That the Committee noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And,

Mr. James Harris being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable

Alloa

Mr. B/arkburneof Lancashirereported from the Com- Petition re-

mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- Hatton

sums of money on the credit of tire Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which money, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied according to the directions of prietors of Estates in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish Hiclosure, the said Acts; *od that the said money l'o borrowed cannot of Rin the County of was referred; That ltport be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended, and kept the Committee had examined the mutter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the 1 louse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Affi-

in repair, unless the terms and powers by the said Acts granted be amended, altered, and enlarged; and it would be attended with great ease in the execution if such powers were reduced into one Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for en

larging the term, and altering the powers, of two Acts, davit was produced to Your Committee, whereby it ap-made in the 28th year of the reign of King George the peared, that, in pursuance of leave granted by the House Second, and in the 19th year of the reign of His present on the 15th day of March last, notices have been given on Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury, in the County the door of the Parish Church of Runcorn, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in of Chester, on three Sundays in the said month of March Stratton, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. William and in the month of April last, of an application having Henry Fellowes and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do pre- been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Shadwell A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Incioiure Bill, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor corami and Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of and

West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

11

Pi

ar.i

to 1

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour Harbour and of Alloa, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Bn?5’*' Alloa, and removing and preventing nuisances and obstruc- committed.^ tions therein; forestablishing a Market in the said Town; and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with water, was read a second titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General phane, Mr. Johnstone, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

i:

'it.

An

h

tr.

Cc.

0

a A ' N

1 j‘f

h

11;

•-I '

i *every’s Nat.

! Bill, eported, and lulled.

Call’s Cat. Bill, rported, and

aflt-d.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel Charriere de Severy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Gall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that ,the Committee

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester.

The House was moved, That the former Petition of the said several Persons, which was pfefented to the House upon the 14th day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant Bill, ordered-to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Black-burne of Lancashire and Mr. Patten do prepare, and bring the fame.

in

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Penrith a#d Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Penrith, Eden- Ins1'’Jood hall, Salkeld, otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Hejkett, j^loVuie Bill, Wetheral, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of corou"^-

feeugh, and Braithwaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Townships of Raughton and Gailfgill, and Ivegill, in the Parish of Dalfion, in the Honor of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wallace,

Mr. Burdon, he.: And they are to meet'this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, j^u0JJ|o,an<i the Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, jnciofur« Bill.

' within

t:..

It

UJiiU* All.

• TkJ

within the Parish of lxworth, in the County of and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the same County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of lxworth, in the County of , and the Open

and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the fame

County.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Brome do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Smeritytta, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,-&c.inciofure the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands,

B * *""*"• within the several Parishes of and

Lound, in the County of Suffolk, was read the third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Brome do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

httaand A Bill to Continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Unafter powers, of two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring and for maintaining and keeping in repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne, with Hejl, to a place called Hejl Bank, in the said Township, was read a i'econd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Stanley, Set.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dbtfaand Mr. Gore Langlon reported from the Committee, to ^rftt whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition, Dorsetand Somerset Canal Navigation, was referred; That "ported. the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Canal from or near Gain's in the Parish of Shillings ton Okeford, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Rennet and Avon Canal at or near Widkrook, in the County of Wilts ,and also a certain navigable Branch from the intended Canal, was read :—And, Mr. George Mefjiler being examined, said. That the said Company have made a considerable progress in executing the powers vested in them by the said Act, and have executed a considerable part of the said Canal, and the works , connected therewith: That, in performing the works aforesaid, the Petitioners have expended the money already advanced, but the said Canal is yet unfinished, and that it will require further Aims of money to a large amount to complete the same, and the works connected therewith; but that such further sums cannot be raised, nor the said Canal and works be completed, unless the powers of the kid Act are amended, varied, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and So-merfet Canal Navigation to raise a further sum of money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation: And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. Bur land do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of JohnM‘Clintock, Serjeant at Arms in His p ^rtofE,. Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

Voi.jJ.

10° Mail

-399

r-

A Petition of Charles Henry Meares, a Clerk in the Pleas Ireland, Office in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of Patrick Nangle, a Clerk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of William Houghton, Clerk of the Attachments in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland:And also,

A Petition of Matheiv Nangle, a Clerk in the Pleas Office of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial: And praying, That, in case the fame should pass into a Law, the Petitioners may receive a reasonable compensation for the losses they will sustain thereby.

And the said Petition? were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Gefw«llSti Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the lft and 23d years Of rep0 e ’ the reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and repairing, the Road from the North-east side of the

Goswell Street Road, next lflington, in the County of dlesex, and near to the Road called the New Road, over the fields and grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog House Bar, and at and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by t he Artillery Ground, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have leave of absence for one Leave of month, on account of his health. *bfenc«.

Ordered, That Mr. Smyth, of the county of have leave of absence for one month, on account of his health.

Ordered, That Mr. Sommers Cocks have leave of absence for one month, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Chippenham election.

Ordered, That Mr. Staniforth have leave of absence for one month, on account of the death of a near relation.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do make the Report Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made improvement from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord p«*tion. Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

His Majesty be authorized to direct such further sums of money, not exceeding, in the whole, the lum of One hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Chamber of the City of London, as may from time to time be necessary and sufficient, to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to defray the charges and expences of repairing and altering the present Mooring Chains in the River Thames, as occasion shall require, and of providing and laying down new or other Mooring Chains

in

400

10° Mail.

A. 1803.

in the River Thames, imd df carrying into execution such Bridges, and Other works, maintained at the expence of

other improvements in the Port of London, according to '

the intent and direction of the Act, passed in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better re-* gulating the Port of London," as shall from time to time be expedient, for the benefit and accommodation of the Public, and shall be approved of and concurred in by the Matter, Warden, and Assistants, of the Trinity House of •Deptford Strond, and consented to and allowed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the tittle being; such lums to be repaid into the receipt of His

the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a 1'ecOnd time.

Refohed, 'That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole Ho\ife upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the New Writ 1

Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, out of the monies to 20th day of April last, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his arise by the Rates granted, and made payable to His Ma- warrant, for the making out a new writ for the electing of h°un.omn£' jetty, His Heirs, and Successors, in and by the said Act, a Burgess, to fcrVe in Parliament for the Town and County and any other Rates and Duties hereafter to be granted in of tire Town of Nottingham, before the 1 ith day of May next, addition thereto. might be read.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That And the said Order being read accordingly;

new and additional Rates or Duties of Tonnage be granted 'Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his warrant, for

to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, equal in amount, the making out of such new writ, before Thursday seven-and limilar to the Rates and Duties now payable to His Ma- night, the 19th day of this instant May. jetty. His Heirs, and Successors, in and by the said Act,

Sreenhill Vloor and •lathe rlhge Hoads Bill, Committed.

and that the said Rates and Duties, together with the former Rates and Duties, be continued until the whole of the monies advanced, and to be advanced, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the purposes expressed in the said Act, with iniereft for the fame, be repaid to the said fund.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed •0 by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; And that Sir John William

Sir William Curtis, and Mr. Nicholas > do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Act, passed in the 21ft year of the reign of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. The Lords Stratford: tave agreed u

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *'"8’* Lrn" For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving, p^'ce^M. the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for removing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and beast markets within more convenient parts of the said Borough; without any Amendment: And tdfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chipping for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, and inclos- i^ctofureBii;. ing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Failure, Common Down, Watte, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Town-

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the pre- ship of Chipping Lambovne, in the Parish of Chipping Lam sent Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, to Hathersage, borne, in the County of Berks-, and for dividing, allotting, and from the Chef erf eld Turnpike Road, near Stoney Mid- and inclosing, a certain Common, called King's Heath, dleton, to Totley, all in the County of Derby, and also for within the Tything of in the Parish of Chipping

making two new branches from the said Roads to Bafiozo, Lamborne aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

1

feroners Bill, mt otf for ix months.

in the said County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York, was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Augujhts Henry Cave c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting an additional Allowance to. Coroners, in consideration of the increase of their Expences in the due execution of their office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the ci0VureAa. reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for di-" viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waite " Grounds, within the Township of in the Parish

" of Prejhvich-atm-Oldham, in the County Palatine ol " cajier," without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Survey and Report of the Coasts and Central Highlands of

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, < la, made, by the command of the Right honourable the

That the said Bill be now read the third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now,*’ and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day six months." And the Question being put, That the word " now," Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, . } *}■

* Tellers for the Noes, j Generallr<«^eaT' } ‘7-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " upon " this day six months," be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day six months.

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in autumn of 1802.

the

oiinty Bridge* Bill# committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second. reading of the Bill for remedying certain defefls in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of committed-Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, from the Select Committee, appointed to KirKud-try and determine the merits of the Petition of the Ho- ^jon, nourable Montgomerie Granville John , complaining determined,

of an undue election and return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined,

That Patrick Heron, Esquire, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Montgomerie Granville John Stewart,

the

43 IjEO; 111*

icr—11" Mali.

401

0.J

the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Commissioner, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Honourable Montgomerie Granville Joint Stewart is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the op of the said Patrick , Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee , to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House. jypatyClerk Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at-oftiieCrown tend this House, Tommorrow^ with the last return for the to attend. Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and amend the fame, by raling out the name of Patrick Heron, Esquire, and inserting the name of the Honourable Montgomerie Granville John art, instead thereof.

Motion for The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the the Order for 5fh day of April last, for taking into consideration, upon wfidoring Thursday the 26th day of this inllant May, the Petition nabn 7°^n Macnamara, of Langoed in the County of

Petition, Brecon, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and re-tdiMiawn. turn for the County of Radnor, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps, raised by the said Company, be now read.

, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speakef resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

teiington Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Ingleit Fortescue, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the of* lice of Steward or Bailiff* of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Defbo and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Committee on hit India Company’* Volunteer* Bill,

Lunatics Estates Bi deferred.

Committet Medicine Duty Act, deferred.

S'ctf A Petition of the Tanners of the Town and vicinity S' of was presented to the House, and read; set-

ting forth, that the Tanning Trade of Ireland is now in such an alarming state of dcclension, on account of restrictions laid upon it by the existing Excise Laws of -land, that the Petitioners mult, with many others similarly circumstanced, be altogether ruined, if the House do not interpose some remedial arrangements; and that the present Duty is raised, not upon the quantity of Leather tanned, but upon the number of cubic feet contained in y. each vat, in which the process of tanning is carried on;

a,nd so great is the disproportion between the old and pre-lent method, that the annual amount of the Duty now; paid on the cubic feet exceeds, by very near two-thirds,.

the Excise paid on the Stock taken up in that course of time by the late regulation: And therefore praying the House to make such reduction of their burthens as may place therti upon fair and equal terms of trade with the English Tanner, so far as the nature of the charge by the cubic foot will admit of the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.-Vol.-58.

The House, according to Order, resolved Rself into a Committ Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws felat- the Laws ing to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; 1 e‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may-have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read j

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by Inquisition, in England, of Ireland, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame, be read the third timfe Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, pafi’ed in the 25th " year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting " Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging " other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual " provision for the better collection of the said Duties."

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Mail;

Anno 43" Georgii IIIt5! Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- KirkcuJ-ing to Order; amended the return for the Stewartry bright ke-of Kirkcudbright. mended.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Petition re-

the Petition of Sir John Legard, Baronet, and William freeing Legard, Clerk, the only Persons interested in the Lands Canton,f&. and Grounds thereinafter mentioned was referred; That inclosure B the Committee had examined the matter of the said rePorte<1, Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Affidavit was produced to Your Committee; whereby it appeared, that, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 4th day of March last, notices have been given on the doors of the Parish Churches of Ganton and Wilier by, in the County of York, on three Sundays in the said month of March, of an application having been made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter Brompton, in the Parish of Ganton aforesaid, and within the Parish of Willerby aforesaid, and for making a compensation for the Tythes within the said Townships of Ganton and Potter Brompton.

The House was moved, That the former Petition of the said several Persons, which was presented to the House upon the 21ft day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read. j

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- j

suant to the prayer of the said Petition 1 And that Mr* I

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Middietoi the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Incloiu‘e

5 K * Common

402

11° M

A. 1803.

Com toon Fields, and Common Pasture, Commons, and his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Waste Lands, within the Township of Middleton, in the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

East Riding of the County of York, and for making acorn- Amendments were once read throughout; and then a ... -- ’ - ‘l-'1 1 ■’ r ’ second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-

pensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in Middleton aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for

dividing.

allotting.

and inclosing,

certain

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Nicholas anti Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in,

Saint Mary-le-Wigford, Saint and Saint in

the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret as lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said

Lincoln Tn-clolure Bill, committed.

4:

in

the

f:Vi

F1

J-

Ti.j

0

fir

Cil

(Cu

nr.

Of

Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- City as a Common Failure, for the purposes therein men out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the tioned, was read a second time.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

ill to amend Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to [ickleton In- Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 42(1 ■e!a;:ed.a’ year of His prest-nf Majesty, intituled, "An Act fordi-" viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common " Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable " Lands, within the Town (li ip of Mickle ton, and Parish " of Romaldkirh, in the North Riding of the County of " York and for making compensation for the Tythes, and all Payments in lieu of Tythes, within the said Town-flu p of Mickleton: And the lame was received; and read

■ the first time.

i Rejo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sib thorp,

Mr. Chaplin,8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that part PeafeMarfli of the Common or Waste Land called The Pease Marsh, Inclosure Bill, which lies within the Manor of Lofe/cy, in the Parish of commme

Nicholas, in Guildford, and within the Manor of Poljled, in the Pari fir of Compton, in the County of Surrey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Rnjjell,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

*lbv Bridge

[BiH,

‘iported.

Mr. William Henry Fellowespresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the term, and altering the powers, of two Acts, made in the 28th year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the 19th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a house called The Spread Eagle, in Stra, in the County of Bed-

Bury and Stratton Road Bill, reported.

Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Toy £,to the And the fame was received; and read the first time,

Porish nf HAmtvia-hnr niton, in the rLIII 1 J .1 t-»*h 1 1 r- 1 .*

1 ftbrd Tn-

, >fnre Bill,

>orted.

opposite shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, of the Trustees of the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the City of and of several Merchants, Traders, Mailers, and Owners of Ships and Vessels trading upon the said river, and other Persons interested in the navigation thereof, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

a-j

r

'j:\

to whom Homcaltleln-the Open dofure Bill,

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee,

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,-----r^ or Kd

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other re£)ore Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

r

• '• Ai

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are petition of thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Ro«i» relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from *?gi^rrefn* and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of Sheffieldin the County of through the Towns of K'oad»Biii-the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Hat herfage, Hope, and (I let on, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of of one acre of land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the the whole property belonging to persons interested in the In- powers of an Act, passed in the 21ft year of the reign of •closure, conftfts of 395 acres; and that no person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in 11

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon to

and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton, to Tolley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new branches from the said Roads to

m

■jp

V] I

43 Geo. III.

W Mali.

403

in the said County, and to Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York-, and setting forth. That there are several clauses and provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the several Pe-^'urersPctS- t,tlons> presented to this I louse in this Session, relating to - the Act of the 59th and 40th year of His present Ma-pon.Opinion, jesty, for settling Disputes between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, are referred, have Power to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Fuaher Order The House was moved. That the Order, made upon itWivetoKe- the 2d day of March lait, " That there be laid before this SeniaIre- " House, forthwith. Returns of the number of Free-i Uad. " holders registered by the Clerks of the Peace in the " several Counties of Ireland; distinguishing the number I " of each clals of Freeholders so registered, Fifty

" Pounds Freeholders, Twenty Pounds Freeholders, and " Forty Shillings Freeholders; also, specifying the dates of " the years of registry, and the number registered in each year, respectively," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Clerks of the Peace do forthwith make their respective Returns, conformable to the said Order.

A Bill for extending the term of, and altering, amending, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 29th, 32d, and 37th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; and for extending the said Acts to other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, was read a second time.

ResolvedfThat the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr . Ferguson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Roal Lord Granville Levefonreported from the Com-■"porttd. mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, palfed in the 2d and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty', fot repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from,

in the County of St,afford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to and from Wetley Rocks to Yean, in the said County of Stafford, 'vas committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, passed in the *d and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, w repairing the high Road leading from in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to tight on, in the County of and from Hanging

oridge, to the HalfWay to Spath, in the said County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the .» and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-Vox,. 58.'

1 Roads Bill, I committed.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Frivolous the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious B

Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- scotch Schc ing of the Bill for making better provision for the Pa-rochial Schoolmaster?, and for making further regulations for the better government of the Parish Schools in,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. IVi/liam Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend power to for persons, papers, and records. Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- East Ind!a ing of the ingossed Bill, to enable the Company Company’s

to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps, raised jg^p^red, by the said Company, be now read. ’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps, raised by the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee or resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Medicine consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign defwedf* of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal " an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign " of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on " certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for making effectual provision for the better " collection of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second sllverBull-reading of the Bill to amend so much of several Acts, Bill, compared in the 6th and 7th year, and in the 7th and 8th mitted-year of the reign of King William the Third, as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,' That, this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- lunatics ing of the ingossed Bill to authorize the Sale or Mortgage Estates Bill» of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in paffwl‘ England or Ireland, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates

Goo*;: "—*

404

11°—12°

A. 1803,

of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England or Ire- consider further of \Vays and Means for raising the Supply land, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame. granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to That this House will, upon Friday next, retire Lords, and desire their concurrence. solve itself into the said Committee.

ommittee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on M.C°Urt* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the

the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating t|,‘e Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the relating to that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more be- rclidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices. Peribnr

neficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Ar- Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

rests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Par- Mr. Pole Carew took the Chair of the Committee, liament of Ireland in the 21 ft and 22d years of the reign Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they " the time for Trials by Ni/i Prins, in the City and County had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was " of Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the leave to tit again.

The Lords have agreed to

Oakley Ineloi’uie Bill.

appearance of Defendants in personal Actions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mir* John Smyth took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Commitee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Order* in Council i respecting Gunpowder and Naval Stores, prerented.

Mr. Chancellor' of the Exchequer presented so the House, by His Majesty’s command,

N° 1. Copy of Order in Council prohibiting the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition, for two months, from the date of the said Order—dated 6th April 1803: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Order in Council prohibiting the Exportation of Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, and other Naval Stores, for two months, from the date of the Order, except as therein excepted—dated nth May 1803: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Order in Council for permitting Ships

Resolved;'\'hat this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account* General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he £^‘‘"2 was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, corn,'*'1 pursuant to their Orders, presented.

An Account of the number of Prosecutions for Penab ties and Frauds in the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the Duty of Customs on Coffee, and of the Expences incurred thereby, during the period of seven years, previous to the 5th January 1803: And also.

An Account of the Sums paid for Bounties on Corn*

Meal, Flour, and llice, imported between the 10th of October 1802 and the 5th of April 1803; distinguitliing each Quarter.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiom

And then the House* having continued to fit till after Twelve of the clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

ill

‘ k.

1 .1

.?'1 A.

if;, ‘C. 1; i':"

Jovis, 12° die Mail;

Anno 430 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803;

Prayers.

-and Vessels trading to Africa to take on board and export rl 'HE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Cirenceitrr Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, for trade there; and A Petition of Robert Sand ford, Esquire, and other In- an^|*0?

also, to take on board Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammuni- habitant Householders legally settled in the Borough of Election tion, for the defence of the said Ships, in certain propor- Cirencester, in the County of having a right to

5 r;

•fv

Appendix,

(No. 51.)

tions, and under the conditions mentioned in the said Order—dated nth May 1803.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on behalf of themselves and others, complaining of an undue ekdlion and return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hun-Committee on The Order of the day being read, for the House to dred and fifty-eight Members being present;

King S resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to And the Petition of John Charlton Kinckant, of Park consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Hall, in the County of Salop, Esquire, complaining of an Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of undue election and return for the Borough of Biftop's November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile‘Trans- Cafle, in the said County, being also ordered to be taken actions all the facility and acccommodation that may be into consideration on this day;

confident with the security of the public Revenue; The several Petitioners and other parties, in both the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- cases, their counsel and agents, were called in. solve itself into the said Committee. And the door being locked;

, The Older of the day, for taking the Petition, complain-

The Order of the day being read, for the House to ing of an undue election and return for Cirencester, into resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consideration, was read, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Speech, relating to Mercantile Tran factions, deferred.

\f-

C

Supply,

deferred*

Ways fend Means,

iV.crrtd#

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Charles Watkin Williams Wynne, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committee for trying the Cirencester election, by the coun-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fei for the Petitioners.

W.

, - -V

And

*t,j x^rEOi 111.

IP Mali.

405

* Cciv:-

» r.<{:-;rr-;

3 '.CJl!

h:.4

And the name of William Baldwin, Esquire, being drawn, Mr. John Claudius Beresford presented to the House, ac- Dublin

lie was nominated to serve on the Committee to be ap- cording to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more g^esBiU pointed for tryir% the Btjhop's Cajlleelection, by the counsel effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in pretexted.

for the lifting Mehrbers in that case. the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for pro-

And the name of Charles Dundas of Berkshire, Esquire, moting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and being drawn, he was nominated to lerve on the Committee Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and prelerv-

for trying the Cirencester election, by the counsel for the ing the wails of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dub*

fitting Member. /in; and also, for empowering the Corporation for prelerv-

Nole. That in the course of drawing the names, the ing and improving the Port of , to build and repair

names of several Members were drawn, who were Bridges over the said River, within certain limits: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refo, That the Bill be read a second time.

f Arc

o r

F"-

CalHe

Election

Petition,

cofljidertd.

excused, as being Cixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel on the Cirencester election; and the door being opened, the parties, their counlei and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked;

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the said Petition, complaining of an undue eiedion and return for Bishop's Castle, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glades, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 42d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to lerve in Parliament.

And the name of Hugh Leycester, Esquire, being drawn, mon Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the of the United Kingdom called more beneficial, and

counsel for the Petitioner. also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to

Note.That in the course of drawing the names, the repeal so much an Act, passed in the Parliament of names of several Members were drawn, who were Ireland in the 21ft and 22d years of the reign of His present excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or Majesty, int’tuled, "An Act for enlarging the time for as having served on a Select Committee; and other " Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of names were set alide, the Members being petitioned " and for making the process of the Court of Exchequer against. " more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance

And the whole number of forty-nine names being com- of Defendants in personal Actions, was committed; the plete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the couniel; Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, HomcafUe the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and I"^d>ur* *l! < other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of P

Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from, the Irtfh Court! \ Committee of the whole House, to wh-'in the Bill to render Um’ rePorte" the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Com-

Chester P«ing, &c. Bill, reported.

and the door being opened, the parties, their couniel, and agents, withdrew.

Mr. Leycester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, alter, and enlarge, the powers of an Act,

and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

passed in the 2d year of the re gnof His present Majesty, Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend-intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Poor, main- ment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

" taining a nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-" the Streets, Rows, and Passages; providing Fire-engines grofled.

"and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-" Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of morrow.

" Chester," so far as the fame relates to maintaining a nightly

Watch, lighting and cleansing the streets, rows, and pal-lages, within the said City, and for removing and preventing nuisances and announces within, and for better regu-

The counsel and agents in the case of the Cirencester election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a re-

lating and improving the Police of the said City, was com- duced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- fame was called over; and is as follows: tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Sir Robert Baronet, Charles Stewart

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Hawthorne, Esquire, JeJferys Allen, Esquire, Sir Thomas Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Moftyn, Baronet, Henry Esquire, the Earl

Cirencetfcr

EJe&ion

Committee,

appointed*.

Enrage ofure Bill, fitted.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pastures, Common Down, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town-shipof Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. George Vanfsttart, &c.: And they are to meet

of Dalkeith, Isaac Gajcoyne, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, the Honourable George Knox, Snowdon Barne, Esquire,

Abel Ram, Esquire, the Honourable John , Lord ViT count Cranley, Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquire,

Charles Dundas, of Berkshire, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Sele<ft Committee for trying the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for Cirencester, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the number of Distilleries in England, specifying relative to the places where each Distillery is situated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- ordtmk

this Afternoon, it Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s count of the number of StiUs in every such Distillery, spe-r>L i * cifying the contents of each Still in gallons.

wambef* SL Ordered,

Vet. 58.

J

40 6

12' M

A. 1803.

Ordered,'That there be laid before this Ho life, an Ac* effectual, several Acts, of the twenty-fourth and twenty-count of the number of Gallons of Spirits which have paid eighth years of his late Majesty, and of the fourth,

1 i i 1 _ _ J I . J ! _ L T — O A ka a 1. A 1. V a mI. A i- V I -« 4 ^ 1 T f f M 1 V 1

-1 je:

twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and thirty eighth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Sparrow’s continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two ^.e *njj Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the Bin. * 0

count of the number of Stills for rectifying in every such reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Iload from Distillery, specifying the contents of each Still in gallons. the South end of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey , in the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County count of the number of Gallons of Groi's Spirits which of Buckingwithout any Amendment: And also, have been permitted to every such Rectifying Distillery in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Boultham the year ending 5th of January 1803, with the number of dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons and Com- Inclosure Bill.

permitted out of each liecl i- inonable Lands, within the Parish of otherwise

Duty, in the year ending the 5th of January 1803, in every such Distillery, with the Amount of the Duty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Rectifying Distilleries in England, specifying the places where every such Rectifying Distillery is situated

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Gallons of Rectified Spirits fying Distillery in the same year.

Oraered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock of Gross and Rectified Spirits on hand in every such Rectifying Distillery, on the 5th of January 1802 and on the 5th of January 1803.

cpnrt of U Hi tin

.imiiies ngiin r-committed ill, furt her ) a fide red.

liihcp's

Cali I e election Committee S' ppointed.

Boitham, in the County of Lincoln', without any Amend ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eyamlndo-for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste fu«Bill. Grounds within the Manor of in the County of

Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hanflop for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Inclosure Bill. Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanflop, otherwise Hanjlope, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Milton Emefc for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, inciofure Bill. Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places,

.... within the Parish of Milton in the County of

• Amendments, made by the Committee, to the jor(p. without any Amendment: And also,

aid Bill, be.ne severally read a second time. were, unon the The Lords have agreed tQ the Bill> intituled, An Act Norton

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons inciofure Bill and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfidd, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Croydon, making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Railway Bill, place called Meadow, in the Town of to

or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surra, with a collateral Branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merjlham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of God-Jlouc, all in the said County of Surrey; with some Amend- mep.ts; to which Amendments the Lords dertre the con*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia Men, when called out into actual Service, was again recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amen said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

-» 1

': (V

mS

tie:

1

X

X

X

U

m:

0.

y

C-:,

I:

i ‘rivolous ^rrefts Bill, ommitted#

The counsel and agents in the case of the Castle

election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable George Heneage Lawrence DunJas, Francis Dickins, Esquire, Sir George Cornczvall, Baronet, Sir Robert Peel, Baronet, William Lee Antonie, Llquire, Alexander Allan, Esquire, Lord Viscount Slopford, William Egerton, Esquire, Robert Hurst, Esquire, the Honourable Edward

Paget, John George Philipps, Esquire, Hobhouse,

Esqitire, Richard Benyott , Esquire, William , Esquire, Hugh Leycester, Esquire,

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for Bishop's Castle, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monda\* next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

'he Lords avc agreed to

■dinburgh loads Bill*

currence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dif- The Lords (solve the Marriage of tide Beverend George Markham, Dean have of 1 orky with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton, his now Wife, and DWoraBiiL to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned •, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcllen2;ers withdrew.

O

The Order of the day for the Call of the House, being Call deferred, read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday next.

Resolved, That when the House shall have proceeded, Names of upon Thursday next, to the appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap- Ballots to be

• A

pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and reports., the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who Inal) be absent from the House, and who shall not then be terving on Select Committees for trial of controverted cleftions, to be set aside; and that a list of the names of l’uch absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, Tint, upon the Report of the lift of the names of tuch absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Select Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for House, and shall not be discharged out -of custody without enlarging and altering the powers of, and rendering more the special Order of the House.

Ordered,

.1:

43 Geo.

12 13° Ma

407

Indemnity

Bill,

Ordered, That leave be given t6 bring in a Bill for in- the Lord Gardner, &c.: And they are to meet this After*

wr.Vs H: ric H

W^l

bil

liiilv..’’

Fwk

i'uxii.,

K*‘-

orderrJ. denirlifyingall Persons who have been concerned in issuing noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

<£-*"* or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom lord

and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for blj&|S

of Seed Corn to Norway: And that Mr. Attorney Ge- veiling part of the settled Estates of the Bight honourable reported, and

neral, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, Charles Earl of in the Counties of Salop,

and bring in, the fame. C, &r£r, Wilts, and Oxford, in Tru flees, to be sold,

and for laying out the monies to arise by such lale in the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the in lieu thereof, to the same uses, and subject to the fame Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating restrictions, was committed; That the Committee had to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame

Coimcitw an

nr-committed

Bill fa amend the Laws rd.it :/i£ to Spirtuil ' Persons.

Reported.

the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PoleCarew took the , Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Pole Carezv accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. reported from tjic Committee, to whom the Bill to amend

report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; Bill for altering and amending the powers of an Act, made and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, in- reporter ' 1

tituled, " An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

First Report of Commii-Brnffs of Naval Enquiry, pielenrei

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Mctnbers of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary to the Comissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The First Report of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregu-

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, " Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Waites, and Commonable " Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of "Croydon, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bids of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

lari ties. Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been prac- directed him to report to the House; and he read the " tiled by Persons employed in the several Naval Depart- Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with " ments therein mentioned, and in the bullness of Prize the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the " Agency, and to report such Observations as shall occur Amendments were once read throughout; and then a " to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally " Abuses; and for the belter conducting and managing the pat thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

" business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, " in future."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the dock.

Veneris, 13° die

Anno 43" Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1803.

E' | to amend

Ldcns

fitted.

Pr

Ordered, That the BiJ], with the Amendments, be in-groflccl.

A Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London Coal London, for the lale of Coals, for defining the dimensions Marke* ®‘II»

of the different Coal Measures, and for preventing Frauds committe and Irnpolltions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William 1

Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s,

Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Pro- Petition prietors of the Coal Exchange in the City of London, ^red^’and which was presented to the House upon Friday lad, and Counsel then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read, ordered.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners,

ayer s.

be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before

A BILL to enlarge the powers of, and explain and the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of Ordered, That it be an to the said Com-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, pav- mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the " ing, clean ling, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise fame time, in favour of the said against the said

" improving, and keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares, Petition.

" and other public Passages and Places, which are, and Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee " shall be made, upon certain pieces or plots of Ground have voices.

" in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Mid-

" dlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Heverftam

" Baronels Southamptonand for including therein certain mons. Modes, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Inclosure Bill,

other small plots of ground in the said Parish therein de- Heversham, in the County of Wwas read a second commItted, scribed, was read a second time. time. !

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James

Vnt ‘ ,

VOL Jo* | * __

408

13° M

A. 1803.

Graham, Sir Michael Le Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

>eking End xid Bill, ported.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, palfed in the 28th year of King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present

mon or Moor, called Yeadon and other Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Yeadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York:And the fame was received; and read the first

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the India Planters, consigning pro- Petition of Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near duce to the Port of Bristol, whose names are thereunto fub-Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, scribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking against Bristol through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Pala- notice of the Bill for improving, and rendering more com- Harbour Bilk

tine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee modious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol; and setting

forth, That the execution of the plan will be found highly injurious to their interests, as the Planters can in no wife become partakers of any of the advantages that may arise from the proposed alterations of that Harbour, but, on the contrary, their property will become liable to increased depredations and plunder, which they fear this plan will afford the means of carrying on to the most daring and had examined tlje Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire.sted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deli-veied the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-

pi

ft

ret’

ft

IT.:!

K

of

t

ft

of;

HI

tJI

i-ii

t:c

out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the alarming extent: And therefore praying. That they may be

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bradford Routis Bill, reported.

heard, by themselves, or counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects the interests of the West India Planters; and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

A Petition <rf certain Proprietors of the River Avon, Petition of from the City of Bath to Mills, near Bristol, on

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom behalf of themselves and others, interested therein, wasalfo Avon against the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice the powers of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the trade on the George the Second, and the 21ft year of His present Ma- Petitioners said Navigation will be considerably impeded jesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft end of Yoller and lefl’encd, if not wholly loft, and the charge and expence Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of thereof increased, if the fame should pass into a Law; and York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County that the said Bill contains divers clauses, regulations, and of Lancaster, and from a place called The Two Laws, to restrictions, highly detrimental to the Petitioners; And Kigh/ey, in the said County of York, was committed; That therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of and found the same to be true; and that the Committee the said Bill as affect them; and that the fame may not pass

into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, wrhich they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

referred to the confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

reported.

it

Lands, lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rujhain the County of Wilts, was committed;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the 1 Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout •, and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

G»nton, &c. Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to j ^rt*er> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

pre 6 * Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds,

within the Townships of Gattton and Potter Brompton, in the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of in the

Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of examined, said, That great advantages will arise to the

York: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Yeadon Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

incioiure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Corn-

trade, commerce, navigation, and prosperity of this Kingdom, if a Company should be established, under proper regulations, for supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and that such a measure will tend materially to reduce the expences of the opulent and middle clafies of society, and 1 particularly

P

C!; 5i:; !:n

I:.1;

ll x\

1

ft!

T:

k

r *\i

'jftVr 10>

c

Rufliall Mr. Joftjua Smith reported from the Committee, to A Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier and Quay Torquay Pi«

"acB'n’ whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of an^it,1*t

~ Devon, and for establishing a Market within the Town of committed.

Torquay, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bastard,

Sir Laurence Palk, See-: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ja:r;

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Aflaflon monsand Waste Lands within the Parish of in inclosureH

the County of Norfolk, was read a second time. . commit:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Elford, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to petitioner whom the Petition of the several Peri'ons, whose names 1

are thereunto subscribed, being interested in the trade, company, commerce, navigation, and prosperity of this Kingdom, reported, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Newby, Secretary to the Marine Society 21 years, being

■ft

.1LS M.

40 9

Prtfar

Pin*

Tt/ VJ JPiU X XX 0

particularly contrilpute to the relief and comfort of the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,- Mr. Alex-Poor, by increasing the quantity of wholesome food, and under produced to Your Committee, copy of notices

reducing the price of provisions in general.—And being given at the lait General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, further examined, said. That other very great advantages holden for the County of at Renfrewalfo, a news-

may be produced to the country, by giving encourage- paper, called The Greenock Advertfer; or, Clyde and Ren-nent and employment, in time of peace, to many ufefuJ Chronicle, of 25th and 2odi days of March, and

and valuable teamen, and by bringing up, and training to ill April Iaft, by which it appeared, that, in pursuance of the lea service, and in habits of industry, great numbers leave granted by the House on the x 6th day of March lad, of boys and distressed objects, who present themselves that notices have been given of application having been during the period of peace in different parts of the Metro- made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for explain-polis, and who, for want of employment, become destitute ing, altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers of an of support.—Then, . Act, passed in the 15th year of the reign of His present

Mr. T’homasHozoel, a Merchant of the City of London, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending the Duty of

Pa:

Pr;-r< a & 1 At-. D:L

being examined, confirmed the evidence of Mr. Newby.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Successors, by the name of " The Fishing Company," for more effectually Applying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their establishment: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Blackburn of Newport, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

G*le

E!c&ion,

determined.

Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth part of a Penny sterling, ‘ payable on every pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of PortGlasgow, and the privileges thereof,

: over the Town of Newark-, for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Nezvark with fre water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said two Towns; for erecting public Markets therein; for repairing and keeping in repair the Bread: and Er.ft and Weft Quays of the Harbour of Port and

other purposes therein mentioned;" for erecting a

Sir George Cornewall, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition new Court House and Prison, and other necessary public of John Charlton Kinchav.t,of Park Hall, in the County of Buildings within the limits of the said Towns, and for

Salop, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and re- other purposes, in suchand the like manner as are required turn for the Borough of Bifxp’s Castle, in the said County, to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative informed the House, to Paving Bills.

That the said Committee have determined. The House was moved. That the Report which, upon

Thar William Clive, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess the nth day of March last, was made from the Committee, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: to whom the former Petition of the said several Persons

And also, that the said Committee have determined, was referred, might be again read.

That John Robinson, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess And the same being read accordingly;

~ ’ Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered.

explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers of an

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And also, that the said Committee have determined.

to be frivolous and vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

That the said Petition did appear to the said Committee Act, passed in the 15th year of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with water; to paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of Port Glas-, , Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to S°f> and erecting a new Court House and Prison, and

25SEiI'’ Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the other necessary public Buildings in the said Towns: And Opeh and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Mr. Boyd Alexander and Mr. McDowalI do prepare, failures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands anc* knng in> &me* and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetifbury, in the County of Dorset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

irsddtn An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton, was read the third time.

Rejohed, Tint the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton,

Ordered, That Air. Cartzvright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dciire their concurrence.

Mr. Hozvard presented to the House, according to Or- Arundel der, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improv- preffntfd!' ing, the Road leading from the High Street, in the Town of Arundel, to the junction of the and Pulborough

Roads, and from thence to join the' present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mirklua’s

ftvorteKJi,

rod.

Tuition p*ct, ng ■Wtrs for

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ati Act to difl'olve the Marriage of the Reverend George Markham,

Dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton, his now wife, __________

and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes pursuant to their Orders, therein mentioned, was read the first time. ‘ - .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Baillies

-Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire presented to the House, Hatton according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- I"^"er5BjU' closing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, ih e

Township of Hatton, in the Parish of , in the,

County Palatine of Chester t And the fame was received; ,

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed that Mr. Catherwood,. from Accounts the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to tons and silks,

presenteef.

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton Goods printed in this Country, from 179010 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of printed Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; Pu~Ghigoiv a|id Trustees of the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, distinguishing each year; And also,

*rk ‘n r^e County of Renfrew, was referred. An Account of the Amount of Drawbacks upon printed

rfporitd.C' Mr. Boyd Alexander accordingly reported from the said Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 Committee, That the Committee had examined the matter inclusive; distinguishing each year: And also.

of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported so the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 58.

An Account of the Amount of all Duties of E paid on printed and stained Silks, for the year ending 5th day of January 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles wefe read.

5 M Ordered,

li.L.A.

410

13° Mail.

A. 1803.

1ppendix9

<o- 33*)

tition of infers of ex ford.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Town and vicinity of Wexford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Tanning Trade of Ireland is now in such an alarming state of decline, on account of restrictions laid upon it by the existing Excise Laws of Ireland, that the Petitioners must, with many others similarly circum-stanced, be altogether ruined, if the House do not inter-pose some remedial arrangements; and that the present

Kingdom, have, in various instances, suffered great distress and hardship on account of the crowded state of the vessels, the want of a sufficient (lock of provisions, water, and other necessaries for the voyage, and in various other respects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to regulate the vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to foreign parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be

Duty is raised not upon the quantity of leather tanned, inted for’ the Members of the House.

Knf nrvrtn mimner nr rnhir tort mnLlinm in Mrh r

but upon the number of cubic feet contained in each vat in which the process of Tanning is carried on; and, so great is the disproportion between the old and present method, that the annual amount of the Duty now paid on the cubic feet exceeds, by very near two-thirds, the Excise paid on the stock taken up in that course of time by the

The laid Report, and Appendix, are inserted in the

Appendix to this volume'. (No* 5Zt)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeori resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sllg'[liBullia the Bill to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the

late regulation: And therefore praying the House to make 6th and h r> and in the ?th and 8th year of the reign

ndemnity

Bill,

>relented.

('Naval

such reduction of their burthens as may place them upon fair and equal terms of trade with the EngHfh Tanner, so far as the nature of the charge by the cubic foot will admit of.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the Iloufe, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have

of King William the Third, as relate to the exportation of Silver Bullion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhov.fe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they

been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution cer-StoresV&c.) tain Orders of Council for the prevention of the Expor- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tadon of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway: the House will please to receive the same.

Chester

Pavings &c. JBiil, passed.

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, alter, and enlarge, the powers of an Act, passed in the 2d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regu-" lating the Poor, maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting,

" paving, and clcaniing, the Streets, Rows, and Passages, " providing Fire-engines and Firemen, and regulating " the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Por-" ters, within the City of Chesterf' so far as the fame relates to maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within the said City, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within, and for better regulating and improving the Police of, the said City, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the second year of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to maintaining a nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeoi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of deferred;

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an " Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain " Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof;

" and for making effectual provision for the better collec-" tion of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Militia ing of the ingrossed Bill for consolidating and amending ’

the several Laws for providing relief for the Families of Militia-men, when called out into adkual Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause. was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing, That, in the Borough of

Passages, within the City of Chester, and for preventing n ’ u‘, ' ’ A T, k -a \ T K Tf

• rb ’ , l c. . -p, ,,j x> r Ely mouth, the allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer ot

jiuilances and annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Pal- nnmnrnt- r t. J

sages, within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof.

Ordered, That General Grosvenor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Kirfr Report ' Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to

on Survt.y of whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and Central o^Scotkcd!*" Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the autumn of 1802, was referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations and the Corporation of the Poor.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 37. After "thereof," to insert " or by some " other Justices of the same County, " Riding, Division, or Place."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was

Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House; amended at the Table accordingly.

That the Committee had made a progress in the matters Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

to them referred; and had directed him to make a report An Act for consolidating, and amending, the several Laws thereof, together with several Resolutions thereupon, to for providing relief for the Families of the Militia-men of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and England, when called out into actual Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That persons emigrating from different parts of the Uni.ted

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, ^otlnn!1:_. That this House will, at the rising of the House this day, Adlourn^,1 adjourn till Tommorrow Morning'. withdrawn.'

And

Gpool<

43 Geo. III.

13—16°

411

And the withdrawn.

said Motion was> with leave of the House,

Adjournment.

feveraJJy put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in per-lonal Actions, in more beneficial; and also to pre-

CoDimiftff on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to vent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal lb *■ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon much of an Act> palfed in the Parliament of Ireland in 1 ’ the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of the relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of

Refolded, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

: h'ti:

(X

, test* M

■ IL

Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, be now read; And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the w time for Trials by Nift Prins in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of Ex-" chequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

lave of Abfffnce.

Dorfctand Somerset Canal Bill, printed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Workfon thereqnto; which they had directed him to report, when the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, r^fure£ th* Hnnfi* wiH nlealh tn rer/»iv/» rlip fam<» and ajj othej- t}je open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds,

within the Parish of in the County of Notting-

ham, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 24. 1. 23. To leave out "

the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorp have leave of absence for ten days, on account of the death of a near relation.

Mr. Burland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further sum of money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and main

directed by the said recited Act," and insert " hereinbefore mentioned and directed, with respect to the application of the money arising from the sale of the other part of the fame Commons."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put

, fr-Tie Lord* yfy- 1 iaye passed

1 ltymoke’s BfiaieM.

taining the said Navigation: And the fame was received; thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was

amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr* Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veiling, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parities of Great Hale, otherwise Great Hall, otherwise Great Hole and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, part of the settled Estates of the

Court,

failed.

The Other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for continuing the Worcester term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, Honourable LezvisDymoke, in Trustees, upon trust to fell, made in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, deferred,

and for laying out the monies arising from such lale in the for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the Road from the City of Worcester, through to

same uses as the Lands so to be sold; to which the Lords Spadefbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the desire the concurrence of this House. County of and other Roads therein mentioned.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew. be read the third time upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- SuPPb> Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- delerred* ing of the ingossed Bill, to render the process of His fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas; and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Ways and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in that part of the United solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and also to pre- fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply e ’ vent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so granted to His Majesty.

much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21ft and aid years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for k‘ Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the process of the Court of Exchequer " more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; ’viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 7. After " Plaintiff," to insert or his At-" torney, or the Attorney employed for

And then the Hotife adjourned till Monday Morning flext. Ten of the clock.

LiUiice \ 16° die Maii;

Anno 43® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

Pit a v £ R Si

MR. Barrie, from the Select Committee appointed to Cfeence/fer try and determine the merits of the Petition Gf Election, de-

1. 8.

or

his

1.

19.

" the Durpose of having the process Robert Sand ford, Esquire* and other Inhabitant House-- - - holders legally settled in the Borough of in the County of Glotrcester, having a right to vote at the election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on behalf of themselves and others, complaining of an undue else&ion and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Sir Robert PreJitn, Baronet, is duly efe&ed a Bur-

gefs

termined*

" personally served.

After " affidavit," to leave out " Attorney shall certify."

To leave out from " affidavit" to the second " the," in 1. 20.

1. 24. To leave out " certificate or."

1. 25. To leave out " as the case may be." _ And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Vql. |8.

412

16° Maii.

A. 1803.

i rad ford Pav-lg Bill, relented.

Cocking End Road Bill, passed.

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough i

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Henry Lafcelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and improving, the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuitances therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 28th year of King George the jSeccnd, and the 21ft year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the Weft Hiding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-full year of I iis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Ki/dwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bradford

Roads Bill, patted.

dows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Village of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition j and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 150 acres of land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of 168 acres, who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 2,962 acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which 1

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, Aihi-mrton, and of the Neighourhood, was presented to the House, against E\et« and read; taking notice of the Bill for more effectual ly RoadsBi"' repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and Coimtefs Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto; and letting forth,* That the said Bill contains a clause for imposing an additional Toll On the Western Gates, which the Petitioners con-will be a measure in itself perfectly unjust, and

tc

to 1

hi

lit:

ini

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering ceive and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 28th highly injurious to their rights and interests: And there-year of King George the Second, and the 21ft year of His fore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their

Si:..

V.

r:-..

r...

present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-first year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

M-iby Bridge An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, J ill, passed. jm Act, passed in the 31ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to

counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending the powers of an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His pre- dofur* a-:, sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting,

" and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Wastes,

" and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within " the Parish of Croydon, in the County of ," was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

palfcis

In:

hi

-\J0i

■uj

sCi;

■IF

the opposite fbore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the be, An Act for altering and amending the powers of an

Burton Lat-timcr Inclosure Bill, reported.

East Riding of the same County, was read the third time Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Hiding of the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Die kins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Mea-

Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allot-" ting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, " Common Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, " Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, " within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey." Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

LonH to C«),|ca>

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or Ral;^| from near a place called Pit lake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of

'if

H

43 Geo. III.

16° Maii.

413

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Pr. 15. 1. 29. Leave out from "Railway," to "where- mittee. That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the *'■' ~ fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against: the said Petition.

, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

of Surrey, with a collateral Branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merftham in the Parish of Merchant, to or near to a place called Green, in the

Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

viz

Pr. 141. J. 13.

to

" as," in Pr. 18. 1. 25.

Leave out from " undertaking"

" And," in Pr. 143. 1. 7.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Willir.rn Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr* I:. -A: '

Pfiart Harbour Bill, Deported.

A Bill for enlarging the term, and altering the powers, Bury and of two Acts, made in the 28th year of the reign of King Stratton^ George the Second, and in the 19th year of the reign of His committed, present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Henry Fellowes, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in

Sir James St. Clair Erskine reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Sinclair town-, and also, the Petition of

the Burgesses and Inhabitants of "Dyfart, were severally the Speaker’s Chamber, referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions} and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to and found the same to be true; and that the Committee whom the Bill for making better provision for the Parochial had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- School masters, and for making further Regulations for the ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report better government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland, was

Scotch Schoolmaster Bill, reportec

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

PortGIafgow and Newark hving, &c.

Bill,

pre&nted.

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

in-

' one, aiiUj upt/u Lixt. x^uwui

Mr. Boyd AlcxandcY presenteu to the House, Recording to were si^recd to by the House-

Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be powers of an Act, passed in the i 5 th year of the reign of grofled.

His present Majesty, lb far as relates to supplying the In- 5 Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon habitants of Port G/aftow and Newark with water; to Wednesday next.

paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; i

and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of x j ^ , r,

TmGkftwi i£d for ereftini a new Court House and , Lord reported from the w.h;P.

Prison, and other necessary public Buildings, in the said Committee to whom the Bill for dividing allotting and

9 J 1 . - _ _ tnHnbnnr thA I I rtmmnMtik I atiHr n n.l \A/

Fatersham Roads Bill, Feinted.

Towns: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Town of Faverftiam, to the Town and Port of Hythe,

inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of in the Parish of

Tidefivell, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

and from Bacons Water to Holy Lane, in Wine heap, near Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And the lame was received; and read the first time. s

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Petition of Gjamission. to for Sheer-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, ^"SBilfto ^ornrn'flioners appointed by virtue of the Ad herein after part of recited, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for building a

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And notice being taken, That His Majesty’s interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. William Dundas (by His Majesty’s command) ac

Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County painted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-

of Kent, and for other purposes therein mentioned, as *0Jec* of the purport of the said Bill,; gives His consent, authorizes the Commissioners, or any person or persons as ^ar as His Majesty s interest is concerned, that the House therein named, to take or carry away any gravel, stones, ma^ ^,° as they shall think fit.

ballast, sand, or other materials, from the sea beach, be- * *K" 4

King’s sent to Ditto Bill.

longing to William Alfton, Lord of the Manor of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, within or near the limits to which the regulations of the said Act extend, Without paying any thing for the fame; and setting forth. That :c - r' n'"n *1 T

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, grofled.

be

m-

if the said Bill fhiould pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will be of great prejudice to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their coun-

fcl, . - - - ~ - ......

ie ...

Vol. 58,

Petition of Man u the-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose name*are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, being Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth in the Towns of pen^m Chippenham, Melhsham, and Beckington, was presented to against the House^and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting w°°*len Ma lei, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect the Woollen Manufacture; and setting forth, That if the Bill Urer* taenu fame should pass into a Law, it would be very prejudicial

5N , to

414

16" Mail

A. 1803.

Petition of

to them, and to the trade at large: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and.

wiksierS °nft unto fabscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, being upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

i s, agai prrmlnvpH in tHp mrmnfi^Vnrinor nf in the Hv the Hrmfe*

>Bill." Clothiers employed in the manufacturing of Cloth, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That it leeks, in the most comprehensive manner, to repeal almost the whole of the exilling code of Laws respecting the Manufacture of Woollen Cloths, without offering a single substitute, alteration, or amendment: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, grossed.

with the Amendments, be in-

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Sandoo Roai and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 2d k‘ll> and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from

counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as more imme- in the County of Stafford, to Bullock , in the County

diately affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the said Committee,

of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wet ley Rocks, to Team, in the said County of

Stafford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repair-

Petition of Pean, &c. of Bristol, against Bristol Harbour Bill.

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in ing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of

Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral from Wetley , to Tean, in the said County of Stafford. Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol, was Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry presented to the House, and read •, taking notice of the the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of BriJloT, and setting forth. That the fame contains various powers and provisions, which, if passed into a Law without being materially altered and modified, may very greatly tend to the injury, if not ivholly destroy, the rights of the said Dean and Chapter: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by counsel, against the said Bill, or such of the provisions therein contained, as are injurious to their rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Dymoke;» veiling, subject to the approbation of the High Court of read!' Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Great Hale, otherwise Great Hall, otherwise Great Hole and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon trull to fell, and for laying out the monies arising from such sale in the purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same uses as the Lands lb to be sold, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to County

mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fame resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

I;

Hart (hill and

i Anfley Inclo-!i sure Bill,

I' committed.

ii

time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartshill and Anjley, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Anjley, in the County of Warwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Mills, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Bill for remedying certain defeats in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Kinwarton

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Worceft«r*a4 of the ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Roads*Bill, and enlarging the powers, of an Act, made in the 33d year of pa/Tcd* the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually Mr. Willett presented to the House, according to Order, amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City

■ *resentedfor confirming and establishing the division, allot- of Worcester, through Droitzvich, to Spadefbourne Bridge,

pro e e . ment> ancj inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, within the J’arish of in the County of Wvcester.

Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kinwarton, in the County of Warwick, and for making compensation to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Severn Towing Path Bill, presented.

Dagenham Church Bill, reported.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge, in the County of Worccfcto the Deep Water at

Diglis, below the City of WorcesterAnd the fame was re-

ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was committed j That the Committee had examined' the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him- to report to the

and other Roads therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 16. To leave out <c according to the division thereof," and insert " in manner" rnllead thereof.

After " and " to insert " be it further " Enacted."

Pr. 10. 1. 17. After " the" to insert " said j" and to leave out " to be."

1. 24. To leave out " the" and insert «any," instead thereof.

& 28.} ^eave ou* " to be respectively."

Pr. 11. 1. 12. To leave out " this Act and."

1. 36* After " cattle," to inlert " before such " carriage, horse, beast, or other cattle." I. ult. After " as " to insert " is or."

Pr. 13. 1. 6. To leave out" notes," and insert« note," inllead thereof} and to leave out

* tickets,"

I:

b

b

b

hi

MV

Pr. 7. 1. 24.

• so:-

' b

V.

Si

43 Geo. III.

16° Mail.

415

L’:n' TJi-

Pr. 13

Pf. f4-

]. 36.

1. 37-

5-

6.

Pr. 15.

1. 11. 1. 16.

1. it.

I. 23. 1- 33-

Fr. 17

1.17. I. 29.

1. 30. 1. ai.

* tickets," and iftfert " ticket," in* stead thereof.

After " the" to insert " saidaftd after " Toll" to insert," or Tolls"

To leave Out " either," and insert "any/* instead thereof.

After " Toll" to insert * or Tolls."

To leave out from the beginning of the line to " shall," in line 10; and to leave out " afterwards."

To leave out " any time" and insert " all times," instead thereof.

After " Districts " to insert " upon pay-* ment only of half the Toll or Tolls " paid by such person or persons oft " the said and

* District."

To leave out " also" and insert * shall," instead thereof.

To leave out. " shall."

To leave out " only."

Pr. 16. 1. 16. To leave out * the said " and insert " such," instead thereof.

To leave out " other."

To leave out " said ;" and to leave out " other."

To leave out " and not otherwise."

To leave out from the beginning of the line to " And" in Pr. 18.1.13. and to insert * nothing herein contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend, so " as to defeat, alter, lessen, or preju-* dice any security or securities for any " sum or turns of money already bor-* rowed on the credit of the Tolls col-" ledted on the said Roads, but all and " every such security orfecurities shall " be as good, valid, and effectual, as * if this AdV had not been made, and the several Tolls arising from all the " Roads in the said four several Dise " tridls shall be as heretofore, and remain a security to all and every . " the Mortgagee and Mortgagees, and other Persons, to whom any sum or " sums of money, before the passing of " this Act, was due and owing on the * security of the said Tolls, for such u Debts and sums of money, and the " interest due and to grow due there*

* on," instead thereof.

Pr. 18. L 21. After " and" to insert " no meeting of * the said Trustees;" and to leave out " not."

To leave out " June" and insert " July," instead thereof.

To leave out grossly."

After " reserved " to insert " as may be " in arrear or unpaid."

Pr. 27. 1, 19. After " exceed" to insert " or be equal " to."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effect ually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of through Droitwick, to Spadejb within the Pa-

nfh of Bromsgrove, in the County of and other

lloads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Dichns do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

SeftitoWL Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preserving^the Peace, and securing

Vol. 58.

the freedom of Electioft, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glargo* for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in Roads Bl 1 the fourteenth and thirty-second years of His present Majesty’s reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City Qf Glasgow to Yoker a id the

Road of communication between the fame and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lbrds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for con- The Lords firming and establishing an Exchange between the Right honourable Hugh Seymour Cowway, deceased, commonly Seymour! called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John William Er.ate Bill.

Horn, Betty Gay, John Fofter, Francis Fofter, and George Fofter, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, in Exchange of all the Limitations and Estates created by the will of Thomas Band, Gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right honout'-able George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Eufton, the Right honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord George Seymour, and Thomas Ashtton Smith, Esqulre, their Heirs, and Assigni, upon the fr lifts declared t hereof by a certain Indenture of Rdeafe, all the pieces of parcels of Land and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to, and, to the use of, the said I ord Hugh Seymour, uport the said Exchange; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Indemnity

Bill,

committed*

Pr.

Pr.

20.

*3-

I.28.

1. to. 1* 20.

Ordered, That the Order of the day; for the second reading of the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain (NaVai storw, Orders of Council for the prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Barham have leave of absence for a leave of fortnight, on account of the illness of a near relation. Absence.

Mr. St. Andreev St. John presented to the House, ac- Keyfo* cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, p "n c ' in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Soldier*, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Rellcf Rill». Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the relief of AmeMmcnu. Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 1

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1

After " Soldiers" insert " and Marines." After " settlement " insert " in England." After " Soldier " infeyt " or Marine." After * Vessel" insert "belonging to * His Majesty’s Navy."

Leave out from " hand " to " dating," in 1. 37.

Leave out " apprehended‘as or."

Leave put " apprehended as or."

Add Clause (A.)

Clavsk (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That Cer* " tificates or Passes, granted as here* " tofore from the Office of Admiralty " or War Office, to discharged Sailprs

" Soldrcis,

Pr.

Pr.

2.

3-

1.

L 4. 1.27. 1.29.

L36.

! 7-1.13.

416

16° Man.

c<

Soldiers, or Marines, or to the far rnilies of Sailors, Soldiers, or Marines, serving abroad, or lately deceased, to

A. 1803,

cc

" hereinbefore mentioned.

In the Title,

Leave out the first " and;" and after " Sailors" insert " and Marines."

1. 3. After " Wives" insert " or Widows." Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further coosideration Tommorrow.

House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

« , , R.

" SaU haw the^lVC n H'S MajestJ dllnks ProPer to acquaint the House of mall have the lame effect and force Commons, that the Discussions which He announced to

Hr lCnr aS Purposes what- in His Message of the 8th of March lad, as then

theuCer.tlhcates herein per- subsisting between His Majesty and the French Govern-mitted to be given by the Magis- ment, have been terminated; that the conduct of the trates as aforesaid; and that the French Government has obliged His Majesty to recal Mis terms of the fame may be extended, Ambassador fro pa , and that the Ambaflader from

m each instance which shall appear the French Republic has left London. to require it, by a new Certificate His Majesty has given directions for laying before the from another Magistrate, in manner House of Commons, with as ‘little delay as possible, Copies of such Papers, as will afford the fullest Information to His Parliament at this important conjundure.

It is a consolation to His Majesty to refled, that no endeavours have been wanting, on His part, to preserve to His Subjects the blessings of Peace; but, under the circumstances which have occurred to disappoint His just expedations. His Majesty relies with confidence on the zeal and public spirit of. His faithful Commons, and; on rtdwarionof Order of the day being read, for resuming the ad- the exertions of His brave and loyal Subjects, to support Special Report journed consideration of the Report which was made from Him in His determination to employ the Power and Re-from ilchester the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the l'ources of the Nation, in opposing the spirit of ambition Committee merits of the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, and incroachment which at present actuates the Councils

deferred. ’ complaining of an undue election and return for the Bo- of France, in upholding the Dignity of His Crown, and in

1

■m 3K'I

t!:

0! i

1. 2>«

Silver Bullion Bill, reported.

rough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset;

Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the 6th and 7th year, and in the 7th and 8th year of the reign of King William the Third, as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion, was committed.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had^made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

asserting and maintaining the Rights and Interests of His People. G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Message be taken into consideration upon this day sevennight.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committeeo* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious ingtoMer-Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of ^n|t0‘1l1eTrailf'-November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans- deferred, actions all the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the security of the public Revenue;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of fundrv Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, petition for Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, fo" support of

A7;

ii:!i

1:

V.

vs

(k.

d

‘Llv

~ — J 1 was preienieu IU me uuuic, aim n-cua , idling, wun, for Supportot

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to y^at, ;n pUrfUance of the Plan stated to the House in a the veterinary

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

morrow.

Committee on Medicine Duty Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 4^d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act,

" passed in the 25th year of the reign of His present Ma- ance ^ wjv>__________

" jesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, Majesty’s recommendation before the latest day appointed * and for charging other Duties; in lieu thereof; and for by the House for receiving Private Petitions had elapsed: making effectual provision for the better collection of therefore praying, That leave may be given to ex*

/n /wn % or Aiif t'OO 1 ' . 'll . * C 1.1 ^ 1-___ J

Petition by them presented on the 6th of February 1793, CoUege-their exertions have been continued to carry into effect the several beneficial purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment: and that, under the heavy pressure of debt, of which an Account is before the House, without further Aid from Parliament, it wilfbe impossible to bring to perfection an Establishment, which, from the advantages accruing from the more skilful care of so important a branch of public property, as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an object of National import-and that the Petitioners were unable to obtain His

Reported.

Bill ordered.

the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leayegivw-

King'* Mef- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, ^n«UtiV£t° That he had a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the 1%

hibit a Petition for the purpose above-mentioned.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir-circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and pre" others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made. That leave be given to bring in Motion fer* a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act compwjr* for regulating the manner in which the United Com- shiPs^llDe.rr pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies j^.01 shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service."

Ordered,

417'

Jill ro amend the Uws relating to Spirits Persons, dfietred.

Committee on

Frivolous Ar-rttts Bill.

Mruftion.

Kent Gaol ad County Kate; Bill, wportni.

?rr-

e

n

t

5

,1

3

ierrtd.

*7’ and

Ss,

Netted.

r;

6V*

43 Geo. III. 16°—17° Mali.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of. that Motion.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for taking into further consideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases j

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to extend the provisions of the said Bill to Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker It ft the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Eilifon reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 9th year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western " Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient u piece of ground for building a Gaol for the said County,

" and for empowering the said Justices to apply part of " the County Stock of the said Division towards the " fame," and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the Lid County to hold a yearly General Sessions of the Peace, for the purpose of examining, puffing, and allowing the Accounts of the Treasurers of the two Divisions of the said County; and for the better regulation and payment of the public expences of the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition ot several Persons, "'hole names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Etlates in the YVcflem Division of the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee hail heard

counsel in behalf of the said Petition, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s '1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the } joule.

OrJercdy That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gvolied.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ne^t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the^clock.

Vox,. 58.

Mentis, IT die

Anno, 43° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803;

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose names petition of are thereunto subscribed, being Persons resident in ^lubitant^ the Town and Neighbourhood of Cwas presented Exete to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for more Roads Bill, effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair,

Exe Bridge, and Conntefs Wear Bridge, and the Roads lead-

ing thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto; and setting forth, That there are several clauses and provisions in the said Bill, and particularly a clause for imposing an additional Toll on the Western Gates, which, if puffed into a Law as they now stand, will be highly prejudicial to the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their

counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as j

affect their rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com- i

mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, j

their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. .1

Mr. IVi!her force presented to the House, according to Potter Newioa' Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- ed.BU1\ mons and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Bolter Newlon-cv.m-Gibton, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 4id year of BUI to amend His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, it"*

" allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common Open committed/

" Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands,

" within the Township of Mick/eton, and Parish of " maldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of

and for making compensation for the Tythes, and all payments in lieu of Tythes, within the said Township of Mickleton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s 1

Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Cant-on.A-c. Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds, lucloiure Bill, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter in comtmtte<1-

the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of Rinnington, in the Parish of Wilier by, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Proceeding* the 9th day of this instant May, was made from the porton Peti-* Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, tions of Mer- ] whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants of Yori^and 1 j and Manufacturers concerned in the Woollen Manufac* Halifax. \ ture in the County of York; and also, the Petition of rhe

Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the

Woollen Trade in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, were severally referred, might be again i

read. , 1

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill respecting

the Woollen Manufacture is committed. -

5 O Ordered,:

418

17° Man.

A. 1803.

and from the said City to the Assembly House in Park Gate, in the Township of Great Nejion, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid, to the said

tifoury lofure Bill, imitted.

" Woodfule Ferry; and from the Road leading from the " City of Chester, to Park Gale aforesaid, to the Road lead-

" ing from the same City, to the said Woods.de Ferry," was read:—And,

Mr. Richard Barker, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable lums of money on

lmifton closure Bill, cfeiUeri.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, for extending to the County of York, the provisions thereof, so far as respects the repeal of the Statute of Elizabeth, concerning Apprentices in the Woollen Trade, according to the said Report.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetisbury, in the County the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain of Dorset, was read a second time. due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Fre- amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said derick.Lord William Russell,&c.: And they are to meet Act is continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Chamber. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order, Act, passed in the 27th year of the reign of His present a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ——

Downs, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or District, of Kihnijion, in the County of Southampton: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

to the Woodside Ferry, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Eger ton and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jnrofs oails Bill, ported.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, lev oral Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Manor of A'jton, other*;ie Ajlo-i Mcvr, and Garragill, in the Parish of Aiijion, and County of Cumberland, is committed.

Voices to CVmniilL A1 lion

InclosurcBiil.

c£ on

General Clcphane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and at or near Ferry, from the Pardh ot WreJ'el

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Derwent whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Der- ’

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second

to the opposite shore in the Parish of Heyningbrov.fi, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards

thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

vhrlcham’s divorce Bill, ommitted.

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to grossed. dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend George Markham,

Dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-night, the 25th day of this instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill, if the parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel, or produce witnesses.

Chestec Roads

IVtition,

reported.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Liber of the Black Royal Assent Rod: 10 Bllls-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty*s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Act> agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House ot Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of Ills Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Allent to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned;

and also

empowering

His Royal Highness the Prince oi

Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke ot Cumber-

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;, land. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal

and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His lloyal Highness the Duke ot Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lari of Rofslyn, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did

said

ne

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 27th year of the reign of His present Ma- accordingly declare and notify the Royal Atfent to th jesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

* Roads from the City of Chester, to the Woodjide Feiry, in An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth dav of Sep-

" the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester, tember one thousand eight hundred and four, lev era! Acts

Goc [e

oi

43 Geo. III.

17°

419

of Parliament for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein:

An Act to amend and continue, until three months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall ccafe, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cafii by the Bank of Ireland: An Act to continue,' until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting Plantation Sugar to

be warehoused;and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing Plantation

Sugar to be warehoused:

An Act for enlarging the period for the Payment of part of certain fun\s of Money, advanced byway of Loan to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the lllands of Grenada and Saint Vincent:

An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom ot Eiedtion, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving, the Borough of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removingnuifances and annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Bead; Markets within more convenient parts of the said Borough:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the 1 own of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a collateral Branch from the said Railway at or near a place called Merflkam, in the Parish of Merflham, to or near to a place called t\odjtvne Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the public Conduits, and other Waterworks, belonging to the Town of Southampton:

An Act for enabling the Mod noble John Puke of Atholl, and his heirs, to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, and make Roads of communication thereunto:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdin-Uaen, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near a place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyjlyvuhvy, and from a place called Ccrrig~y~RhwyJzbr, to or near to Cape/ Cerrig, in the said County of Carnarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglcjiyn, in the said Counties:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third ycarsof the reign ot t iis present Majesty, for amending the Road from the.South end of Sparrow s Herne, on Bujliy Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for enlarging and altering the powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-eighth years of 11 is present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other high Roads in the County of Edinburgh:

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, in the fourteenth and thirty-iecond years of His present Majesty’s reign, for more etieftually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glufgow to Taker Bridge, and the Road of communication between the fame and ihe Canal from the Forth to the Clyde:

An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of the fright honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, Chrfer, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustees, Vol. 58.

to be sold, and for laying out the Monies toarife by such Sale in the purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the fame ul'cs, and subject to the fame Rest rift ions:

An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in trust, named in the will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George-in-the-Raft, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain ground at or near Church Lane, in the Panih ot Saint George-in-the-East, in the County of Middlesex, devifccl to him by the fame will, and to fell and pull down an ancient Messuage, (landing on part of the said ground, and to apply the monies to arise by such sale upon the trusts of the said will:

An Act for vesting, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Estate settled to the use of George Jackson, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their lives, and the life of the Survivor, with divers remainders over, in George Bain, and his Heirs, in trust, for the said George Jackson, and his Heirs, and for substituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Failures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other unincloscd Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjhy, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Drorfeld, in the County of Derby:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and incioling, the Commons " and Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in u the Parish of Prejhvich-cum-Oldham, in the County Pa-" latine of Lancaster

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyarn, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sibfon, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other YVafle Lands, situate within the Manor of Bcamish, otherwise Beami/h Park, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, and County of Durham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pallure, called The Cow Close, in the Township of Barningham, in the North Riding of the County of York: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and Ragnall, and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham;

An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrozv, in the County of Middlesex: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within that part of the Parish of Chickeriil, otherwise West Chickerill, which lies within the Tything of Weft Chickerill, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severaltyf and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Failure, Common Down, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called King's Heath, within the Tything of Blagrave, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows,

Commons,

420

1T‘ Mail.

A. 1803.

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed in the County of Bedford: him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

mons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boult-ham, otherwise Bolt ham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Haujlop, otherwise , in the County of

Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton in the County of Bedford:

An Act for naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel riere de Sevcry:

An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Gall:

An Act for naturalizing Maurice de

Petition of A Petition of John Simpson, late Mayor of the Borough

°'b dif'*r°n Great Grimsby, in the County of was presented

;h;irire(j from to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner uitody. is now confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, for having incurred the displeasure of the House for what he did as Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough at the lad election, and that the Petitioner is now in an indifferent date of health, occasioned by his laid confinement, and begs to repeat his former act'urances respecting his property, and again to date to the House, that it does not amount to £. 200.; and that the Petitioner has five children, three tons and two daughters, the latter of whom are entirely dependent upon the Petitioner for their support and maintenance, and the former have not any means of obtaining a livelihood without the affidance of the Petitioner, than by going into service; and that the Petitioner is truly sorry that he should have lb miscondudled himself as to have incurred thedispleasure of the House, but hopes, that the House will permit him to repeat his former af-

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Reagill whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 7th year indoiure Bill, of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and in- r p°* * * closing the Open Commons in the Manor of in the County of Westmorland, and for granting other powers for

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the latis-faction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land aflelied to the Poors Rate at 17 s.6 per annum, who re-fused to sign the Bill; and also the Owner of Land assessed at 1 s.g d. per annum, who could not be met with; and also the Owner of Land assessed at 3 d. per annum, who is an Idiot; and that the whole property belonging to persons intcrelled in the Inclosure is alleifed to the Poors Rate at £. 7. 18 r. 4 { d.per annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time,

11

tic

w

hr

U:

e;

IT!

on

wel

AI

L

A:.'

L:

L

furances, that his misconduct proceeded' entirely from his one one’ and* uP,on the Question severally put there-

* unnn ncrrppn tn hv thf* Hnn 11.

ignorance, and not from any corrupt or partial motive: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleated to accept of his submission for his offence, and to order him to be brought to the Bar of the House, to be discharged from his said confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Simpson be brought to the Bar of this House Tommorrow, in order to his being discharged.

upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reported. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, VVafles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrants accord- Gf Castle in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

L.-u

a c,

cYs

Arundel 1 Roads Bill, * committed.

ingly.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the lload leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel to the junction of the Petworth and lloads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Filtleworth Common, in the County of SuJJ’ex, was read a

second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

O'

lei

Slengill Inclosure Bill, h: ported*

Mr. Hurst, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

read throughout; and then a

Amendments were

in at

once

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 19th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing the Open Wades and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of

" Wi ejltnorland,"and for granting other powers for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Report Friday lad, was made from the Committee, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of 0t Scotland, Scotland, made, determined by the command of the Riffiit honourable reicr«d wJ

•A;

on

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the of the whole

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Poors Rate at yj. io\d. who refused to sign the Bill} and also the Owners of Land assessed at 8 s. 10 | d. who were

neuter; and also the Owners of Land assessed at 55. 4 d. the said Report.

Autumn of 1802, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report' be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of

House.

v"'

who could not be met with; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 5. 15 s. id,-, and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commie tee had gone through the Bill, and made

The House accordingly resolved Committee.

it felt into the said Confided ]\

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

43 Geo. III.

17° Mali

421

Sir Rabat John Buxton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the I Ionic will pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, ported. Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the Tonnage of such VclTtls, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the Voyage.

And Sir Robert John Buxton moved the House according^- ...

fill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Velfds carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with iclfect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the Tonnage of such Vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the Voyage: And that Sir Robert John , Mr. Hawkins the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. , and Sir William Pu/ieney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

toe agreed to Jord.*

Mr. Speaker,

ColdAlhfon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^withanBl"’ ^or eonhrming and establishing the Division, Allotment, Amtadm-nt. and Inclosure, of certain Commons cailed Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and ailo of a pieceof Open Failure Land, part of the said Common, called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the county of ; with an Amend-

ment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

!• I

Silver Bullion Bill, ptfed.

a

if

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill, to amend so much of several A his, passed in the 6th and 7th year, and in the 7th and 8th year of the reign of King William the Third, as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh year, and in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third, as relate to the Exportation of Silver Bullion.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

MUefcrred The Order of the day being read, for the House to re* (Naval ’ itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the Exportation ef Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the

lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Meiers, A , consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confident ion Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, /rei'pceti made yesterday, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to E;ut India explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating 1 j " the manner in which tire United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take 1

" up Ships for their regular Service."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ..

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the.Committee, That he was dire died by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. t

Mr. Wallace accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating (

" the manner in which the United Company of Merchants " of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take:

" up Ships for their regular Service." 'j

And Mr. Wallace moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex- Bill orden plain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the manner in which the United Company of Merchants " of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take " up Ships for their regular Service And that Mr. Wallace, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Attorney General, and,

Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.;

Committee on ot King’s Speeth, 6 rekwg to

Mercantile

Taaljctionj,

iiJ‘:

(!•

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itlclt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November last, as relates to also rcling to Mercantile Trans-ablions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Hesolution; which they had directed

Vot.58.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- Bill to am ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d '

year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ^relented. " Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of " the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp " Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision " for the better collection of the said Duties And the , fame was received, and read the first time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Frivolous Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more ef- Amendm fedlual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrells and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 14. Leave out "that part," and insert " those " parts."

1. 16. After "England," insert "and Pi-. 2. 1. 4. Leave out "that part," and insert " those " parts."

After " England," insert " and Ireland."

Leave out " twenty," and insert " ten."

After " England," insert " or Ireland."

23. After " England,"insert " or

1.27. After " England," insert " or Ireland."

Pr. 5. 1. to. After " Westminster,"insert " or Dublin.'

The

Px.

Pr.

1. 6. 1. 9. 1. 16.

422

17*—18®

A. 1803.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurn, 18* die Mail;

Anno 43* Georgii III111 Regis, 1803.

And it is referred to Mr. B.ackburne of Lane a [hire, Mr.

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Hatton inclo-Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Town ship of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. r-burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

a

fc

t

liin cl; be I tw [3,1 tin1.! <fr it I

liLi

0

con:*

a

Kill In cl 6-Bill, read ;hird time.

g Preston ds Bill, >rted.

Prayers. Sir Geary reported from the Committee, to Bill torepeal

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in p^rh"ft divers Lands lying in the Open and Common Fields, the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti- paving Aa

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rujball, in the County of Wilts, was read the third time.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Friday next.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road

tuled, " An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the repotted. Isle of Skeppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering, certain Duties for the fop-porting, maintaining, and keeping in repair, the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets,

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that part of the Parish of Mi in the said Isle of Skeppy (which lieth near His Majesty’s Dock-yard and

between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Mars- " Garrison of called and

den, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn, in the Weft.

Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from to Settle, at or

near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said

" and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstruc-" tions therein," as authorizes the Commissioners, or any person or persons therein named, to take or carry away any gravel. Hones, ballast, sand, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Lord of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Pe- Manor of , in the Isle of Skeppy, in the County

tition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto of Kent, within or near the limits to which the regula-subscribed, being Land Owners, Farmers, Manufacturers, tions of the said Act extend, without paying any thing

/1 f r-\ ! \ n U m 4- r» »\ m a 4- /\ I . a C A- 1— A L . m 1 A Y* f O Iff A Z' /N I A H 1« a. D

: U

I- T'

ui

i Li:

fc-'i

LL

and Inhabitants, near to the line of the intended Turn pike Road from the Township of Marfien, in the County of Lancaster, through Gisburn ,to Long Preston, in the County of York, was referred; That no Person appeared in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House •, and he read the Report in his place; and after-terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For restraining the Trustees from erecting a gate near Holly-field Lane.

And the said. Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

tion of hiers of

for the fame, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto fob-feribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act thereinafter recited, was referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in fop-port of the said Petition, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Cottoau^ several Petitions presented to this House in this Session, petition*, relating to the Act of the 39th and 40th year of His pre- reported, sent Majesty, for settling Disputes between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, were referred; and who were empowered to report their Opi-

Y

r

’ Y,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are vafliTrefor thereunto subscribed, being Clothiers, or otherwise con- nion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had

- ’ cerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the County of examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had

Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him

notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

and letting forth, That an Act, passed in the 5th year of place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

’lfion in pllen Ma-i&urers

sc

-u

the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants " of Husbandry, and Apprentices," hath become obfo-lete, and is inapplicable to the present state of the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying, That the said Act, so far as relates to the carrvine on the several

branches of the Woollen Manufacture in the County of settling such disputes.

Where the fame was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That much inconvenience and delay have been experienced from the Parties, between whom disputes have arisen, naming the Persons who should be Arbitrators for

Lancaster, may be repealed, or that the fame may be wholly repealed with respect to the kingdom in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the coti-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it foall appear to them, to the House:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to prevent the like inconvenience and delay in future, whenever any dispute shall arise between Manufacturers and Weavers in the Cotton Manufacture, respecting matters connected with the said Manufacture, application shall be made by the party who shall think him-

ielf

determined by

__________.

Lore of Absence.

Edmnndfram kclosure Sill) ftported.

k^Hugh

fevmoiir's

Bill

nad.

In-

®iart Bill, tyrted,

43 Geo. III.

18° Mail

428

self aggrieved, to one or more Just ices of the Peace of the County or Division wherein the dispute shall ariie, who shall forthwith nominate and appoint two persons, one of whom shall be a Weaver, to settle and adjufi the matter in dispute, which persons shall forthwith, or within a time to be limited, meet and determine the fame, if they shall find that practicable; but, in the event of their failing to do so, then and in such case that they shall, within a further time to be limited, attend one or more of the said Justices of the Peace, who shall, on hearing the whole matter as it shall be dated by them, make his or their decision, which decision shall be final.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tommorrow levennight, the 26th day of this instant May.

Ordered, That Mr. "JamesB of West Looe have leave of absence for ten days, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the Taunton election.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker Steward have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of his health.

Mr. Ashiey reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waile Lands, within the Manors Of Edmondsham and Weft within the Parish of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except one person, whose property is assessed to the Land Tax at 16 s.who refused to (ign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.81. 17 s.}and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Dili, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange between the Right honourable Hugh Seymour Conway, deceased, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John Goldsmith, William Horn, Betty Gay, John Francis Fojier, and

George Fojier, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, in exchange of all the limitations and Estates created by the Will of Thomas Land, Gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Eufion, the Right honourable George commonly called Lord George Seymour, and Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquire, their Heirs, and Assigns, upon the Trusts declared thereof by a certain Indenture of Release, all the pieces or parcels of Land and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to and to the use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said exchange, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. IVilboforcc reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wades, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Town ship of S ha dwell, in the Parish of Thomer, and Weft

Riding of the County of York, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame (0 be true; and that the parties*concerned had given their

VOL.58.

consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Com- Yeadon in< mon or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste ^ure Blll> Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Yeadon, in LOinnutte ' the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lafceltes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwenf Derwent, at or near LoftJ'ome Ferry, from the Parish of BliI’ Wrefjel to the opposite shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That information shall be laid before one Justice of the Peace.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, containing the Form of Conviction.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at j

or near Loftfome Ferry, from the Parish of Wreffel to the j

opposite shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber force do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom Kirkby-cum-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and reported, other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirkby-cum-Ofgodby, in the county of,

was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Monfon, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, and also to the adding of a Commissioner, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom Sutton-upon-the Bill for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and report^ Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders

424

18° M

A. 1803.

ders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been unlawfully, and of your own authority, admit certain per-complied with; and that the Committee had examined Ions to their freedom, and reject others, against a Parliu-the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be mentary determination of the right of election: and that true} and that the parties concerned had given their con- you, being the Returning Officer, did on the day of elec-lent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; tion admit i'ome votes, and refuse others, unlawfully and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and partially: Upon this charge you have been heard: And made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- the House, having heard you, has resolved, that you, bein'* reded him to report to the House; and he read the Re- such Mayor and Returning Officer, did aft illegally and port in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with partially in the execution of your office, and in breach of

the Privileges of this House.

Your mii'conduct in lb great a trust (lands without excuse or palliation; for the ignorance which you have pleaded can avail you nothing. The Charter and Usages of your Corporation gave you the assistance of the Law

I"

if.]

f:

ill for refuting Veil els

Trying Painters to the

lan tat ions, rdc nicd.

Scotch School-nalters Bill, passed.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'eve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on Board, in proportion to the Tonnage of such Vessels, as well as with respect to the p/ovision of proper necessarics for the Voyage: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The ingrossed Bill for making better provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better government of the Parish Schools in

Scotland, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making better provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

:Dyfart Harbour Bill, li, passed.

serving.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, improving, and pre-the Harbour of Dyjart, in the County of , was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of Dyjart, in the County of Fife.

Officer of the Borough, who did actually at the time in-strucl and admonith you as to the plain course you were to pursue: You had all'o the assistance of learned counsel, approved by yourself, who also ’ instructed and admonished you to the fame effect: And yet, regardless of their joint advice, you proceeded preiumptuously, and of your own authority, to tubvert and annihilate the franchises of your fellow tubjefts, and to let the authority of this House at defiance.

All Returning Officers throughout this United Kingdom ,must understand, and feel, that it is their paramount duty to obey the determinations of this House upon rights ot election; and that no endeavour to refill, no endeavour to evade, the efleft of those determinations, will be suffered to go unpunished.

Nevertheless, this House, always considering that the chief end of punishment is example; and conceiving that, in your instance, its justice may be now satisfied with the disgrace and imprisonment you have undergone, and having compassion all'o upon your poverty, has ordered that you be this day dii'charged.

And you are now discharged accordingly, paying your fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicertte, That what has been now

said by Mr. Speaker; in reprimanding the said John Simpson, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Bill for De-His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and ^emof * Security of the Realm, during the present War, and for in- ordered, demnifying persons who may suffer in their property by l'uch measures, as may be necessary for that purpose: Ana that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exche-

• l:

ill;

a;

b

Er:

t

Cl'.'l’er Roads Bill,

preluUtd.

Ordered, lhat Sir James St. Clair Erjktne do carry the , , , Ty , n . , v-r r r , w

T>., ., 1 , r .1 quer, the Lord Lord Viscount Lajueieagh, Mr.

Bui to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. Av (I,.-

5 and Mr. Carry do prepare, and bung in, the

1'inic

Mr. V/rerlonpresented to the House, according to Or- /

der, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge That the Order of the day. for taking into fur*

the powers, of an Act passed in the 27th year o the ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the reign ot His present Majesty, lor amending the Roads -who,c Hou,;Cj to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,-from the City of C liefer to the W oodfideFerty, an other jnt|tu]ed> An Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and

Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of defer: of the Wiws of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned,

Soldiers, &c. Relief Bill,

re-coraiftitted

Ramsgate

Harbour

Account,

relented.

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed that Mr. Prilzler, Secretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ram [gate Harbour Trust Account, from the 24th June 1801 to the 24th June 1802.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

'The said Account is preferred among the other Papers of this Session.

was commuted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolvc itself intova Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

John Simpson reprimanded, and dise barged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Strat- Thei^ ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to John Simpson was, according to Order, brought to the enable the East India Company to defray the Expc-nces ot Bar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and certain Volunteer Corps, raised by the said Company; with- Bill was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his out any Amendment: And all'o,

fees. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common

John Simpson, Fields, Meadow-s, Pastures, and other Commonable and

‘ A Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncaff/e, in the County determine the merits of the Election for Great Grimsby, of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And all’o, Tl*k'r:J|

have reported to this House, That you, being Mayor of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the

that Borough, did, on the day previous to the lafteleftion, further prevention of malicious Shooting, and attempting Sb«,ii»s-13 to Bill-

43 Geo. Ill,

18° Mali.

425

Motion re- # faring Mili-m Pre^-ani-lions in fnnce and Hnli^nd, withdrawn.

to discharge loaded Fire Arms, {tabbing, cutting, wounding, poiloning, and the malicious using ot means to procure the Mil'carriage of Women, and also the malicious letting fire to Buildings; and also, for repealing a certain Act, made in England, in the twenty-first year of the late King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent thedeftioying and " murthering of Ballard Children and also, an Act, made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and " murthering of Bastard Children," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the concurrence ol this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, the Substance of any Intelligence received respecting the Military Preparations carrying on in the Ports of France and Holland, at any time from the ill of May 1802 to the 8th of March 1803.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Da. v lion.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Attorney C Mr. Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said fe'cuteM^ Alexander Davison, Esquire, for his said offence;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Bragge,

Tellers for the Yeas,^r_ jgQpe _ (Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,^g-ir

J

60.

39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House cloth agree with the Committee in the Resolution, " That John White Bar fans, of " Weft Camels, in the County of Som, was also engaged

" in the said lyftem of corruption."

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the Resolution, " That Thomas of West

"Camels aforesaid. was also engaged in the said lyftem of " corruption."

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith pro- Ditto, Mr. fecute the said John White Parsons and Thomas Hopping, for farfonsaud their said offences. J "

SoeciaJRcport from Uchtiler Flee ion Committee, further con-£dered.

j

0 U

ir

w i

1,

t-

: f*

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned consideration of the Report, which was made from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for the Borough ol Uchefer, in the County of Somerset.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 2ad day of April lad, " That such a system of cor-" ruption was formed, and such instances of individual " acts of bribery were committed, previous to the said " election, with a view to influence the lame, as to render " it necefihry that the lame be taken into the most serious' " consideration of this House, and that further proceedings " should be indituted thereon," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the three lad of the Resolutions, which, upon the 29th day of March lad, were reported from the said Select Committee, might be again read.

And the lame were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

"Resolved, That Alexander Davison, of Saint James's " Square., Esquire, was engaged in the said fydem of

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to indemnity resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon d the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been con- (Naval store cerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain Orders &c.) of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gun-:

powder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of,

the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

corruption.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

N° 1. Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury, dated May 23, 1802—and Translation: And also,

N° 2. Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to M. dated May 24th 1802: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury, dated St. PApril 23d 1802: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury, dated St.Pete, May 7th 1802: And also,

N° 5. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Merry, dated June 5th 1802; And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord

Papers relativ to Dilcuflioj: with France, presented.

"Resolved ’, That John White Parsons, of West Camels, in dated June 17th 1802; inclosin

' li a f ^/m, M ... ~ C C- , ... r. x - - - It :. } in tije laid r.— at. vl..

engaged

" the County of Somerset, was also " lyftem of corruption.

" Resolved, That Thomas Hopping, of West aforesaid, ivas also engaged in the said lyftem of corruption."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 23d day of November last, " That, it it shall "appear that any Person hath procured himself to be " elected or returned a Member of this House, or endea-" voured so to be, by bribery, or any other corrupt prac-

Note Verbale from Mr. Merry to M.

referred to in N° 6.

Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, referred to in N° 6; and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord dated Paris, June 4th 1802: And also,

N° 8. Dispatch from Lord to Mr. Merry,

datedjune 10th 1802: And also,

N° 9. Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord

" tices, this House will proceed with the utmost foverity dated Paris, June 17th 1802: And also, against such Person," might be read. N° 10. Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury, dated

And the fame was read accordingly. July 25th 1802; and Translation: And also.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pro- N° r 1. Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto, dated poffid, That the House do agree with the Committee in July 28th 1802: And also,

the Resolution, " That Alexander Davison, of Saint James's N° 12. Note from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury, dated " Square, Esquire, was engaged in the said system of cor- August 17th 1802; and Translation: And also,

" ruption N° 13. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Merry,

And the previous Question being put. That that Ques- dated August 28th 1S02: And also, t»on be now put; N° 14. Note from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury, dated

The House divided. August ft 1802; and.Translation: And also,

the Nces went forth. A0 15. Note from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto, dated

August 23d 1802; And aiio,

N° 16. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hdated October3d 1802; inclosing, referred to in N° 16 and Translation: And also, N° 17. Note from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto, dated* October 10th 1802: And also,

N° j 8. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Moore dated October 10th 1802: And also,

S° 19. Dispatch from Air. Moore to Lord Hawkesbury, dated October 31ft 1802: And also.

J

s6.

4S.

Tellers for the Yeas,

rr .1 c 1 xt f Mr. Sheridan,

Idlers for the No£S>{Mr.Wallace:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put

Resolved, That iheHousedoth agree with the Committee in the Resolution, " That Alexander " James's Square, Esquire, was engaged in the fan! lyftem

" of corruption."

Vol.. 58.

5 Q

N°20.

426

18° M

A.

1803,

N° 20. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Moore, dated November 25th 1802: And also,

N® 21. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. LiJIon to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Hague, October 13th 1802: And also,

N* 22. Dispatch from Mr. LiJIon to Lord dated Hague, Oiftober 29th 1802: And also,

N® 23. Ext raft of a Dispatch from Lord HawkeJImry to Lord Whitworth, dated November 30th 1802: And also,

N® 24. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Helens to Lord Hawkesbury, dated St. Pete July 20th 1802:

And also,

N° 25. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury, dated St. Petersburgh, August 3d 1802: And also,

N6 26. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Paget to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Vienna, July 18th 1802:

Inclosure marked A in N° 26, and Translation: inclosure marked B in N" 26, and Translation: And also,

N® 27. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Paget to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Vienna, August 22d 1802:

Inclosure referred to in N° 27, and Translation: And also,

N° 28. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to

/://-

N® 50. Ditpatch from Lord Ihizvlcfbury to Lord worth, dated April 4th 1803:

First. Inclosure referred to in N° 30.

Second Inclosure referred to in V 50: And aith, N° 51 Extract of a Dispatch from Lord V/Litw-omh to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, April 7th 1803: And also,

N" 52. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord bury, dated Paris, April 7th.1803:

Inclosure referred to in N° 52; and Trar.fl.ition: And also,

N* 53. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord bury, dated Paris, April 9th 1803;

Inclosure referred to in N° 53; and Translation: And also,

N° 54. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Iworth to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Paris, April 14th 1803: And also,

N° 55* Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord worth, dated April 13th 1803: And also,

N° 56. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord H’hit-worth, dated April 13th 1803: And allb,

N® 57. Dispatch from Lord to Lord

bury, dated Paris, April 1 Sth 1803: And also,

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord

N" 53.

Lord Hawkesbury, dated Berlin, August 21ft 1802: And dated April 18th 1803:

also,

N® 29. Extract of a Dispatch from Air. Cajamajor to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Berlin, August 31ft 1802: And al l'o,

N° 30. Extract of a Dispatch from Air. Cajamajor to

Lord Hawkesbury, dated Berlin, October 2d 1802: also.

And

Inclosure reterred to in N° 58; and Translation: And allb,

N° 59. Dispatch from Lord IVkitworth to Lord ILmkeJ-bury, dated Paris, April 20th 1803: And also,

N° 60. Dispatch from Lord Hazvkesbury to Lord worth, dated April 23d 1803: And also,

N° 61. Dispatch trom Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkef-

N® 31. Extract of a Dispatch from Air. Jackson to Lord dated April 23d 1803: And nltb.

Hawkesbury, dated Berlin, November 25th 1802: And allb,

N° 32. Extract of a Dispatch from Air. to Lord

Hawkesbury, dated St. Petersburgh, September 17 th 1S02: And also,

N° 33. Extract of a Dispatch from Sir John War-

ren to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated St. Petersburgh, November 18th 1802: And allb,

N® 34. E xtraft of a Dispatch from Sir John Bor/afe Warren to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated 67. Petersburgh, November 25th 1802;

Inclosure referred to in N° 34s and Translation: And also,

N® 35. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord IlazvkeJ-bury, dated Paris, January 27th 1803: a >

N° 36. Dispatch from Lord Hawkefimry to Lord Whit-

worth, dated February 9t!

And also.

N° 37.* Extract of a Ditpatch from Lord Whitzvorih to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, February 17th 1S03: And . alf),

V 38. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord HazvkeJ-bury, dated Paris, February 21ft 1803: Aid also,

iV 39. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whit-worth, dated February 18th 1803: And allb,

N° 40. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, March 5th 1803: And alto,

N°4i. Note from General Andreoffy to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated March 10th 1803; and Translation: And also,

N° 42. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkej-bury, dated Paris, March 12th 1803: inclosing,

Note verbale referred to in N°42, and Translation: And also,

N# 43. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Paris, March 14th 1803: And also,

N° 44. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth, dated March 15th 1803: And also,

N° 45. Note from Lord Hazvkesbury to General Andreojfi, dated March 15th 1803: And ailo,

N° 46. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to I^ord Hawkesbury, dated Paris, March 17th 1803: And also,

N° 47. Ditpatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkcf-bury, dated Paris, March 18th 1803: And allb,

N° 48. Dispatch from Lord Hazvkesbury to Lord Whitworth, dated March 22d 1803: And alto,

N° 49, Dispatch from Lord Hazvkesbury to Lord Whitworth, dated April 3d, 1803:

Inclosure in N* 49: And Translation.

Inclosure in N° 49: And also.

N° 62. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord HawkeJ-birry, dated Paris, April 25th 1S03: And allb,

N° 63. Extract of a Dispatch trom Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, April 27th 1S03: And allb,

N° 64. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Paris, April 29th 1803: And also,

N° 65. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated May 2d 1803:

Two Inclosures reterred to in N° 65: And also,

N° 66. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hizvkef/rary, dated Paris, May 4th 1803.

Three Inclosures referred to in N° 66; and Tranf-lations: And allb,

N° 67. Extract or a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, May 4th 1803: And also, One Inclosure reterred to in N* 67; and Translation: And allb,

N° 68. Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whit-

worth, dated May 7th 1803: And allb,

N° 69. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitzvorih to Lord Hawkesbury, dated Paris, May 9th, 1803: And also, N° 70. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, May 12U1 1803:

Five Inclosures referred to in N° 70; and Translations: And alto,

N° 71- Extract of a Dispatch from Sir George Rum bold, Bart, to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Hamburgh, March 29th 1803: And allb,

N# 72. Extract of a dispatch from Mr. Hill to Lord Hazvkeibiiry, dated Copenhagen, April 2d 1803: And ali0’ Appendix.

N® 1

by

Colonel

Report made to the French Consul

Sch.Jiiani.

View of the State of the French Republic. Letter from Citizen TJalley*'and to Citizen Fau-veiet at Dublin; and Translation.

Private Correspondence; and Translation. Bulletin inlcited in the Hamburgh Loreejoon-dentenof March 30th 1803; and Tiav\il.mon. N° 6. Letter from Mr. S piridionto Lor bury, dated Corfu, December 10th i$oz.

Letter from Mr. Spiridon Ford: to Lord Hawk’.shury, dated January 2d 1803.

Tranliations ot two Inclosures reterred to in

N° 7- ' ,

Together

N®

N®

N®

N"

N'

2.

a.

o*

7-

r

43 Geo. III.

18—19*

427

ippnitr,

(No. 53.)

Together with a List of the said Papers. ‘

And the said Lift. was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

A Paper, intituled " Declaration," dated "

May 18th 1803."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The Papers, of which thele are Translations, are preterved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and die Translations thereof, together with the other Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

«l.

Penort of Bill Tie House, according to Order, proceeded to take into

to amend the further con fulcra! ion, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render Fcrions, fur- more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Personshold-therconsider- ing Gj' parnic;5 and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, was re-committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being lever.dly read a tecond time, were, upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no KcCtor shall hold Lands beyond the annual value of £. xoo. or difiant one mile from the Parionage House.

And the said Clause was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be made part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That where there is difficulty in proving the Value of Livings, the same shall be taken at ten times the Value at which they (land in the King’s Books.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houlttj to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Beneficed Clergymen, absent with a Licence from their Benefices, may take to farm Lands in the Parish in which they reside.

And the said Clause vvas twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Anoiher Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For granting liberty (Vr Appeal to Patrons and Churchwardens. And the said Clause was twice read; and, with leave of

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s mod tive to } gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d

day of November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the Security of the Public Revenue, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read.

The said RelbJution is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Lord VII’count Cajllereagh, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart, and Mr Sargdo prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Append

(No. 5

the Hcu!e, withdrawn.

Another Clause vvas offered to be added to the Bill, That a Return Jha! 1 be made, annually, to the King in Council, of the names of such persons as have not refilled on their Benefices.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question nut thereupon, agreed to by the House. to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For repealing the Statute of the 13th oi Elizabeth, touching Fades of Benefices.

And the said Clause vvas twice read; and, upon the Ques-tmn put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause vvas offered to be added to the Biff, To confine the Appellant Jurisdiction to non-enumerated

ClfikS.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Quefffi >n put tlicrcupuii, agreed to by the House to be made p in nf the B;!L Another Clause was offered to be added to the Biff, That f*'wrc fluff be a resident Clergyman in every Parish.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42d Lt cITux year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for coniblidating the provisions of the several Acts, considered " paired for the Redemption and Sale of the Laqd Tax,

" into one Act, and for making further provision for the " redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing doubts " respecting the right of Persons claiming to vote at " Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members " to lerve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or " Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been " redeemed or purchased," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deterred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted <icfcrrcd-to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Bill to amei 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Medicine " An Act to repeal an Act, pa tied in the twenty-fifth year 91

cc of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp j

" Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other

" Duties in lieu thereof, and for making effectual provision " for the better Collection of the said Duties," be read a second time upon Tommorrow levcnnight, the 26th day of tin’s instant May.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Biff from the Lords, inti- Frivolous tilled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivo- Arrcits Bid1 lous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the ds*errtd- t levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House, having continued to fit tiH Halt an Hour after Twelve of the clock on Tliurl-clay Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Jovis, 19° Mail;

Anno 430 Georgii III'1 Regis, i 803.

Question was proposed.

A Motion, was made, and flic i'auhc la,o' Clause be brought up.

And the said Motion was, with leave of Ui'.iwn.

Then several Amendments were made,

flic Bill.

O'-tiered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- A

eroded.

Ordered, That the-laid Bill be r ad the third time upon 1 riiluy next,

Vo a. 5 ft.

Prayers.

Hp'H E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Eveth.imsn JL Petition oi Humphrey Haworth, Esquire, complaining Raft Retfo,-< of an undue election and return for the Borough SifAlon

ttys* f i‘ 7 T /? I * *CiFtlonSj

the House, with- in the bounty of Ir orcejlery being come; conilucrerf.

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the by the House, tQ places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

n c

being re

returned

A Member was Iworn.

Then the IIoul'c was counted by Mr. Speaker; and three

hundred and sixty-one Members being present;

And

428

19° Mali.

A. 1803.

And the Petition of William Bowks the younger, Esquire, Bill, and made fevev.il Amendments thereunto, which and Henry Bonham, Esquire, complaining of an undue elec- they had directed him to report to the House; and he

tion and return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other parties, in both the said cases, their counsel and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the Petition, com- grossed. plaining of an'undue election and return for Evesham, into consideration, was read.

Then the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of Edward Hilliard, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee to be ap pointed for for the Petitioners

And the name of James Brcgden, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the Evesham election, by the counsel for the Petitioner.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, the honourable Thomas Maitland was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Members.

Note.That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were exculed, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the counsel on the Evejliam election, the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

read the Report in his [dace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wh ere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and. up 'n the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire f route. Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Mr. James Graham reported horn the Commutes, to Great whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and indo’dr-.g, th< several Open Common and Maine Fields, Moors, Men dows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and un inclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Li-

Inc I of tut Bill| reported.

• i t? a T) j i rv* u. r i berty of Great in tiic of in tnc

r trying the Ea/i Retford e\ednony by the counsel 1L ’ {>

& r County of Derby, was committed; lhattne Committee

titioners m that cale. . , J * c ui r i,

* narrw» rS Tnmee Rr^A,*-F.fnnirhd drawn had examined, and found that the Standing orders of the

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfacYion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mad: several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the 'deport in ins place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

once read throughout one; and, upon the

and then a

lecon

: id

time, one by am thereupon.

aft Retford

■left ion etition, i mfidered.

And the door being again locked •,

The Order of the day for taking into consideration the said Petition, complaining of an undue election and return for East Retford, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, determined by lot.

Question ieve.a ly were agreed to by the Ilouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole name- are there- j»f:;ionof

■ VI'S-

at the Coal Buyers against London Coal

unto subscribed, being principal Buyers

Coal Exchange, in the City of Lot;dr-:, on benait oi them- .....

selves, and the rest of the Bu ers ot Coals at the Coal Ex- Market fitiL change, was presented to the Ihnie, and read; taking notice of the Bill for establishng a Free Market in the

for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

brought

into

Port of London, within

therein mentioned; and letting forth, That there

:a;n par

ire cer-

And the name of Benjamin Hob house, Llquire, being tain clauses and provisions contained in the said Bill, which.

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Members.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of Sir William Scott, Judge of the Admiralty Court, was drawn; and he being again I worn, in the manner fluted in the proceedings of the 14th day of March last, was exculed v And the name of the Right honourable Charles Secretary at War,

was drawn; and he being again sworn, in the manner dated in the proceedings of the 15th day of February last, was excused; And the name of the Matter of the Rolls was drawn; and he being again

if passed into a Law, would be very injurious to the Petitioners, and detrimental to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themielv s, their counsel, or agents, agaimt such parts of the said Bid as affect their interests, and that the liimc may not pals into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That tue laid Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bid is commitred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-sworn, in the manner dated in the proceedings of mittee.That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fume the 25th day ot February last, was excused: And time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, the names of several other Members were drawn,

who were excused, as being sixty years of age or Ordered, That Mr. James do make the Report

upwards, or as having served on a Select Com- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, al-mittee; and other names were set aside, the Mem- lotting, indoling, and otherwise improving, several Combers being petitioned against.

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

’refcoa and ^ancaster lontU Bill, rporicd.

mons. Moors, or Waites, within the Minor of AJlnn, otherwise Alston Moor, and Gatragill, in tho Parii'u of Aston,

and County of Cumberland, was committed.

Mr. James Loivther accordingly reported from the fail Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found

to Bills ot e Com-

that the Standing Orders of the House, re

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom the Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Corn-Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and two Aids, made in the 2.1th vear of his late Majesty. and the found the same to be true; and th it the parties c nvcevn 'd

e laud Estate

two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prefon to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called HeiringSyke, and for maintaining and keeping in

repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne, with Hejl, to a place called Hefl Bank, in the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame that the whole property belonging to parkins interest to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Inclosure is assessed to the Boors Rate at /. 6,145. 1

found the same to be true; had given their content to the Bill, to th the Committee (except the Owners of to the Poors Rate at /.307. per annum, who refilled to iiga the Bill; and also the Owners of Eft ites a lie 1 If d a! f-3: per annum, who were neuter: and also trie Owners of Kitates aflelled at £.427. 10.w who could not be met with; and

Entire

: J. b’d.

12

irT

tl<

reJ

m

itr

Sr<

Cut

k

;.Y

t:

teB

!0 ’G;

C:l;.

A-

1

&C I

' U

‘ G.I

* y Q.-l

ludifur? Bi4

M:

429

43 Geo. III.

19° Mmi

tfHhara

0e£Hon

Committer*

appointed.

per annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time* one by ohe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The counsel and agents in the case of the elec-

tion, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Claude Scott, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Sir Hugh

Inglis, Baronet, Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Cecil Esquire, the Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, Ralph

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Cortimittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reportedt

mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act* passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Atts passed for the Redemption and Saleof the Land Tax.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to ren- Bill ordered, der more effectual an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of

Inquire, the itignt nonouraoie ixtcnara tttzpaincn, naipti % c . 0 , 0 . f..

Esquire, Lord M, 7WWford muL'"*2* J

Russell, Abraham Robarts, Esquire, the Honourable Mont-

gomerie Granville'John Stewart, Francis Sitwell, Esquire, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, James Esquire,

the Honourable Thomas Maitland.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Corn-

Land Tax: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Nicholas Vanjit-tart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Sill for r r . , c , , ... ing of the Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying Paf- lat,n? Vefkls

tmttee for saying the merits of the Pern, on, complaining fengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plan- SI ,o

ofanundueeleftion and return for Evesham, were fworii by rations and Settlements abrofd, or to Foreign Parts, with *eP&t». the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner. respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be

allowed to take on board, in proportion to the Tonnage of

County

Bridget

Bill,

tore).

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted ele<ftions.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain defers in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-(bive itself into the said Committee.

Mining Lord Viscount Cajllereagh presented to the House, ac-Conpuyl coding to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Atft, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating the manner in which the " United Company of Merchants of England trading to '* the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their re-" gular Service: " And the same was received; and read the first time.

Ships,

presented.

such Vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The feid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Soldiers, &c* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- * ene ' tituled, An Act for the relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of I

the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneselay next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The counsel and agents in the case of the East Retford Kaft Retford election being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to Election attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a re- apponnedf’ duced lift j to which lift the Nominees being added, the - 1

fame was called over j and is as follows:

Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, George Anthony Legh '

Keck, Esquire, Boyd Alexander, Esquire, Sir Robert

JtfJsi

■act.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according A , ,—, -----—,

Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to Baronet, Michael Hicks Beach, Esquife, Nathaniel fa tated, provide for the defence and security of the Realm during Esquire, Sir David Baronet, Richard

die present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may Esquire, Thomas Esquire, Sir Matthew Bloxam,

Puffer in their property by such measures, as may bene- William Morland, Esquire, Robert Fell owes, Esquire, Owen cefiary for that purpose: And the same was received; and Williams, Esquire, Edward Hilliard, Riquire, Benjamin Hob-read the first time. Esquire.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Com-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- mittee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of

an undue election and return for East Retford, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

morrow.

Option

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the House to ,1X resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consolidating " the provisions of the several Acts, pasted for the Redemp-"tion and Sale of the Land Tax, into one A(ft, and for " making further provision for the Redemption and Sale " thereof and for removing doubts the right

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Addretfcffo? Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give direc- ftPers _ tions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of

of persons claiming to vote at elections for Knights of all Representations made,.by orderof His Majesty, to the with France " the Shire, and other Members to lerve in Parliament, Government of the Republic, on the subject of any

" in respeift of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land acts of violence offered to the Vessels or Property of His thereto. * " Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased," Majesty's Subjects; together with the Answers thereto; be now read. from the x ft May j 802 to the 8th March 1803.

V01. 58, H Ordered,

430

19° Mail

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, laid before this House, the substance of any intelligence That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that received by His Majesty’s Ministers respecting the Military He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there preparations carrying on in the Ports of France and Holland, be laid before this House, an Account of all Representa- at any time from the lft of May 1802 to the 8th of March tions made, by order of His Majesty, to the Government 1803; and also, an Account of all Uepresentations or Re-of the French Republic, since the conclusion of the Treaty monstrances which may have been made to the French and

of Amiens, relative to the million of a number of Persons in the character of Commercial Agents and Consuls to the most considerable Seaport Towns in Great Britain and Ireland; together with the Answers thereto;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, the date of the receipt, by His Majesty’s Government, of the private Instruc-, tions addressed to Citizen Fauvel at Dublin by C. M. Talleyrand, Minister of Foreign Relations to the French Republic; together with any Remonstrances relative to the fame, which have been addressed, by His Majesty’s Orders, to the French Government; and the Answers thereto.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

Batavian Governments respecting the fame; together with the Answers thereto;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

m 11 r .1 (Mr, Icad,

Tellers for the ->eas,> Mr &j>/j \

Tellers for rlieNoes, ft|lt:

I Mr. Walla

So it passed in the Negative.

59*

ICC,

} »36-

The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being Call deferred, read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday

next.

Resolved, That, when the House shall have proceeded, Names rf upon Thursday next, to the appointment of Seiect Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap- Billots, to be pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and rePortc<1»Sft« the names of the Members shall be diawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House,

that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that ancj w|10 shan not then be serving on Seiect Committees for there be laid before this House, an Account of all Remon- trial of controverted elections, to be let aside; and that a

strances, addressed by order ot His Majesty, to the French jjft Qf the names of such absent Members be reported, by

__________a____i.i______4.* ______ c t?.___l 'V____ . ~ r / _ _ _ _ ' 1

Government, on the continuance of French Troops in Holland, previous to the 8th of March last; together with the Answers thereto;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Seiect Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and al-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, \owtd by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, n * ’*

that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a copy of any, Remonstrance which may have been made to the French Government, on the subje'Ct of certain expressions contained in the communication of the First Consul to the Legislative Body of the French Republic, on the 2 2d of February last; together with the Answers thereto;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative

into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order of the House.

A Petition of William Golding, Esquire, on behalf of him- P^iflon of self and others, Trustees under the will of John Gentleman, deceased, was presented to the House, and Christ Church read; taking notice of the Bill for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey (except the Tower thereof) and for enlarging the Burial Ground belonging thereto; and setting forth, That

Mr. Golding, against thrift Ch Church Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, the said Bill contains divers clauses, powers, and provisions

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Answer which may have been given to the Note Verbale delivered to M. Otto, by His Majesty’s Order, on the subject of Switzerland, dated October 10th 1802;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Orders which have been sent to the Commanders of His Majesty’s Forces by Sea and Land, relative to the evacuation or retention of the Cape of Good Hope, since the signa-ture of the Treaty of Amiens, together with the date when

which, if passed into a Law, will prove very prejudicial to the rights and interests of the Petitioner, and the other Trustees as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Indemnity into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bl11’ *-er

indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in

the dispatches were received in England announcing the issuing or carrying into execution certain Orders of Coun

retention of the Cape

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the intelligence received by His Majesty’s Ministers on the subject of any Arrangement which may have taken place respecting Loui/iana, between the French Republic and the United States of America.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

cil for the prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- j,n, tuled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivo-lous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

ir.-:

0;

tf

Cif

- c*

(Naval Store*

>i

A

43 Geo. III.

20° Mail*

431

Veneris, 20° Mail;

Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1803.

Upton

Scudamore Incloluf* Billi

Anno 43‘

Prayers.

Joshua Smith presented to the Houtej according to

MR<

in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Weft and Fens, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Ellison, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

*, - w

idofure Bui, Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting. An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Kirkby<

ttotei. * the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Mea- the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors,

dows. Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Upton Scudamore, otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of W: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Committee on

Btrwklcy Incloltire Bill to fend for Persons, pajsers, and Rfcofdi.

Kulhall

and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground's, within paired, the Parish of Kirk by-cum - Ofgodby, in the County of Lin* coin, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally propostd to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 18. To leave out from " fame," to " and, "

in 25-.

After " determination," to mtert *c are " by the said recited Act or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question le-

Pr.

39*

1

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of StewkLy, in the County of Buckingham, is committed, have Power to fend verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House r And the for persons, papers, and records. Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Incbfure Bill, proceeding upon the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Lands lying in the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other of in the County of Lincoln.

Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, Ritjhali, in the County of Wilts.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 25. 7'o leave out from "fame," to "and," in 1. 27.

and desire their concurrence.

Inclosure Bi re ported.

Pr. 13. 1. 40. After " are," to insert " by the said " recited Act or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rtfoive

Sir Jacob Henry AJlley reported from the Committee, to Aflafton whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, Was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true;

>ed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, and that the parties concerned had given their content tb An Act for dividing, allotting, andjnclosing, divers Lands the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except

lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rushall, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

X’.i"

cK;

c>

Wildaore

tn, kc.

the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poor Rates at £. 49. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole property is aflelled at £. 772. annum-, and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madeleveral Amendments thereunto, which they Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Drcuj

iiage

fttition,

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: here the 1

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Jacob Henry Act ley reported from the Committee, to Wfotwell and whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Hack ford several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture reported!

Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto fubteribed, interested in the Fens, and Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, Grounds, and certain of the Commons and Waste Lands, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, within the Parishes of and Hackford, in the

for the better and more effectually draining certain tracts County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee of Land called Wildmore Fen, and (he Weft and East Fens, had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Low Lands and House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied

* Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, with; and that the Committee had examined the Allega-

having right of Common on the said Fens and other Low tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Rands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto, the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to was read:—And, the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee

William Rogerson, Esqufre, being examined, laid. That had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the teid Act, have proceeded to put the lame in execution, and House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards have caused teveral cuts, drains, and outlets, and several delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s hanks, and other works, to be made, done, and executed, Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; in, through, and upon the said Fen Landsand Grounds, for and then a tecond time, one by one; and, upon the Ques-the better draining and preserving of the lame: That the tion teverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, powers and provisions of the said Act: are found to be infus- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iu-heieot and inelfcftual for the purposes thereby intended, grafted.

*nd it is expedient that the lame should be altered,

amended, enlarged, and extended, for the further and better The Houte was moved. That the entry in the Votes of inftnifHon to improving, supporting, and preserving the drainage of the the Houte, of the 29th day of April last, of the Petition of Committee on said Fens, Low Lands, and Grounds. the thereunder signed Inhabitants and Hqute and Land- Church^iU

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for alter- holders of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of ‘ ing, amending, and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed Surrey, which Petition was, upon the id day of thisinstant

* 0*, 58. May,

.0

432

20° Mail.

A. 1803.

)rt Glasgow

id Newark, iving, &c. Bill,

jmiiiitted.

May, -ordered to be referred to the consideratton of the within the Manor of Allerton By Water, in the Parish of Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and rebuild* , in the Weft Hiding of the County of York, was

ing the Parish Church of Christ Church in the County of committed; That the Committee had examined, and found Surrey (except the Tower thereof) and for enlarging the that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Burial Ground belonging thereto, is committed, might be of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com* read. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

And the same being read accordingly; found the same to be true; and that the parties con-

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Com* cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfac* mittee. That they have power to re ft rain the provisions in tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone the said Bill to tire repairing and improving the present through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto. Church, and for enlarging the Burial Ground belonging which they had directed him to report to the House; and thereto. he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: A Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and powers of an Act, passed in the 15th year of the reign of then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inha- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

(I:

ti.

ro>

T>

" r

C'

ti:

Petition of [aimers of vVexford.

bitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and

Prison, and other necessary public Buildings, in the said Towns, was read a second time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be Committed to General phane, Mr. George Baillie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Town and vicinity of Wexford, was presented to the House, and read; contain'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

A Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and improving, Bradford the Town of 1Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton, adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances therein, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Shaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Muttdv presented to the House, according to Order, wmingto*

...... - - * Bridge Bill,

ing the lame Allegations and Ptayet as the Petition of the Bm for- bu, kll , Brid over the River frm, al ot Tanners of the Town and vicinity of Wcxjvri, which was mm Fe% in , jje c<,unty of D,h. And the nrHcnten to the Home unon hndavla.it. ° i * * ., n * J

presented to the House upon Friday last.

Ordered, Thrt. the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

‘Preenock A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Mr. reported from the Committee, tcf whom the Walton In-

H g|1|i’urs’That the Bill for the further Improvement of the Harbours Bin for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Com* clofureBlll>

:ommitted.

of the Town of Greenock, for extending the Jurisdiction of mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of in re^oiwniued,

the Bailies of the said Town, and for other purposes therein the Parish of ', in the County of , was corn-

mentioned, be now read a second time; mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found

And the House being informed that Sir fohi Shaw that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Stewart, of Greenock and Blackball, Baronet, who petitioned Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com* this House upon the 29th day of April last, pray ing to be mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found heard, by himself, his count’d, and agents, against the said the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had Bill, declined being heard on the second reading of the said given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Bill> Committee; and that the Committee had gone through

The said Bill was read a second time. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. R1‘ Dozvall, they ^ad directed him to report to the House; and he Mr. William Duttdas, &c.: And they are to meet this read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the

>ruinlt: eferred, and 1 Count'd 1 Veered.

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '■Petition Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his counsel, and agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have

voices.

Petition of A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereto fub-Housest0&c°f bribed, Proprietors of Houses and Grounds within the igainst Ditto Town of Greenock, was presented to the House, and read;

Bill. ' ' ‘ - - ----- - - ' ‘ "

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-:ommitted to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Dymoke|» vesting, subject to the approbation of the High Court of. Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parillies of Great Hale, otherwise Great Hall, otherwise Great Hole, and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, part of the settled Estates of the Honour-

taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the able Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon trust to fell, and for fame contains dairies inconsistent with the paramount laying out the monies arising from such l’ale in the purchase rights, privileges, and interest, of the Petitioners, and also of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same uses dangerous and injurious to them as Fewers in the Town of as the Lands so to be sold, was read a second time. Greenock: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. not pass into a Law, and that they may be allowed to be Mr. And they are to meet this Afternoon,

AUerton writer I.: iofure Billj

!'V>r‘sed«

heard, by their counsel, and agents, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, and agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, 11

at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for

Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge, in the County of to the Deep

Water at Digits, below the City of was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Clerk of the Crown, to make out a

his warrant to the-new writ for the electing

-by

Ord

A

A

V-

h

h

f:

K i;

.v:

ty..

A

xtendir.g and making the Horse Towing

committed

Netting

Writ.

■ C:; h<-

43 Geo. III.

20° M

433

h<l!i (

Jyrlham

Election,

determined.

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in the room of jofep/t Birch, Esquire, whole election for the said Town has been determined to be void.

General Fitzpatrick from the Selecft Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition

of Humphrey Howorth, Esquire, complaining of an undue

election and return for the Borough of Ezeesham, in the County of Worcester, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined.

That Charles Thellujjon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That Patrick Qrav.surd Bruce, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

TTemnglon and Walton InclosureBUI, presented.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and other open and unin-

dosed Lands, in the Hamlets of and in

' CJ 7

the Parish of Paston, and County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rish/vedy That the Bill be read a second lime.

Kimwton A Bill for confirming and establishing the division, allof-mens.and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Warwick; and for making compenfalion to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof, was read a second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Mr. Dickius, Mr, Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

" the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

" Commons, Marshes, Heaths, Waites, and Commonable " Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of " Croydon, in the County of Surreywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords making more effectual provision for the punishment of hare passed Offences, in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying Q^nders'" Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient Trial of ftroyingshi AccelTaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of &c* an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting part of the Estates deviled by the will of topherlate Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Hazvkesbury reported to the House, That their Anftverto , Addresses of yesterday (that His Majesty would be gra- Ad ‘e et‘ cioully pleased to give directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The Lord Hazvkesbury presented to the House, pursuant OtW Paper* to their Addresses to His Majesty, If!*'*? to i

N® r. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry Lord with^rance,!

Bishop of Bristol’s Efute Bill-

Militia Completion Bill, erdered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aid year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in " England, and for augmenting the Militia," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more speediiy completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under the said Acts, and for amending the said Acts: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hi/ey Addington, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

£?•* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Strat-«-grecdto ford; b 1

Ct.fUfr

»‘d.

Hawkesbury, dated Paris, June 17th 1802: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, June 23d 1802: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, July 5th 1802: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, August 4th 1802: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, September 20th 1802: And also, N° 6. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, October 18th 1802: And also, N° 7. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Hazvkesbury to Mr. Merry, dated May 20th 1802: And also,

N° 8. Copy ol a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, dated Paris, May 24th 1802: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, dated Paris, June 13th 1S02: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, dated Paris, June 18th 1802: And also,

N® ix. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, dated Paris, July ift 1802: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, dated Paris, July 31ft 1802: And also,

N° 13. Statement of the Cafe respecting the Fame Packet, July 3 ift 1802: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, dated Paris, September 20th 1802: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, dated Paris, October 14th 1802: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, dated October 22d 1802: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hazvkesbury, dated Paris, October 25th 1802: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord to

presented.

Bnadden

kiofureBilj.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers-of an Act, passed in the second year of the reign of His present Majesty, so far the fame relates to maintaining a nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within the City of Chester; and for preventing nuisances Lord dated Paris, May 10th 1803: And also,

" ’ N° 19. Copy of an Instruction from Lord Hobart to

Lieutenant General dated October 17th 1802:

And also,

N® 20. Copy of Instructions from Lord Hobart to Lieutenant General Dundas, dated November 16th 1802: And also,

N" 21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. R. King to Lord

3«n»nd

Sfflto,

%'don lnf 'Wiire Act.

and annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within the said City; and for regulating and improving the Police thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Brad den, in

the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: , dated May 15th 1803: And also,

And also, N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Lord Hazvkesbury to Mr.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act dated May 19th 1803.

for altering and amending the powers of an Act, made in Together with a List of the said Papers.

Vol. c8. 5 s

434

20° Mali.

A. 1803..

Appendix,

Nro.

rtdress for pers resting Dif-.ilions with a nee—

(i Motions Utive there-

, l; )

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The Lord Hazvkcsbury also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Hazvke/lury to Lord Whitworth, November 14th 1802.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of any Accounts received from Lord Whitworth, respecting the reception of his Representations by the French Government, on the subject of their not having withdrawn their Troops from the Batavian Republic*

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

ing

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Bill for Deaf the hill to enable His Majesty more efleClually to thl

provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during climated, the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may fuller in their property by such measurcs, as may be need-fary for that purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

The laid Bill was read a fecund time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refclvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, refoive itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

re

ca

as

fr-

ill

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee oa improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of BrijhK is committed, have leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

powder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway, be new read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Brilti.1 Harbour nil I, to

lit notVuh-lhmwig Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to C'o-mittcton resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon "-.nity the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been con- (KaVat A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, corned in Bluing or carrying into execution certain Orders Sioas, 4c.) That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that oi Council for the prevention of the Exportation of Cun-He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Representations and Remonstrances made to His Majesty’s Ministers on the part of the Malteje Inhabitants by their Deputies, from the ill October 1801 to the lait day of March 1802, together with the Answers thereto; also a Copy of Colonel Graham's Manitefto, distributed in that Island.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That an humble Address be presented to IT is Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of such Representations or Remonstrances which were made by the British Government, respecting the assumption of the Government of the Italian Republic and Hie of Elba by the First Consul; also, on the annexation of Piedmont, either previous to the Treaty of Amiens, or subsequent thereto;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleal'ed to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Orders or counter Orders lent to any Governor of the

Islands and Settlements in the West Indies captured during the last War, and ceded at tire Treaty of Amiens, which have been issued farce that period, and which relate either to the Retention or Evacuation of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by fuclr Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moil: Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for Acts, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for *)re'~‘," ' there be laid before this House, a Copy or Account of any the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax: And the fanre

Information received from Mr. His Majesty’s Envoy

at the Hague, respecting any Armaments carrying on in the Batavian Ports, since the ift of February 1803; also, of any Remonstrance in consequence ot Mr. s Letter

of October, 23d 1803, respecting the French Troops in Ho!Land;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

■Resolved, That this House wdl, upon Monday 'next, ty-.yswJ refoive itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to

Sv'ip'v.

do‘.:h

He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there contider further of Ways and Means for railing tire Supply be laid before this House, Copies of all the Negotiations granted to His Majesty. with the Court of Naples relative to the Cession of the Island of Lampedofa;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

8

-A

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for Bill to pnrish making more effectual provision lor the pumihment of Offences in wilfully carting away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenicm Trial of Accessaries in Felonies, and for extending the power* ot an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of L.ng Henry the Eighth, as tar as relates to Murders, to Acceiiaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Biiltoamend of the ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, [^Luws re-

3 . ntnw to bpin-

the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, tu-ilWms, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on deterred, their Benefices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thurlllay next.

Mr. Nicholas Varfiltart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act,

l:,:

G

sd:,

L

, r

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,-Billfor refoive itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon rathe Bill for regulating the vessels carrying Paflcngors from lingers the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Set-elements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with respect to the ’

number

43 Geo. III.

435

L,

1

frivolous

/Vrefts Bill,

deferred.

number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of stich Vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necella-ries for the voyage.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions, in certain cases, be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

lotment, and Inclosure of certain Commons called Freezing Hill, and Nimlett, and also a piece of Open Pasture

Land, part of the said Common called Hill, lying

in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. z. 1. T9. Leave out "twenty," and insert "ninety."

The laid Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

f Joule.

Ordered, That Mr. Burlamldo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

1,......

3

1

0

Lunev, 23°

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

Kent Gaol A N ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the *nd County of\^ 9th year of the reign of King George the Second, ^patfed.' intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, " acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, " to purchase a convenient piece of ground for building u a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the " said Justices to apply part of the County Stock of the <( laid Division towards the lame," and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County; to hold a yearly General Sessions of the Peace, for the purpose of examining, passing, and allowing, the Accounts of the Treassurers of the two Divisions of the said County; and for the better regulation and payment of the public Expences of the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, ad-" ing for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece of ground for building a " Gaol for the said Countjr, and for empowering the said <c Justices to apply part of the County Stock of the said " Division towards the fame," as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the expence of the said Western Division; and for the better regulation and payment of the public Expences of the said County.

Ordered, That Air. John Fane do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the porfetand Dorset and Sower Jet Canal Navigation to raise a further Somerset Ca sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for committed, altering and amending an Act, pasted in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur land,

Mr. Francis John Brozvue, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, pasted in the 19th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes <c and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the " County of WestmorlandJ and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was read the third time.

The Amendment following vvas proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2S. I. 33. At the end of the line, to insert " by the " last recited Act, or this Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An cc Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and " Commons lying in the Manor of Slcagill\ in the County " of JVef norland J and for granting other powers lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That Mr. Janies Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sleagill Tndc lure Bill, passed.

;r f3,"’Heath Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Or-i, ' pwented.^1^' ^cr’ a Bill for inclosing and improving a certain trad of ff Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the

Town ship of Alvaflon, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chef.er: And the fame was received; j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

JRoa<l$ A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the T «m.T.uted. Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th year of the reign of r . His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the

•; City of Chesterto the and other Iioads

, therein mentioned, all in the County of Chester, was read

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas , Grojvmor, Mr. Cholmondeky, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ingrossed Bill for the more effectually repairing the /" paiitd. ’ Pori(h Church of Dagenham, in the County of was

read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish; Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, 't hat Mr. Harvey do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

" Wds

, A^miment The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

/ B;ii, ,c An Act for confirming and establishing the division, al-

: voi.cs.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Rear;n 7th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing Inclomrc Bil and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of PaflcJ-

in the County of Wefnnorland, and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, was read the third time.

The Amendment following vvas proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 20. After " are," to insert " by the said " recited Act, or this Act."

And the said Amendment was, up, on the Question put;

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill vvas amended at the Table accordingly. j

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that tire Title be.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the seventh year of 1

the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of WeJhnorland, and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the j

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Alfton otherwise improving, several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, iny'oTua-1;.; within the Manor of Alston, otherwise Alfton Moor and - p:iliod'

ragill, in the Parish of Alston 2nd County of Cumberland, was read the third time.

The Amendment following vvas proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. J. 7. To leave out from the beginning of the line, to the second " And," in J. 11.

And

436

23° M

A. 1803.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; . amended at the Table accordingly and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title bey in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise once read throughout; and then a second time, one by

improving, several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the

Manor of Alston, otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, in the

Parish of Alston, and County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

>refton and ^ancaster Bill, >aifed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, made in the 24th year of his late Majesty, and the 22d year of His present Majesty, and West Riding of the County of was read

for repairing the Road from Prejlonto Lancaster, and from the third time.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of , in the Parish of

Sind well Iik ioiiirc Bill, passed.

Worthing

paving, &c. ‘Bill, reported.

thence to a place called Heiring; and for maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of S/yne with My?, to a place called Hejl , in the said Township, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of H is present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring; and for maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hejl, to a place called Hejl Bank, in the said Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Porter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and im-

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the ComiYions or Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Town ship of Ska dwell, in the Parish of Thorner, and West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Chaplinpresented to the House, according to Order, Wiidmot*

a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers of Bill,

an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of H:s present pretewed. Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called HiIdmoreFen, and the and East Fens in

the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

proving, the

Mr. Dickinspresented to the House, according to Order, Saint Bill for erecting a new Work house in the Parish of Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, Saint James, within the Liberty of and for presented.

within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County of StJJ'ex; for amending and enlarging the powers of lo much of an Act, removing and preventing annoyances, incroachments, and passed in the ad year of the reign of His present Majesty,

for establishing an effective

enrith and n git: wood Forest

; ndolure Bill, I 'ported.

obstructions therein; and Police in the said Hamlet, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Messuages or Lands within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County of St if ex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and - that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Pan flies of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld, otherwise Great Luzon by, Hejkett,

Wetheral, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of Middlef-ceugh, and Brail hw ait e, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Townships of Raughtonand and

in the Parish of Da If. on, in the Honor of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, in the County of 'Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 18. 9*. 7 id. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at 19. ijr. 7 \d. who were neuter; and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at f.6. 1 s.9 £. who could not be met with; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £• 269. t s. 1 i d. per annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Burton

Lattimer Inclosure Bfil passed.

as relates to the Poor of the said Parish; and also for amending an Act, passed in the xft year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting " a*" new Parish to be called the Parish of James,

" within the Liberty of WestminsterAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and presented. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pailures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the County of , was read

the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 22.To leave out from " fame," to " Pro-" vided," in 1. 28.

Pr. 41. 1. 6. To leave out "herein," and insert, "by " the said recited Act, or by this Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question ie~ verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows,

Paftu res, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

G

SJ

h

p-

d

C.i

L

t v I

F

R;

1.

IF

1

;• n

a

Sligo Htffr,:r anti 1

Bill,

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3d year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, commit'^ " of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galzva v,

" Drogheda, and Belfaji, and for erecting a Bulialt Office

111

TV UJKU. 111.

23° Maii.

437

: D-iv:

' ?U.:.

" in the said City, and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th year of the reign His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, " lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and " Passages, in the Town of in the County of Sligo;

*f for cltabli filing a nightly Watch in the said Town, for " supplying the said Town with pipe water, and for im-* proving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof," and for making better provision lor the paving, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, was read asecond time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Cole, Mr. Alexander, Ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVihnot and Mr.

iu*e agreed to Pop ham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, palfed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenry-first year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft end of Poller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the

The Lords

Bradford loads Bill*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, 1'hat they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according Militia to Order, a Bill for more speedily completing the Militia Cgi']jpletK of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the 42d preiai, teJ. year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill bo read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Bill to am* ing of the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 4'2d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consoli- Atfsf dating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Re- committed, demption and Sale of the Land Tax, be now read.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-

County of Yorkr, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in feI/int0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the said the County of Lancaster, and from a place called The Two ""I.

Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

Cocking End The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lojdJiiU. for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Frivolous < ing of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vex- Amendment atious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of

King George the Second, and the twenty-first year of His Poundage upon Executions in certain cases, be now read.

Bit].

G< 1

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of

York, through Ki/dwick, to Blac Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County; without any Amendment.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. James Fitzgerald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments j to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the indemnity

• . r.i , , Pr , r . t,-,. r Bill, renort'

if*

Kfflbc

InelofureBiJl,

committed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

S O

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Osborn, Mr. St. Andrew St. John, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wiionof A Petition of the Noblemen, and th6 humble Petition several other Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the neighbourhood of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge, and Cotmtefs Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto.; and letting forth.

Bill, reported (Naval Stores, &c.)

•against Exeter tads Bill.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee oi

That there are several clauses and provisions in the said resolve.itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide Realm. ' the Petitioners; particularly the Clause which authorizes for the Defence and Security of the-Realm, during the the taking a new and additional Toll at the Western gates present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer next the City of Exeter, beyond such as are proposed to be in their Property by such measures; as may be necessary laid generally upon all the gates, which the Petitioners for that purpose, be now read.

~ And the said Order being read accordingly

conceive will be very partial, burthensome, and oppressive to them, as well as to the neighbourhood in general: And ’therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con

The House resolved it fell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

deration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, the House will please to receive the same, if they think fit. Ordered, That the Report be received To-n>o.TOW.

Vol. j8. ST Th*«

438

23°—24° Mail

A. 1803.

fwer to drcis.

The Lord Hawkcsbury reported to the House, That their " firm determination to to-operate with-His Majesty in

Address, of Friday last (that His Majesty would be gra- " calling forth the resources of the United Kingdom, for cioully pleased to give directions, that the Papers therein " the vigorous prosecution of the War in which we arc in-mentioned might belaid before this House) had been pre- " volved, and to express to His Majesty the satisfaction lented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com- " with which His faithful Commons have received His manded him to acquaint this House, that He will give " v.* ic o'himnr tr.

directions accordingly.

irther

ptrs

lative to iicutVions ith France, ‘dented.

Majesty’s gracious Declaration, that he is willing to afford, as far as may be confident with His own honour and the interests of His People, every facility to any just arrangement, by which the blessings of Peace may be restored to His loyal Subjeifts."

And the Question being proposed. That the words pro-

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of His Majesty’s Order for the Restitution to the French and Batavian Republics of the following Islands or poled to be left out, stand part of the Question;

Settlements—Cape of Good Hope, Martinique, Tobago, St. And a Debatearifing in the House thereupon;

Lucie, Defeada, and the Saints Pierre and Miquelon, Curaçao, And the House, having continued to fit till half an hour Debate on aA

Surinam, Demerara, Berbice, and EJJ'equibo, St. Eujiatius, St. after Twelve of the clock on Tuesday Morning,

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Four of the clock this Afternoon.

Amendment/

adjourned.

Jppendix,

: (No. 53.)

|fi King’s fj Message elative to jj France, ioniiderecL

1 Motion for m Address '.hereupon.

of the House, of the 14th day of May 1802, of the Address agreed to by this House, to be presented to His Majesty, respecting the Definitive Treaty of Peace, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message, and for the communication of the several Papers, which have been laid before them, in obedience to His Majesty’s commands:

To allure His Majesty of the just sense we entertain of His Majesty’s anxious and uniform endeavours to prderve to His People the blessings of Peace, and of our perfect confidence in His Majesty’s disposition to terminate the

leave of Absence.

..*0 41 c

Alar tin's, Goree,—Conquests in East Indies: And also,

Copy of an Instruction from the Right honourable Lord Hobart to the Governors of, or Officers commanding at

Surinam, Demerara, Berbice, and Ejfequibo, Martinique, St. A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of

Lucie, Tobago, Curaçao, 17th Otftober 1802 (circular): And unto subscribed being Owners of Estates in the Township also, of Min the Parish of Roma/Jkirk, in the North amend

Copy of an Instruction from the Right honourable Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House,

Lord Hobart to the Governors of, or Officers commanding and read; taking notice of the Bill for amending an Act, at Surinam, Demerara, Berbice, and Ejjequibo, Martinique, St. passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for dividing,

Lucie, Tobago, Curaçao, 15th November; (circular) 1802; allotting, and inclosing, certain Lands and Grounds within The Lord Hawkesbury also presented to the House, by the said Township; and letting forth, That the said Bill con-His Majesty’s command, tains divers clauses, powers, and provisions, which, if carried

Copy of the Paper referred to in Mr. Forejlis Letter to into effect, would be extremely prejudicial to the rights and Lord Hawkesbury, of January 2d 1803. interests of the Petitioners, particularly in as much as it

And the Titles were read. would take from the Petitioners, and others, the right they

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. now' poflels of getting Limestone for their own use and be-

Ordered, That the three first of the said Papers be printed nefit: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by

for the Members of the House. their counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as may af-

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to fest them, and that the fame may not pals into a Law as it this volume. now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com-consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel,

Monday last. before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they

And tire fame was again read by Mr. Speaker. think fit.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

afiO|

Ordered, That Mr Barm have leave of absence for a fortnight, upon urgent private business; he having served upon the Select Committee for trial of the cleft ion.'

The other Orders of the day being read;

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejd/ved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself Waysand into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further

avow designs at once inconsistent with the obligations of good faith, and with the ellential interests of the British Empire; and that for these indignities and provocations H is Majesty has in vain demanded satisfaction and redress.

That, actuated by these lentiments, we feel that the trust rcpoled in us by a brave and loyal People, requires, on our part, a firm determination to co-operate with His Majesty in calling forth the resources of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous support of a cause in which arc involved the dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, the Rights and Liberties of His People, and all that is dear and valuable to us as a free and independent Nation.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Ques-tton, by leaving out from the word " commands," at the end of the first paragraph, to the end of the Question, in order to insert these words; "To assure His Majesty of our *3

proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necefihrics for the voyage.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,. Eleven of the clock.

A?.

C:;

h

h

C:

ti

<t[|

n

hi

h;

In

calamities of War, whenever that object can be accom- of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His plished confidently with the honour of His Majesty’s Majesty. ft

Crown, and the interests of His people; RefoThat this House will, this Day, resolve itself Bill for regu-That we have observed, with the strongest feelings of into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

indignation, that His Majesty’s endeavours have been fruf- regulating the Vessels carrying Passengersfrom the United paii'e^cr.t*

trated by that restless spirit of ambition and domination by Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations, and Settlements the Plaau-

which the Government of France have been led to advance abroad, or to Foreign parts, with rcl’p-ft to the number of ^nJ.. ft

pretensions the most extravagant and injurious, and to Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in

Martis, 24° die ft.

Anno 43® Georgii IIP11 Regis,. 1803, I1

PRAYIRS.

MB. Wilberforce presented to the House, according tO'KUanJ-cij"1* v Order, a Bill for dividing allotting, and inclosing Bill the several Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, presented., , ' Moors, and Waste. Grounds, within the Manor and Town- ft1

ship ‘.I

* T

40 IjrEO. HI.

24’ J/tfrt.

439

ship of Elland-cum - Greet land, in the Parish of Halifax, and West Riding of the County of York: And the lame Was' received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the BiJl be read a second time.

4

gatfey Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

Wiofure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

prclcoted.

‘ Ass*

Ln: C*r

vis!

kl.

Clifford Inclosure Bill, paired

Commons, Field Lands, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Bat/ey, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the tame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds; and certain of the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Wkitwell and Ha'ckford, in the County of

Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Afl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An irtgrofied Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Aflafton the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ajlafton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands,

Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the within the Parish of in the County of

County of York, was read the third time

The Amendments following were.severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 17. Leave out from " fame" to the end of

1. 21.

Pr. 37. 1. 3 Leave out * herein."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom Pontefra£V the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- pectit^r unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and resident reported, within the Town ships of Pontefract and Yanfhelf, in the

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That

Middleton

Inclosure Bill, jailed.

Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture,

the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Coleman being examined, said, That the Poor belonging to the said Townships of are become very nu-

merous, and are supported at a very great expence, and it is apprehended that if a proper and suitable Workhouse Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Mid-was provided for the reception of such Poor, and proper dleton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for powers given for their regulation, employment, and govern-making a compensation in, lieu of the Tythes thereof, and ment, it would not only be a great advantage Jo all per-

t. Ir-

fans paying to the Poor Rates of the fame Townships of Pontefrabl, but would tend to the better relief and

comfort of the Poor themselves: That there are alto within the said Townships several Hospitals, to which a considerable property in houses, lands, and rents appertain, and there are other properties in houses, lands, and rents/

of the ancient inclosed Lands in Middleton aforesaid, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the BUI; viz.

Pr. 11.1.19. To leave out from " tame" to " Provided" in 1. 23.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put which belong to the Poor of the said Townships at large.— thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was And the Witness further said, That the estates and pro-amended at the Table accordingly. perties above-mentioned, having for the most got into the

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, hands of individuals, at rents much below their value, and An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing^ the Open being in an unalienable state, the Inhabitants of the said' and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Townships are deprived of great part of the benefits which Waste Lands, within the Township of Middleton, in the might arise therefrom; but, if the fame were fold and dif-Parish of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of poled of to the best advantage, and the money arising York. therefrom applied to the use of the said Hospitals and

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the BUI to the Poor, the Petitioners apprehend the Poor Rates, which

®»ti Ire. fisheiy Bill, ’'ported.

Lords, and detire their concurrence.

Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 13th year of the reign of King the First, and in

the 13th year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers

are at present extravagantly high, would be considerably reduced, and that other advantages to the said Townships’ would accrue.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. B/ackburne of Lancafnre reported from the Com- Petition of mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Clothiers of

Yeign, Dart, and Plym, in the County of Devon, was com- names are thereunto subscribed, being Clothiers, or other

nutted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabie: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; arjd.

wife concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the tame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and hfc read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the* Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Lancashire, 1 for Provisioi in WooiJen

Manufatiu* rers Bill, reported

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to passed in the 3th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth,

?h't'"lland ^kfordln. ‘Mure Bill,

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. in-

grossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pal-ture Grounds, and certain of the Commons and Waste

intituled, "An Act, containing divers orders for Arti-" ficers. Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Appren-' * tices," was read :•—Arid,

Mr. William Midgley, of Baardfell, near , in

Lancaftire, Weaver, being examined, Was acted, Whether it was necessary that a person should serve seven years apprenticeship to be sufficiently matter of the trade of the

Lands, within the Parishes of Whitwell and Hackfordfxnthe WooiJen Manufactory; he said, No; thinks they would County of Norfolk, was read the third time. not be better qualified., boy of 12 years of age will’

V ot. 38. learn

4!

440 24* Mail.

A. 1803.

learn the art of weaving flannels in four years. There are boys of it years of age capable of weaving flannels; girls also of the lame age can weave, but they ought to be a little older than the boys, as not being so strong; that it is not customary to put boys and girls apprentice in general; some few are.—Being asked, Would the number of legal Apprentices in his neighbourhood be sufficient to work any quantity of goods required ? he replied, He believes not, by a tenth part or more; does not know there are any Weavers in that branch of manufacture out of employ; every one who applies for work may be employed; that it would not be for the advantage of parents to put their children apprentice, agreeable to the Act of the 5th of Elizabeth, because from 14 to 21 years of age, they are ^capable of earning their own subsistence, and help to bring up the younger part of the family.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill respecting ' the Woollen Manufacture is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill for extending to the County of the provisions thereof, so far as respects the repeal of the Statute of Elizabeth, concerning Apprentices in the Woollen Trade, according to the said Report.

YiUwoithy Mr. Charles Smith reported from the Committee, to rid-e Roid Xv^om Petition of the several Persons, whose names etifion, U arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the 'Parted. several Acts thereinafter mentioned, and Creditors upon

I the Tolls thereby granted, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined t the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

J report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

'j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deli-

;j veted it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was

; read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

■ passed in the 33d year of the reign of hie late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from in the Parish

*; . " of Davidstow, in the County of to the East:

' " end of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the

i " Weft end of Wadebridgeaforesaid into and through the

" Borough of Mitchell, in the said Countyand also, ij an Act, passed in the 22d year of His present Majesty,

i,- for continuing the said Act, were read :—And,

Mr. George BorlaJ'ebeing examined, laid, That con-; '! siderable turns of money have been borrowed on the credit

1 1 of the said Acts, which (till remained due, and cannot be

; repaid, and the said Roads properly amended, and kept in

repair, unless the said Acts, which are near expiring, be continued for a further term, and the Tolls and Powers thereby granted incrcaled and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for fur-f tlicr continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an

i Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ha lev.-or thy, in the Parish of in the County of Cornwall, to the East end of Wadebridge, and from the Weft end of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And that Mr. Charles Smith, Sir H'i'JiamLemon, and Mr. Gregor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.-tition of A Petition ot James Cooper and Thomas Cartwright, on "°Vn rS’ behalf of themselves, and other Proprietors of Beam Heath fim iif.nh Common, in the County Palatine of was presented

itioiurc Bil'. f|le I Joule, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing and improving the said Common'} and setting , 1 forth, That, should the fame pals into a Law, their rights

and properties in and upon the said Common will be most materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or count'd, against the said Bill, and that the lame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, agauni the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Hackney Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto pChurch i> 4 subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts therein- reported. ' after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afters wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ' fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of St. John at Hackney, in the County of and for building another Church and Tower for the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery, or Church-yard; and also, an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the above Act, were read :—And,

Mr. James Spillerbeing examined, said, That considerable progress hath been made in executing the powers of the said Acts, and in performing the several works thereby authorized and directed to be made arid done, but it is found that the money by the said Acts directed to be levied and raised, will not be sufficient to complete the purposes of the said Acts; that the powers and provisions of the said Acts have been found insufficient and defective, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended, enlarged, and explained.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging some of the provisions of an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed in the " thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for " taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the " Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Mid-" dlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for " the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional " Cemetery or Church-yard; and for raising a further " sum of money for completing the said Church, and " other works:" And that Mr. and Sir Francis

✓ o

Burdcttdo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Goswell Street and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ift and 23d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for v ~ making, widening, and repairing, the Road troin the North-East. fide of the Goswell Street Road, next in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog-house Bar, and at and from the

Dog-houseBar to the end of Chifzve Street, by the ArltR levy Ground, was read the third time.

lhe Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 31, To leave out from " applied" to " And," in Pr. 11. 1. 6.

Pr. 18.----- To leave out the whole of the Schedule.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the firtt and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North-east side of the Street Road,

next Islington, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog-hotfe Bar to the end of Chifzvell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing', the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, 1^, within the Manors of Edmondsham and Weflworth, within the Parish of Edmondsham, in the County of was

read the third time.

Resolved,

Ar

L

Mi

01.

«r.c

j

vs

Mr.

F;i

n J

oft

1'2

oft

T.

kn

ft

Pr

A:

Buv

h

Al.i

fc; i

Na

Sift

r>,

ta

- T

■ i:;i

-ftj

■*C

■I,

f\

li-

ft; i

ihi

PftV '

retts.

43 GeO. IlL

24°

441

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be* the Committoe (except the proprietor of 25 acre*, who An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, fefufed to lign the Bill; and that the whole of the land Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the affected by the Bill amounts to 729 acres; or thereabouts; Manors of Edmottd/ham and Weshvorth, within the Parish and that no person appeared before the Committee to

of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset: oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley do carry the Bill to the Lords; through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

Kjlwiftou Inclosure Bill* coaunitted.

end desire their concurrence;

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture?, Commons; Downs, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Mandr and Township, or District, of Kil, in the County of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashley, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dkehamptoa Roads Bill, failed.

unto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read this Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the' Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be ingrafted.

A Petition of the fevcfal Persons; whose names are there- petition tinto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands An ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering and Grounds within the Township of Kirk Ireton, in the Kirkirooii and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 33d County of Derby, and the Township of Callow, in the incioiure. year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the 22d year parish of ,in the same County, was presented

of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several to the'House, and read; setting forth. That, in pursuance

Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the County of ]eave granted by the House on the 8th day of March of Devon, was read the third time. last, notices have been given on the doors of the Parish

The Amendments following were severally proposed to Churches of and Kirk Ireton, on three Sundays

be made to the Bill; viz. in the months of March and April last, of an application

Pr. 1. 1. 28. Before " lame" to insert " and." being made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for

1; 30. To leave out from " enlarged" to the end dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, of 1. 31. called Moor, and other the Waste Lands and

1. 33. To leave out from u term" to " hereby," Grounds in the Townships or Liberties of Kirk Ireton in 1. 34. aforesaid: And therefore praying, That leave may be given

1, 1. To leave out from the beginning of the to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

line to " And," in Pr. 5. 1. 37. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-

the said Amendments were, upon the Question sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Pr. 2.

Pr.4.

And

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it thill appear Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. them, to the House:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. And it is referred to Mr. Mtitidy, Lord George An Act for continuing the term; and altering and en- Henry Cavettdish, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow larging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chambers year of the reign of his late Majesty,^ and in the twenty- and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

second year of the reign of His present Majesty; for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

kjmbieand The Earl 'Temple reported from the Committee, to whom OSA, ^or dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

’ and Common Fields; Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kim bid, and Ellesborough, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*, grofled.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Wormliiii the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, f^[ureBlU within the Liberty of IVormhill, in the Parish of in the County of Derby, was read the third time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 38. To leave out " herein," and insert ‘c by u the said recited Act, or this Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of kVormliili, in the Parish of Tidefivell, in the County of Derby. \

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

' I

General Lennox reported from the Committee, to whom BnghtheJm-the Bill to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brighthelmston, in ftoy Chapel the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

> 1

I '

’ )

• I

The Earl Temple reported from the Committee, to whom he his Place» and afterwards denned. ’’ the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open * J * ’ * ’ ’ ~’

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Liljloek, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, and allb to the adding of a new Commissioner, to the satisfaction of Vox.. 38.

L

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for regulating and converting the KimWi Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more R°»* Wi),

S U effectually

442

24°. Mail.

A. 1803.

Alloa harbour and Paving, &c.

Bill,

reported.

effectually making and repairing the Highways within the for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and improving the said County, was read the third time. Market Places within the Town of , and making

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, proper avenues thereto; for paving and improving the An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour said Town, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making Ouze in the said Town; and setting forth. That several of and repairing the Highways within the said County. the provisiorts of the said Bill, and the Rates thereby in-

Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine do carry the tended to be imposed, will be very injurious to the estates*

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. rights, and properties of the Petitioners, unless certain

exemptions, qualifications* and restridhiotls* ate inserted Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine do make the therein: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend by their couufel, or agents* against such parts of the said an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Bill as affect them, and that the said Bill may not pass

4:

asf

in if

A:

Op

Fail La of ( of i

lie

Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing,.and lighting, the Town of , and removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; for establishing a Market in the said Town, and fofr supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water, was committed.

Sir James St. Clair Erskine accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the

into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the com sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com-1 mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be dn Instruction to the said Corn-

er

A

r1 (B

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; mittee* That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fame and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di redted to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures* Trent inha. second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, pafljf11’

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed)

An ingfofied Bill for dividing, allotting, Regulating, dnd Sutton up.»)

. 1 A M M 4-1. . A J f a. m A X m M X>^ /X. . l*An ► 1 •« . [ . V

>| Leave of * Absence.

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George William

Evelyn have further leave of absence for one month, on account of his health.

; Stafford and ‘ Cheller Roads Petition, reported.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees and Creditors, under two Acts, passed in the 9th and 29th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads from

in the County of Nottingham, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; *vizt

Pr. 55. 1. 37. To leave out " to be made are,’* and insert " of the said Commissioners are " by the said recited Act, or this Act," instead thereof.

1. 38. After " conclusive," to insert " and e£* * cept in such cases where an issue at * Law shall be tried as hereinbefore " directed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

.a

Ki

_ ft

crci: csr.t

’ ?:;■ c:K.

it:.

•cT

3:"1 1

LA;

k:i:

the end of the County of Stafford, to and through Nant- severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House: And the wich, to the City of Chester, so far as the fame relates to Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, the First District of the said Roads, was referred; That Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing* ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, in the mined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. An ingrossed Bill for dividing,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, Acts were read :—And, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Mr. Richard Edleston, senior, being examined, laid, That Parish of Cajile Bytham, in the County of Lincoln, was read

allotting,

and inclosing.

Cattle Bythmi Inclosure Bill; paired.

C;:

a considerable progress hath been made in the repair of the Roads within the said First District in the said Acts mentioned, and that several considerable sums of money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, and which sums, together with the said Tolls, have been applied to the purposes in the said Acts mentioned; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and maintained, and the money borrowed on the credit of the said Tolls repaid, unless the term of the said Acts be further extended, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-

the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 44. 1. 8. To leave out " herein," and insert " by " the said recited Act, or this Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

T

v

tinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers Bytham, in the County of Lincoln.

of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 29th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein mentioned, from the end of the County of Stafford, to and through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, so far as the fame relates to the First District of the said Roads: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the Bill to the

petition of Karl of Ash-■uirnhaTii, &c. against Bedford Paving, &c.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common pa*,!, and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow, in the A Petition of the Earl of Ashburnham, and the humble Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby, be now read the Petition of the several other Persons, whose names are third time;

thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tene- Mr. William Dundas (by His Majesty’s command) ac-ments, situate in or near the Town of Bedford, was pre- quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill formed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent,

11 as

-jQ IjEO. ill.

24° Mail

443

as &ras His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House door 5 he was called in; and, at the Baf, presented to the may do therein as they shall think fit. ■> House, pursuant to their Orders,

Then the said Bill was read the third time. Returns of the number of Freeholders fegiftered by the Returns of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties of Freeholders.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, r '

Open Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadow?, registered .* And also, «. a of'

J J An Abstract of the said Returns: And alto, Ditto.

Copies of all such Evidence, and other Proceedings, as Evidence, &c, were taken or had by the Commissioners of Accounts £ommission-in Ireland, previous to making their 28th Report, pre- ers for paving-tented to the House of Commons upon the 6th day of Dublin. April Jafi, respecting the Accounts (to the 5,th day of January 1802) and conduct of the Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublintogether with Copies of all such other Evidence

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several distinguishing the numbet of each Clals of Freeholders so

vr... __________ nd ' ' " . * . " ‘ -

Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

BiHopof An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<5fc

BriiiolsWbt* for yelling part of the Estates deviled by the Will of o

Ml,read. Christopher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be and Proceedings taken or had since the date of the said fold, and for laying out the money arising by such lale in Report by the said Commissioners of Accounts,'as relate to the purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same uses, the said Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing,

v

a

it

Dipl, for Second JUading of Bill to punish Offenders destroying Ships, Uz,

IVtition in favour of Exeter Road!

Bill.

was read the first time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual provision for the punishment of offences, in wilfully calling away, burning, or destroying, Siiips and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies 5 and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, be read a second time Tommorrow.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of 'Tiverton and Custompton, and Places adjacent on the East fide of the River Exe, and near the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read j taking notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and CounteJ's Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto t And praying, that the fame may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

and lighting, the Streets of Dublin

And then he withdrew 5 and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Otdered, That the said Abstract be printed for the Members of the House. Appendix,

The said Returns and Abstract* are inserted in the *(No. 55.) Appendix to this volume; and the said Copies of Evidence and other Proceedings f are also in- J-(No.43.) ferted.

A Bill for more speedily completing the Militia of Militia Com-Great Britain raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for coinmi amending the said Acts, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thurselay xlext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

County I Bridges Bill, deterred.

f C."

I !•'■

iii

;o

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill for De-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the ported. Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures, as may be necessary for that purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had r , . r,r directed him to report to the House; and he lead the

efotvid. That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself J^ejlort jn lfis place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

The Order of the day being lead, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties;

Cwimitfee on

kui for iannir Vessels crying-' Wengers the plan, fetioas.

J ’

J

into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respedi to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* nients thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be, received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to regu-Hofdeitd.1 k*e the mode of Appeal from the High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, in matters of Prize: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir William Scott, and Mr, William,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

consideration Tommorrow.

A Motion was made, That leave be given to bring a Bill for the better protection of the Trade of this

in

Kingdom.

Motion for a Bill for Protection of Trade, referred to a Committee.

jfeWU

kp«r>,

ftfcsicA

A

The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary For Ireland, attended at the Voi. 5?,

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. The Lords Popham c have pahe<l

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of effectuating an Exchange, subject to the approbation of Hon'S^Ex* * >’

the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate change*bul"; ‘ in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, fitUate at Sheffieldi in the County of 7ork, and George Benson Strutt,

Esquire; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the first time. Bill read,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time*

THe

444

24*—25° Mail

A. 1803.

urther Pa-ers relative d Discussions vith France, >rc tented*

The Lord Hawkejhury presented to the House, by His liberties of His People* and all jhft is de^r and valuable

Appendix,

(No. Si-)

Majesty’s command,

N° i. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth, to Lord Rawkesbury, dated London, May 2dth 1803: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Lord Whitworth, dated Paris, May 12th 1803; and Tranila-tion 1 And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Note from Lord Whitworth to M. Talleyratid, dated Paris, May 12th 1803; and Traftfla-tion.

Together with a List of the said Paperss And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table!

The Papers, of which there are Translations, are pre-served amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, together with the

to us as a free and independent Nation.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up ah Committee Address, to be presented to His Majesty; upon the said lie-

solution: «witup.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Hazvkef-bwry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William Pitt,

Lord VII'count Cajllereagh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr.

Gorry, Mr. Thomas Grenville, Mr. Windham, Mr. Wickham, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Riley Addington, Mr. Bond, Mt. Dallas, Mf. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hobhouse, Lord Viscount Dunlo Mr. Long,

the Lord Glenbervie, the Lord Hervey, Mr. Canning, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Lawrence Par forts, Mr.

Wallace, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Adams,

C

incl

Ci;i

lii

(■;<

'I

ik

ip;

t:'

Pc!

other Paper, are inferred in the Appendix to this Mr. Golding, Mr. Eft court, or any five of them: And they

1__________ ^____a________ :_______i* K ____

volume

Address for

4; l)ebate on *, Amendment v to Motion for ! Address on; King's Mcf-: sage relative 1 to France,

.1" resumed*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His relive to Di? Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give di-fiillions with" reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of France. such Kepresentations as His Majesty’s Government may

1 have made, or directed to be made, to the Batavian

I Republic, or to the French Government, touching the

I continuance of the French Troops within the limits of the

| Batavian Republic; together with such Answers as His

I Majesty’s Government have received, either from the British

I Ambassador at Paris, or from the French Government or

I Batavian Republic, on that subject.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Amendment, which was, yesterday, proposed to be made to the Motion, for an humble Address to be presented to His Majesty, upon taking into consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House of the 16th day of this instant May, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out. Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Attorney General,

(Mr. Bond:

Tellers for the Noes Whitbread,

tellers for the es,^Mn of:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message, and for the communication of the several Papers, which have been laid before them, in obedience to His Majesty’s commands:

To allure His Majesty of the just sense we entertain of His Majesty’s anxiotis and uniform endeavours to preserve to His People the blefiings of Peace, and of our perfect confidence in His Majesty’s dispofltion to terminate the calamities of War, whenever that object can be accom-plished conliftently with the honour of

ire to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be King's \fefj referted to the said Committee! «ge referred.

398*

67.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- indemnity xng of the ingrossed LI ill, lor indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into exe- ' sic.) * cution certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the exportation of Seed Corn to Norway, be now read.-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the exportation of Seed Corn to

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Pill so the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Redemption upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in , A£U, the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consoli- ®efcrr ’ dating the provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax;

And the House having continued to fit till after Four of the clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the clock.

r< 4 3

■ Ik

3 C:

Tu:

hi

Is

t:

:;ji

r

d * ;:J

(b

T.]

Adcireft refolded on.

Mcrcurii, 25* die Maii;

Anno 43* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. Mttndy reported from the Committee, to whom the petition repetition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of i,«0a indo-Lands and Grounds within the Township of Kirk Ireton,

the honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the interests of His People:

That we have observed, with the strongest feelings of in the County of Derby, and the Township of in

indignation, that His Majesty’s endeavours have been fruf- the Parish of Wirksworth, in the same County, was referred; trated by that restless l'pirit of ambition and domination L"J 1 - -- - -c

by which the Government of France have been led to advance pretensions the most extravagant and injurious.

furs,

reported.

C:>r

r.:>; b.:

and to avow designs at once inconsistent with the obligations of good faith, and with the essential interests of the British Empire; and that for these indignities and provocations, His Majesty has in vain demanded satisfaction and red refs:

That, actuated by these sentiments, we feel that the trust reposed in us by a brave and loyal People requires, on our part, a firm determination to co-operate with His Majesty in calling forth the resources of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous support of a cause in which are involved the dignity of His Majesty’s Crown, the rights and

That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had di reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Sinckler Porter being examined, laid. That in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 8th day of March last, notices have been given on the doors of the Parish Churches of Wirksworth and Kirk Ireton, in the County of Derby, on three Sundays in the months of March and April last, of an application being made to Parliament, for leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and

inclefing.

I ‘

■v.

yJ*

b!e

an Conss*

le- f*-

Cttij

Vlr.

Mr.

iar-

me

Mr.

fcej

er.

be^:"

25° J/«wY.

Kjl ordered.

ons

ivi!

-wra

be,

:ja*

ders

rUfl-

Wi!»n Inch fu re recommitted

Bill,

reported.

*tOVjJiO. ill*

inclosing, a certain Common called Callow , and other the Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Liberties of Kirk Jr el on, in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of W in the County of

Derby.

The House was moved, That the former Petition of the said several Perkins, which was presented to the House upon the last day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill far dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Wal-- ton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of was re-committed; That the Committee had made one other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one-by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

445

of Worthing, in the County of Sussex; for retrioving and preventing annoyances and obstructions therein; and for ella-blishing an effective Police in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Faversham powers, of two Acts, palfed for amending and widening the Roads.^il,

t> ji j- r i . i t» n i, i ° i n. 6 r committed.

Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the town or Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Baron's Water to Holy Lane, in Wine heap, near the City of bury, in the County oiKent, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Calcraft, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for repealing so much of an Act, passed BUI to repea in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti- ^Pier and tuled, " An Act for building a Pier at in the Me Paving Ait,

" of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, im- P*®*1,

" posing, and recovering certain Duties for the supporting,

" maintaining, and keeping in repair, the said Pier; for

Mr. Howard to report Greenhill

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the term. Mm rand Ha an^ alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, puffed in theriage the 2 lit year of the reign of His present Majesty, for re-Road* Bill, pairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield

* paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, " and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other * public Passages and Places, within that part of the Parish " of Minfier, in the said Me of Sheppy (which lieth near

" His Majesty’s Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheermfs) " cailed Blue Town, and Mile Town; and for preventing " nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein as authorizes the Commissioners, or any Person or Persons therein named, to take or carry away any gravel, stones, ballast, sand, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William A.fion, Lord of the Manor of in the Me of

Sheppy, in the County of Kent, within or near the limits to which the Regulations of the said Act extend, without paying any thing for the fame, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the

3U!fr-J") i’K-

Turnpike Road, near Stony Middleton, to Tot ley, all in fort iirft year of His present Majesty, for building a Pier trie County of Derby, and aHo for making two new at Sheerness, in the Me of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and

iia.

lot*

Be-

■our

'Si

Branches from the said Roads to in the said County,

and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of was committed.

Whitechapel Road Bill, imported.

for other purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any gravel, stones, ballast, land, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belouging to William A/fion, Lord of the Manor of Minfier, in the said Me of Sheppy, without Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom paying any thing for the fame, the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the

ing the powers of an Act, passed in the 25th year of the Lords, and desire their concurrence, reign of His present Majesty, fir amending and keeping

in repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answer to County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and the furthermost their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would be Addreu.

part of the Parish ol Woodford towards Epptng, and from graciously pleased to give directions, that the Papers the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had the said Parish of Wcoodford, next Chrgwe/l, and^ through^ been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had

commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

tJf'

j'&l

w

fltf

:;k

pil

j!t

h-,ng. &c. Rill,

PfcL

the Pari (lies of Chigwell and in the County of

Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four mile stones in the Rum-ford and Woodford'Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

f . An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watch-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, liiftockfn-the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Blll> Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lilfiock, in the County of Somerset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lilfiock, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Shazv Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Combertoiq Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Comberton, in

Little

Iqclosure Bli reported.

ing, and improving, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Com-Places, within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the County of mitteehad examined, and found that the Standing Orders Suffix-, for removing and preventing annoyances, encroach- of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been comments, and obstructions therein; and for establishing an plied with; and that the Committee had examined the effective Police in the said Hamlet, was read the third Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; time. and that the parties concerned had given their content to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and im- Proprietors of 46 acres and 2 roods of Land, who refused proving the Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietor* of 40 acres, who V 01.58. 5 X were

t

446

25° MaiL

A. 1803.

ommittee on Iarkham's )ivorcc Bill.

Committee

County

fridges Bill.

were neuter; and that the whole of the Lands Intended to be indofed consists of 654 acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before tire Committee to oppose the BillJ > and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1-louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend George MarkhaDean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Ward reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, for the Laid Bill •, and that no counsel, or party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had clirested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing, of County Bridges, and other works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeffone, and Lound, in the County of

Suffolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hozvard reported from the Committee, to whom Arundel

the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and improving, RoailsB1lt» the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of rc‘^rt<: Arundel to the junction of the and Pulborough

Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittlevvorth Common, in the County of Siffex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true •, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

Mr. Hozvard reported from the Committee, to whom the Greenhill Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 21ft year of the reign of His pre- Roads Bill,

'he Lords > ive agreed to

ilver Bullion ill.

Pent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present i^Ported* Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hjtherfage, and from the Chefi afield Turnpike Road, near Stcney Middleton, to Tetley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new Branches from the said Roads to Bqflozv, in the {laid County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatherjage,

Hope, and Cafileton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CLik's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question icverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

’-don Road ili.

L’rwent

Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh year, and in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the lload from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hil-derftone to Draycott-in-the-Moors, and from Wetiy Rocks to

Yean, in the said County of Stafford; without any Amend- relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, ac-ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over tire River Derwent, at or near

3;. > iki it:

J!:

re-

cording to

the leave granted by the House on the 4th day March last; and that the Committee

/orVf )r- In-?sure Bill* '.th Amend-

oincrWton, r. Inciolure •■11, with

->.• ’pv.nts.

Loftffme Ferry, from the Parish of Wreffel, to the oppositc fltore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and unin-closed Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham-, with (ome Amendments; to ■which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Heaths,

of March last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Lund the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed. .

A Bill

h

Cc:

Mr.

t':;

L

.13.

V:,

ra.

A

fi:

At

A;

*47y

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Ca"f0.nr,*tgj!i the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Townships of Canton and in the

Parish of Ganton, and the Township of Binnington, in the Parish of Wilier by, in the East Hiding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

■C;, ■jjf;

'I rV

x

■•in

r

<!c

, X|

of

its

131:

01

VJJfiU. 111.

25° M

447

potttrNewton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons inciofure Bill, ancj Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within

comuutte . ^janor and Township of Poster Netvton-cum-Gibton, in with an Account of the strength by the Hydrometer at

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits exported from the. Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of which such Spirits were exported, and the Amount of Draw-York, was read a second time. back claimed and granted thereon; distinguishing the dif-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberfcrce, ferent Ports in whence such exportations were made, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this After- and the different Ports in England to which such Spirits

to

.c,

'A

by

ere

in*

Upton Scudamore Inclosure Bill» committed.

Soldiers, Src. Relief Bill, deferred.

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Upton Scudamore, otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Mr. Penruddocke Wyr.dham, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to count of the Quantity of Walli distilled by such entered

were sent, from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1893.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Stills licensed in Scotland, distinguishing those for the supply of the Highlands, and those for the manufacture of Spirits in the Diflridts called The Lowlands, with the Rate of Licence attaching to each, from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of tire Stills entered in Scotland, and where situated, for the manufacture of Spirits for the English Market, from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803.

in?

Distilieries in Scotland for the English Market, distinguishing the Quantities at each separate Distillery, fiu’m January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits permitted from such Distillevies to England, distinguishing particularly those sent

Import of Biii for Defence of the

[Id

for

y'

;d

h

.,1

;.ci

:"il

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

I An Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the

I Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, be now

| read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself from each of them, from January 5th 1802 to January 3th into the said Committee. 1S03.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further count of the Quantity of Spirits imported into England from consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole , particularizing the strength of such Spirits by the

Rtjira, further House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty more dike- Hydrometer, the different Distilieries in Scotland whence toahdered. tually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, such Spirits were exported, and the Amount of Duty during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who charged and paid thereon, from January 5th 1802 to may suffer in their property by such measures as may be January 5th 1803. liecessary for that purpose, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Order of Malta, in Spain; and also of the time when the A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Vo- fame became known to His Majesty’s Government, lunteer Corps shall not be liable to be called out by the Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Ma-General of the District, except in certain cases. jesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty'$

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Ques- most Honourable Privy Council, tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

part of the Bili. That an humble Adc!refs be presented to His Majesty, that

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- He will be graciously pleaded to give directions, that there grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Addresses, ar.c Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give direc- Motion, for tions, that there be laid before this House, a Statement of the date of the Act of the Spatnfh Government, annexing with France. 1

to the Royal Domain the Langues and Possessions of the

taunts re-

toft to the ®*iilleiy or. •itrei

,r

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Distilieries in Ireland, specifying where each is situated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

be laid before this House, Copies of such Representations as have been made by His Majesty’s Government to the French or Spanish Governments, respecting the said Langues and Possessions of the Order of Malta, in Spain;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His

u

count of the number of Stills in each Distillery in Ireland, Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give direc-and their contents. tions, that there be laid before this 1 Joule, such Information

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-' as may Ibew what Answer was returned by His Majesty’s count of the number of Gallons of Spirits which have Government to the Proposal of the Emperor of Russia to paid Duty in Ireland, in the year ending 5 th January 1803, accede to the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, on the with the amount of the Duty. Conditions there specified.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

or

.ji

iJ

.1.; t '• I

f.U

i;i

rd

Jill

count of the number of Rectifying Distilieries in Ireland, and where situated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the ndmber of Stills in each Rectifying Distillery in Ireland, and their contents.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Gallons of gross Spirits permitted to each Rectifying Distillery in Ireland, in the year ending 5th January 1803, and the number of Gallons of Rectified

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pursuant further pa. to their Address to His Majesty, toDY^r*

N° 1. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. to Lord with'/ranee"* Hawkesbury, dated the Hague, November 5th 1S02: And Pruned, allb,

N° 2. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Liston to Lord

Spirits permitted out of each Rectifying Distillery in Ire- Hawkesbury, dated the Hague, November 12th 1802: And hud, in the course of the same year. also,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- N*3- Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to count of the Amount of Allowances made to the Distillers LoidHawkesbury, dated Paris, December 13th 1802: And in Ireland, by way of per-Centage, on the Duty or otherwise; also,

distinguishing allb, the Amount in the different Districts in N° 4. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkef-Ireland',from January cth 1802 to January 5th 1803. bury, dated Paris, December 13th 1802: And allb,

, Vat. 38. N-*.

448

25" Mali

A. 1803.

A*p endixy No 53.)

ling’s Mef-.gc* rrbtive 5 calling out :ie Supplementary Militia.

N° 5. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Liston to Lord Hawkcsbury , dated the Hague, January 11th 1803.

Together with a list of the said Papers.

And the said lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that he has judged it necessary to adopt, without delay, all the means within His Power which may contribute to defeat the avowed designs of the Enemy, and to afford the most effectual protection and security to His faithful People.

In pursuance, therefore, of the Aifts of Parliament, enabling His Majesty to increase the number of His Militia Forces, His Majesty makes this communication to the House of Commons, to the end that His Majesty may cause the Supplementary Militia to be forthwith raised and enrolled, and thereafter to be drawn out, and embodied, and marched as occasion may require.

11.

d cl re is hereupon.

Consideration Newcastle-inder-Lyme Fie63ion Pe-

‘.ition,

burred.

Confide ration of Radnor Flfction Petition, deferred.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message, which affords a fresh proof of His Majesty’s unceasing solicitude for the security and welfare of His People.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th day of April last, for taking into confident ion. Tommorrow, the Petition of Jcffk , Gentleman, one of the Electors of the Borough of

Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and of several other Electors of the said Borough, whole names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Oliver Beckett, Efcjuire, tcverally complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into con-dcration upon Friday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again lent to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th day of April last, for taking into consideration. Tomorrow, the Petition of John Macnamara, of

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Friday next.

Resolved, That w'hen the House shall have proceeded, of upon Friday next, to the appointment of Select Committees for the trial of the several Petitions which are ap- to be reported, pointed to be taken into consideration upon that day, and the names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be set aside; and that a list of the names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the house, at such time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Resolved, That upon the Report of the lift of the names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose non-attendance on the appointment of the said several Seletft Committees, a sufficient excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, Hull be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of custody without the special Order o( the house.

Ordered, That there be laid before this house, Copies Account*re. or Abstracts of the Accounts transmitted weekly for the ^Corn’ last ten years, pursuant to the 3lit C:o. III. c. 30. § 80. by the Collectors or principal Officers of the Customs, at every Port in Great Britain, of the quantities of the several forts of Corn (particularly distinguishing Barley, and

Beer or Bigg, or Chester) or cf Malt, Ivleal, or Flour,

shipped in their respective Ports, and the Ports or Places in Great Britain to which such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour (distinguishing as above) was intended to be carried; also, of the Accounts of the quantities of the several forts of Com, Malt, Meal, or Flour, brought Coastwise each week into each such Port, and the name of the Port or Place from whence the fame was brought. " '

Mr. IViliinmDundas reported from the Committee, ap- Address re-

pointed, yt.ftcrday, to draw up an Address to be presented jCeed to* to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, heg leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most gracious Message, and for the communication of the several Papers which have been laid before us, in obedience to Your Majesty’s commands.

We allure Your Majesty of the just sense we entertain of Your Majesty’s anxious and uniform endeavours to preserve to Y our People the blc(Tings of Peace, and of our perfect confidence in Your Majesty’s disposition to terminate the calamities of War, whenever that object can be accomplished confidently with the honour of Your Majesty’s Crown, and the interests of Your People.

We have observed, with the (trongeft feelings of indignation, that Your Majesty’s endeavours have been fruf-trated by that restless spirit of ambition and domination,

Cajile, in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining of by which the Government of France have been led to ad-an undue election and return for the County of Radno>, vance pretensions the most extravagant and injurious, and

might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Friday next, at half an hour after Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the parties; with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

to avow designs at once inconsistent with the obligations of good faith, and with the essential interests of the British Empire; and that for these indignities and provocations, Your Majesty has in vain demanded satisfaction and redrefi.'

Adluated by these sentiments, we feel that the trust reposed in us by a brave and loyal People requires, on our part, a firm determination to co-operate with Your Majesty in calling forth the resources of the United Kingdom for the vigorous support of a cause, in which are in-

volved the dignity of Your Majesty’s Crown, the rights ;> !, ('referral, The House was moved. That the Order, made upon and liberties of Your people, and all that is dear and va-Thursday last, for calling over the House, Tommorrow, luable to us as a free and independent Nation, might be read. The said Address being read a second time;

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Cotn-

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. puttee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

6

h

L

V..

■ M

jil

•P

r tj

Or

w-

Yt

ill

i|l

f4,

-k

J, Nasor

1. "vr-r-K'zk-

y, * '

f) k, res id

ies

rCt

a!-

en

:;:.s

43 Geo. llli

25°—26"

449

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council do humbly know His Majesty’s pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Bill rc/peiHng East India Company's Ship*, deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An " Act for regulating the manner in which the United " Company of Merchants o {Etrading to the East " Indies shall hire and take up ship$

" Service'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the C!

better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Glenbervie, Lord Viscount CafilereaghMr. Wickham, and Mr. Nicholas Fanjrttart, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

SupD/y*

deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved,' That this House will, upon Friday next* re-solve itself into the said Committee.

< Aral

\Vr» ys and

Kleans,

deferred.

50.

ur, :es 0 r

IT-

The Order of the day being read* for the House to re*-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday next* re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Commit! _ _ House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, £'n(i°Ta

for their regular passed in the 4zd year of His present Majesty’s reign, lor ReJempt consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax-.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorrow Morning. Ten of the clock.

n

to

w

'Jt

as,

eat

ii>i

:aia

to

mi*

be

IE*

ml*

d

■iJ'L

oa

O’Jt

in*

J#

toil to punish An ingrossed Bill Front the Lords, intituled, An Act for ma'Kme more effectual provision for the punishment of T5 'P>> offences in wilfully catting away, burning, or destroying, toomit'ed. Ships and Vessels. and for the more convenient trial of Accelfaries in Felonies, and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manflaughcers, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

r- William Diindas, according to Order, reported from car^m/ptf! The Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lc"strs.to the regulating the Vdfels carrying Passengers from the United kiwaT* ^ingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he head the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, rvith the Amendments, irt at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by <5ne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Friday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a I® for Pro.* ‘ Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, tt;noi»of made yesterday, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he Was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com--tnrttee. That he was directed by the Committee to move Vet. 58.

Jovis, 26° die

Anno 43® Georgii III. U Regis, 1803,

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answer* u> their Addresses of yesterday (that His Majesty would AM1’6*5"-be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That

their Address of yesterday (to return His Majesty the'

Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message of that day) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most gra-cioufty.

Lord Viscount Stopford like wife reported to the House, The King That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s the Home* pleasure, when He would be pleased to lie attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this j

day, at half an hour after Three of the clock, at His Palace of Saint fames.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Bill foresta-Order, a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their '

Successors, by the name of " The Fishing Company," for

Company,

more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and prefcmed.; for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment: And the fame was received , and read the fxrft time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

I/mcing inclosure Bi pftiented.

Mr. Porter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Sussex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of Francijca Price, of in the County petition of of Flint, Widow, Guardian of her Son Francis Richard Mrs. Price, Price, Esquire, an Infant, was presented to the House, and (better read; taking notice of the Bill to continue the term, and Bill-alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 17th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodjide , and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of

5 Y

450

26* Mail.

A. 1803.

Ckefier; and setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Guardian their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Com-of her laid Son. is entitled to the said iVoodftde Ferry; and mittee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land that several of the Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill Tax at £.6. os. 4 per ,who refuted to sign the would, if passed into a Law, be disadvantageous to his pro- Bill); and that the whole property belonging to persons perty; And therefore praying to be heard, by her counsel, interested in the inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into f. 107. per annum; and that no person appeared

a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her counsel, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if (he thinks fit. "

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-*

before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thenasecond time, mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said upon, were agreed to by the House.

Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Gom-mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

intendments Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, :yton|e&c. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-'

Ordered, That gross'ed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Mr. titmryLafcelles reported from the Committee, to Yndon

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Moor, called Tendon , and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Yeadon, in

inclosure Bill, reported.

43

‘E

‘Ml!

"p 3 I

ilk’ll

’ poJi

, nors aiiiu VefE Fcbi tkti as hr 13 M,

-i

' ick

7-ai

feign jeU aniii

nciofure Bill, mon Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the the Parish of ift the West Riding of the County

greed to.

several Parishes of Somerleyton, and hound, in

the County of Suffolk.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 1. In the interlineation, leave out " finally," Pr. 39. 1. 30. Leave out " herein."

The said Amendments being severally read a second

of York, was committed That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

\l\

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

tlwott" Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, inclosure Bill, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several agreed to. Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 8. Leave out from " lame," to " Provided,"

, ini. 13.

Pr. 47. 1. 5. Leave out " herein."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

imble and lciborough do l ure Bill, iled.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and,

in the County of Buckingham, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; an&afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Further ron-Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th cottonMa-and 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes nu&aurw* between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, were referred, be taken into further consideration this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to amend, and render Bin to imml more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, be read the third time this Afternoon.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, reloive Militiac<m'

feet

MH,

■V;

Or

A]

Pei tons, deferred.

potion

Bill

k

'I

'■i

ti

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the County whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying certain de-fefts in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of \

Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellesborough, in the County County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at theex-©f Buckingham. , pence of the Inhabitants of Counties, was committed, be

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the received this Afternoon.

Lords, and desire their concurrence. Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve Soidim, &c.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ^e'icf tifbury Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do make the Report from further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. An deterK ‘ ofure Bill, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting. Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives

c* and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned.

Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty Bill for Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of fhS, Spett/bu>y, in the County of Dorset, was committed. the Realm during the present War; and for indemnifying deferred-

Mr. John Fane accordingly reported from the said Com- Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures

n.S:oTltiee crxam!ned» a? ma? b* P^eirary for that purpose, be read the third

the bunding Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- time this Afternoon

‘/.f PSM the Committee Or;W.TW the Bill to explain and amend an Act Jill

had «*mmed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty's reien, inti- *IndU lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given tuled, "An a a- u.iil i_____

An Act for regulating the manner in which the ship*.

United Mk

VJi!iU» 111.

2 6° Mail.

451

#11 fr> punish

Oii't'icifrs

k.oy^g Sfii'i, kc-ii'arcd.

" United Company of Merchants of England, trading to Ordered, That the Order, made this day; for the third Bill to amend " the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their re- reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more " gular Service," be read a second time this Afternoon. effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Spiritual'0 R:J'o/ved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the in- on their Benefices, be now read. Pa e

ft!!, to amend Li I id Tax

graded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual provision for the punishment of offences, in wilfully calling away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies, and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Olaule was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, To provide for the granting of Licences during the vacancy of any See.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring. That the Act shall not re* llrain Bishops from granting Licences to Persons serving as

AiS«cr""d. an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s licefifed Preachers in Proprietary Chapels

i !¥

Reign,/for conloiidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, was committed, be received this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the clock this Afternoon.

A.Tiver 10 Add/ifs.

Inr: of Absence.

Th? Lords luv* agreed to

Militia t-nilks Bill.

•‘^"crrunt, ’frivolous AfrtiU BUI,

And the said Clause was read the first time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a second time;

It passed in the Negative-.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That Spiritual Persons preferited to Livings after the passing of the A«fl, shall reside, or provide a resident Curate.

And the said Cfeufe was read the first time:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That Parishes shall have the same power of Appeal as Spiritual Persons:

And the said Clause was read the first time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a second time;

It passed in the Negative;

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 12. Alter " use," to insert *l unless tffe

" fame shall have been t&keh, received; " or holden, under a lease granted to " such person on or before the ill " day of January 1803; or."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

S°

I. Rttfiml

tellers for the Yeas, £3^2^ }

*+*». } S*

So it was refolred in the Affirmative; and that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for en forcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England*

Ordered, That Sir Williant Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ion, de-

frmiaed.

JV'

.r

• s> \

Post Meridiem.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty, this day, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return j'ou My warmed Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address.

It is highly gratifying to Me, to receive these assurances of your firm and cordial support, in the prosecution of the.

Contest in which I am lieceflarily engaged, for maintaining the Honour of My Crown, and for preferring the dearest Rights and Interests of My People*

Ordered, That Mr. Stnrges hare leave of absence for a fortnight, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Sclent Committee for trial of the Taunton Election.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

Popham:

Mr* Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for conloiidating, and amending, the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of the Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in Certain cases.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Mr. Thomas Wyndham, from the Select Committee ap-* pointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefehted to the William Bowles the younger, Esquire, and Henry Bonham-, House, pursuant to their Address td His Majesty, SSuiUons*

Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for N° i. Copy of a Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to Sir with France, the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, John Wafrert, dated January 2.9th 1803: And also, prese*ted.

informed the House, N" a. Copy of a Note from Lord Hawkesbury to the

That the said Committee have determined. Vice Chancellor Count A Worozoffi dated January 19th

That Robert Craufurd, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur4 1803.

' Together \frith a List of the said Papers*

And the said Lift was read. .

Ordered, That the said Papers dd lie Upon the Table*

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House* .

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume*

i*

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Committee have determined, That John Jaffray, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess td serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Committee have determined. That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House*

Vol. 58,

Appendix,

(No* j,3.)

Mr. Alexander prefehted to the tJoufe, according to ^/°r<£ro* Order, a Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Trade, on?-

Kingdom;

452

26° Mali.

A. 1803.

Kingdom: And the fame was received j and read the first of such Duties; and that such allowance of £.16 centum

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

is a Bounty to the Distiller; and that, by the Act for the Union of Great Britain and it is in and by the

sixth Article provided, "That, from and after the ift day of " January 1801, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the ex-" port of articles, the growth, produce, and manufacture. The Order, made this day, for taking into further con- " of either Country; to the other, fir all cease and deter-sideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, •" mine; and that the said'articles shall thenceforth be Cotton Man a- *° wh°in the several Petitions presented to this House in " exported from one Country to the other without Duty rafturm Peri- this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th and 40th year " or Bounty on such exportand that the said Bounty nous, deferred. His present Majesty, for settling Disputes between of £.16 centum is not countervailed by the Duty upon

Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manu- Spirits imported from Ireland into tpecified in the

r r\ r ii* 1 c-i j -1 - - 1 a . r r.... i. a i c

further Collide rat ion of Report on

facture, were referred, being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Mill tin Completion Bill, deferred.

County Bridges Bill, deferred.

Schedule number one A, part of the said sixth Article of the said Act of Union; and that the continuance of such Bounty to the Distiller is contrary to the said Act of Union, and therefore the Petitioners humbly conceive, The Order, made this day, for the House to resolve itself that lb much of the said Act of the Irish Parliament ot ti e into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign as is before re*-■more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, cited, ought to be repealed, or the said Bounty ought to raised under two Acts, passed in the 42d year of the reign be count ervailed; and that a part of the Drawback aUo-ved of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, on the exportation of Spirits from Ireland to was

being read; fixed, upon the suppotition that the whole of the grain uled

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself in manufacturing Spirits in Ireland should be malted, into the said Committee. whereas permission has been granted to the Irish Distiller

to use a proportion of grain in an unmalted (late, in the The Order, made this day, for receiving the Report from manufacture of Spirits; and that such permission to use the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for unmaked grain operates as an abatement of Duty on remedying certain defects in the Laws relative to the build- Spirits to the Distiller, and ought, as the Petitioners ing and repairing of County Bridges, and other works, conceive, to be countervailed oil importation to England, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, by virtue of the said sixth Article of the Act of Union, was committed, being read; which provides. That it shall be competent to the United

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow. Parliament to impoie any new or additional countervailing

Soldiers, Sic. Bflicf BiJl, deferred.

The Order, made this day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, being on Spirits in Ireland being fixed without any reference to

• 1 > 1 1 -v n 11 1

Duties, as may appear to he just and reasonable, in respect of any abatement ot Duty on any article, the growth, pio-duce, or manuta&ure, ot either Country, or on any ma* terials of which such article may be composed; and that* as well from the cauies before^mentioned, as from the Duty

Bill for Defence of the Realm, palfed.

r.xOrd Roden's *!rtate Bill, ommitted.

of

:{tillers in *,7^nd.

read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpofp, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose.

Ordered, That Air. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of part of the Estates of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the intent and purposes therein mentioned, and fot' settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same uses, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lee, Mr. Rragree, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

APeti tion of Mefiieurs Hatch, Smith, and Curries, Messieurs Benwell and IVaymouth, and others, Distillers and Makers of Spirits in that part of the United Kingdom called England, was presented to the House, and read; letting:

C__^ 1 1 . t t t e

IE

ore

itth

0

mitt

fell

* T.

« so

" of " hi

riTl I

co;

1c;

5’X;1

the strength of Iuch Spirits, the Irish Distillers derive considerable advantages, and the Revenue iuffers diminution, and the Englishmarket is in a great meal are supp.ied with

Spirits from Ireland, to the great injury of the Petitioners, who are apprehensive, that, uniels Parliament shall take the i:-

cale into consideration, the English DistiUeries will, contrary to the just and equitable principles upon which the Act of Union was founded, suffer entire rum; and that, as a different rate of Duty on Spirits manufactured in England

and in Ireland is deemed necessary, the English Diititier cannot be adequately protested, or the Revenue effectually secured, without new regulations being adopted in regard to the DistiUeries between England and Ireland; and inal-much as the said Act of Union provides, " That His Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall be " entitled to the lame privileges, and be on the fame loot-" ing, as to encouragements and Bounties on the like " articles, being the growth, produce, or manufacture ot 1

" either Country respectively," the Petitioners therefore '

pray the House to take their case into consideration, and that such regulations may be made, with respect to the DistiUeries of England and Ireland, as may be just and equitable, in conformity to the intention of the said Act of Union; and that the Petitioners may have such relief in the premises as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inspectors of mixed and medley petition of v Woollen. Broad Cloths, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen cloths,^ Manufacture; and setting forth. That it is intended by the wooiienfy-

r 1 ... J rmtatturCJ

forth. That, previous to the Union of Great Britain and |M$’ P^d ,n5.he Iot^ ?f Bill.

Ireland, it was thought expedient by the Legislature of to m d *m 13th.y^'‘ of King George the First, Ireland to encourage the use of large Stills in the Irish 1 * th excessive framing of Broad Cloths; and that

DistiUeries; and, by an Act of the Parliament of Irelandeontnued"^ 1 "CCcffit>' , for tho/e Statutes being

made in the 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign it vent Ihl P 1£,exJcut,°n than at present time, to pre-waS, amongst other things, enacted. That every Distiller Tmr, r, PuWlAC la*?ounng u"der the mod palpable

n-" , J ’ - - Y ummerynpofitwns: And therefore praying to be heard, by them-

_ C, . J —

who should make use of any Still of the content of one thousand gallons or upwards should, on the payment of the Duties on all Wash distilled in every such Still, be allowed*out of such Duties, at the rate of £.16 per centum 10

selves, or counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves.

or

*t*J ill#

26°—27° MaiL

453

or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InstrudHon to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ji'jirtfptfting The Order, made this day, for the second reading of the bit India g[u to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th shipTde* year of His present Mai city’s reign, intituled, "An Act: fared. " for regulating the manner in which the United Company " of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall " hire and take up Ships for their regular Service," being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

defraying Stop*, See. deterred.

Bill toptrnish The Order, made this day, for the House to resolve itself

offenders into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual provision for the pun‘foment of Offences in wilfully cailing away, burning, or destroying Ships and Velio Is, and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Man-/laughters, being read;

ilefohed, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Hill to amend Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

fi-n't*on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to A;h,re«°Q render more effectual an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, was committed, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 27° Mail;

Anno 430 Georgii III1" Regis, 1 803.

TiJK hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of Jcfep/i Heath, Gentleman, one of the Elec-

P R A VERS.

Newcastle and Radneribire

Petitions *ors the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County

comidered. of &taffurdy and of several other Electors of the said Borough,

whole names are thereunto subscribed; and alto, the Petition of Oliver Becketty Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was lent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

tlT)!r^nt A Mcfiage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-niiflion, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at thedefirc of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, Vol. 58.

declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Torky His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarencey His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland^ His t Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for consolidating, and amending, the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of the Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service:

An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps, raised by the said Company:

An Act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh year, and in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion

An Act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrefcs and Suits, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases:

An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the second year of the reign of His present Majesty, lo far as the fame relates to maintaining a nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within the City of Chester^ and for preventing nuisancesand annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within the said City; and for regulating and improving the Police thereof:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Otifey from Selby, in the West Riding'of the County of York, to the opposite (Lore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Deriventy at or near Loftfome Ferry y from the Parish of Wreffel, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-first year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the Weft end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colney in the County of LancaJleVy and from a place called The Two LawSy to Kigh/ey, in the said County of York:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-first year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking Endy near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Ki/dwicky to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy * in the County of . ChejlcTy and from Hilderfione to Draycott~in~the-MoorSy and from Wetley Rocks to Tean9 in the said County of Stafford: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of HovncaJUe, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Brad deny in the County of Northampton:

An Act for altering and amending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and 46 inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common

5 Z " Meadows,

454

27° M

A. 1803.

" Meadows, Commons, Marshes,. Heaths, Wastes, and " Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the " Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey

An Act for confirming and establishing the division, allotment, and Inclosure of certain Commons, called Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and allb, of a piece of Open Pasture land, part of the said Common, called lying

in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester.

And several Members being sworn;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and seventy-two Members being present;

And the Petition of John , of Castle,

in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Radnor, being also ordered to be taken into consideration on this day;

The several Petitioners, and other Parties, in both the said cases, their count'd, and agents, were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day, for taking the Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for under-Lyme into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the usual manner.

And the name of William junior, Esquire,

being drawn; he was nominated to serve on the Committee for trying the NewcajlleElection, by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of Sir John Situ lair. Baronet, being drawn; he was nominated to lerve cn the Committee for trying the Radnorshire Election by the counsel for the Petitioner in that cale. }

And the whole number of forty-nine names being complete, Mr. Beckett, the Petitioner, and the counsel for the other Petitioners in that case, declined nominating any Member to serve on the said Committee.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were exculed, as being sixty years of age or upwards,

1 or as having served on a Select Committee; and

\ other names were set aside, the Members being

Petitioners, or being petitioned against; and one on account of his return not having been brought in fourteen days.

And lifts of the forty-nine names being delivered to the Petitioner, Mr. Beckett, and the counsel on the Newcastle Election, the door was opened; and the parties, their counsel, and agents, withdrew.

And the door being again locked; idnorshire The Order of the day for taking into consideration the cdtion skid Petition, complaining of an undue election and return iifidered. for the County of Radnor, was read.

And thereupon the House proceeded to draw, by lot, out of the fame glasses, the names remaining therein, in order to form a second Committee, according to the directions of an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the name of James Graham, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to lerve on the said Committee by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the names of twenty-one Members were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the names of several Members were drawn, who were exculed as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a Select Committee; and other names were set aside, the Members being petitioned against.

And the names of all the Members of the House having been drawn; and it appearing that there wanted twenty-eight names to complete the lift of forty-nine Members;

Air. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into consideration till Tommorrow, Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

And the door being opened, the parties, their counsel, and agents withdrew.

■"aker ... Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, ori the That the names of the Members who did not appear this 6

day, on the appointment of the Select Committees, for Niraes of ab. trial of the several Petitions complaining of undue elections vvi^dnwa!"’ and returns for the Borough of Newcajlland for the County of Radnor (which names were set aside) be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, uponWednesday next.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order of the day, for the Call of the House, being Call deferred, read;

Ordered, That this House be called over Tommorrow.

Refohed, That when the House shall have proceeded, Names of Tommorrow, to the appointment of a Select Committee for the trial of the Petition complaining of an undue election Ballots to be and return for the County of Radnor, and the names of reported, &c. the Members shall be drawn and called for that purpose,

Mr. Speaker dodireft the name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, and who shall not then be serving on Select Committees for trial of controverted elections, to be let aside; and that a list of the names of finch absent Members be reported, by Mr.

Speaker, to the House, at fiuch time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

ReJ'olved, That upon the Report of the lift of the names of fiuch abtent Members, the Members, for whole non-attendance on the appointment of the said Select Committee, a sufficient excute shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not he discharged out of custody without the special Order of the I Ioufe.

A Petition of John Ogle, Esquire, was delivered in at BoftonElec the Table, and read; setting forth. That at the last elec- potion of tion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mr. Ogle. Boston, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Thomas Irydell, Esquire (whose election had been declared void)

Thomas Fydellthe younger, Esquire, son of the said Thomas Fydcll the elder, and the Petitioner, were severally pro-poled as Candidates; and that at the time of such election the said Thomas Fydell the younger was not seised of, or entitled to, such an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in Law or Equity, as did qualify him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Fydell the elder, whose election had been declared void for bribery, did, by the means of the undue and corrupt influence which he had acquired in the said Borough by such bribery, procure the election and return of the said Thomas the younger,

who was at the time of, and had been for a long time previous to, such election, out of this Kingdom in parts beyond the seas; and that public notice was given to the Electors at such last election, immediately previous to the Returning Officer proceeding to take the poll, that the said Thomas Fydell the younger was not capable of being elected and returned as a Alember to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, for the reasons above-mentioned; and that divers Persons, acting as the avowed agents and managers for conducting the election of the said Thomas Fydell the younger, were guilty of bribery, and of other undue, illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable practices, in order to procure the election and return of the said Thomas Fydell the younger; and that many persons, not entitled to vote at the said last election, were admitted to poll for the said Thomas Fydell the younger, and many Persons entitled to vote, and who tendered their votes for the Petitioner, were rejected; and that by these, and other undue means, the said Thomas Fydcll the younger was returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief as to the House shall feern meet. v

Ordered, That the said Petition b‘e taken into conficlcration upon Tuesday, the 23d day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted elections or returns of

Members

0.

warn

thou

tier

S& M

f to

Open

Grow

u.

tk ( ;dt h

M:

ft'Tl

fid

L.?i

ih.

end,

teEii

~ In

Dte

■k:M

1 hr t

r; *1

‘Cil:

0;:

"r

u;

il-

•Yj

k

r

\JJLU.

27° Mail

455

5 .. .1. "

Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Wallace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Wrtwang, See, Indolurc Biilj plicated*

A Petition of the thereunder-mentioned Persons, Petition of Broad Clothiers, resident in the West Riding of the County clothiers in of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking Yorkshire, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant. Or notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture; Ma-

warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be and setting forth. That, if the restraint now existing by nuftfturers thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of Law on persons carrying on trades not having served the matter of the said Petition. apprenticeships thereto, or being otherwise legally qualified,

' was to be repealed, it would greatly injure the Broad

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Clothiers and their Families; and that the Petitioners to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several have been informed, that a proposition to extend the lame Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste into Yorkshire has been made, and that the Committee to Grounds, within the several Townships of Wetwang and whom the said Bill is committed, have Instructions to that Finder, in the Parish of Wetwang, in the East Riding of effect; and that if the said Bill is passed into a Law, it

the County of York: And the lame was received; and will be very prejudicial to the Broad Clothiers and their

read the first time. Families, and be the means of depriving many of them of

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time. their employ, and reducing them to very great distress:

And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their KrmfWorth Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to counsel, against such parts of the said Bill as aftedt the

fcciofure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Broad Clothiers; and that the said Bill, in its present

' several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within form, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to Ire heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

< I

the Parish of Hemsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ganton, tee. the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed I"^rureB:I1' Grounds, within the Townships of Canton and Potter p Brompton, in the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of

once read throughout; and then ,a second time, one by Binnington, in the Parish of IVillerby, in the East Riding of one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were the County of York, was read the third time.

Aiwton By-Indore Kill,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for di-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter Brompton, in the Pari 111 of Ganton, and the Township of Binnington, in

viding and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of Commons, and Waste Grounds, within, the Manor of York, '

Allerton Bywater, in the Parish of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York, be now read the third time;

Mr. Secretary at War (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent,

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Yeadon yj, i..v jnii|,uu u, a Common or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste

as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the Grounds, within the Manor and Township of , in

House may do therein as they shall think fit. the Parish of in the West Riding of the County

Then the said Bill was read the third time. of York, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Acc for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste Grounds,

within the Manor and Township of Teadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the Manor of Allerton Bywater, in the Parish of Kippax, in the Weft iiiding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry L do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcfiie their concurrence.

Vth tn<]

Fort#

H-

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Penrith, Edcnhalt, Sailedd, otherwise Great Salkeld, -

zenby, Hejkett, Wetheral, Hutton, and Newton, in the Town-Blip of MidJlcfceugk and Brrdthwaite, in the Parish of $dnt Mary Car life, and the Townships of Raughtcn and Caitfi'll, and Ivegill, in the Parish of Dalf on, in the Honor of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, i* the County of Cumberland, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Penrith, hall, Satkeid, otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby,

Wetheral, Hutton, and Newton, in the Township of Middlefceugh and Braithwcite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlife, and the Townships of Ranghton and and

Hegill, in the Parish of Dalflon, in the Honor of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland.

Vol. j8.

Committee*

appointed.

The counsel and agents, in the case of the Newcastle Newcastle election, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed F-lca, on to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift; as follows:

Paul Orchard, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, Lord Charles Somerset Manners, Isaac Gascoyne, Esquire, John Spencer, Esquire, Sir Nathaniel Holland, Baronet, the Right honourable Thomas Steele, the Honourable Edward Spencer Gowper, the Honourable Newton Fdlowes, Sir James Stewart, Baronet, Ayfcoghe Boucherett, Esquire, Charles Mills, Esquire, Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Baronet.

Thereupon the said thirteen Members, and the counsel, and agents, withdrew.

And the thirteen Members being returned, the counsel and agents were again called in.

Then the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, informed the House, That the said thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, to serve on the said Committee.

And

456

27" Mali.

A. 1803.

And the names of IVillhamDickfnfon, junior, Esquire, to ofibr his mediation between His Majesty and the French and Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, were added to the said Republic •, a mediation which might not only be the means thirteen names.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue election and return for Newcastle-muler-Lyme, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

of terminating the calamities of War, confidently with the honour of His Majesty’s crown, and the interests of His People, but of producing the moil beneficial effects with a view to the general and permanent tranquillity of

Europe;

The previous Question was proposed. That that Question be now put.

And the said Motions were, severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Gramprmnd

Road Bill.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. have agreed to PopJum:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-first years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern end of the Borough of Grampcund, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and and thence to

the Ead end of the West Lane, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act locioiuie Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Pari Cl i of Af.PAon, in the County of horfoik; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act

Aflxton

Ki’kbv-cum-

tligoclTy Iiicioiurc Bui.

the Open and Co:n-

‘ r-L

Ru/TikII Ijidolure Bill.

Shad well

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Fanlh of Kirkh-cutn-Ofgodby, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Lands, lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rujlu t/l,in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wades, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and 1 own-ship of Shadzvell, in the Parish of Phonier, and Wed Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common, called 77he Ely the otherwise The Nythen Common, in the Parish of Qld A/resford, in the County of Southampton; with fotne Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committ«oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon N|’l'i.t"^* the Bill for more speedily completing the Militia of Great p t!l°n Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the 42.d year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The House resolved it felt' into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a i'econd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wcdnei'day next.

43

c

Wti

A

cena

hsl

time.

A

An I and

u

the C Or, Leri

B Ar.

1 Bit year o itepii fen o; tot to

u

t* U;

feiC r: 5 ' b A: A

Q lil

hz

P -4

liisCi

fcfe

L b

ife

Nythe * Common Inchtarc Bill, with Amendments.

Address for further Papers, relative to Di lent lions '.vitL Knmcf

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon have leave of absence for three weeks, on account of the illneis of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Isaac have leave of

absence for a week, on account of the iliness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles ThelluJJ'on have leave of absence for a week, on account of the iliness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hurst have leave of absence for a fortnight, on urgent private business; he having served upon the Scleft Committee for trial of the Castle

election.

Ordered, That Mr. Johneshave leave of absence for a

Leave of Absence.

M.ijeilv, That fie will be graciously plealed to give direc- fortnight, on urgent private business; he having served

tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of any Orders for the removal, from this Country, of Persons styling themselves Commercial Agents, from France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid belore this House, Copies of any Communications that passed between His Majesty’s Government and that ot France, respecting the million of such Persons.

upon the Select Committee for trial of the Kirkcudbright election. _ r;

Ordered, That Sir Henry Strachey have leave of absence for a week, on account of his health.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon offemim the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual provision for the punishment ofsup’

Marion* re-‘]y crini; the MtcJinuon.&c. of RulJia, withdrawn.

Ordered, inat the said Addresses be* presented to 11 is Offences in wilfully calling away, burning, or destroying. Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of His Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of

Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of King the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Majesty’s most Honourable Pi ivy Council.

The House was moved. That the Paper, intituled, " Declaration," dated " Wefhniujler, May iSth 1803," winch was presented to the House upon the 18th day of this instant May, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; i ft Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, praying that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to avail himself of the disposition which this House under-stands to have been manifested by the Emperor of

Mr. Nicholas Fturjlttart presented to the House, accord- ^',1.1 ing to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties of Cutloms pay- p^,cr.:7-able in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved,

*±o UKU. Ill*

27

0 [-r»-

a 5k--

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tim<t upon Wednesday next.

little An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Coteberton certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable ' ' Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Combcrton, in the County of Worcester, was read the third

time. '

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little in

the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Jofep/t Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

whitwfiapel An ingossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 25th 1 year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and

keeping in repair, the Road from Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheaf eld, and the furthermoil part of the Parish oi Woodford towards Epping, and from the

causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of Woodford, next C'hand through the Parishes of Chi give!I and Lambourn, in the County of Eg ex; and for

lighting and watching the said Road, from Whitechapel Church to the four mile stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, was read the third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex» to S/teujit and the furthermost part of the Parish of Woodford towards and from the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigv:ell, and through the Parishes of C/tigwelland Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road front Whitechapel Church to the four-mile stones in the Rim-ford and Woodford Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

il>

Lori Hugh

Seymour's fee Bill, committed.

tinguishing the Tythes arising within the said Parish of Morion and Hamlet of Fifkerton respectively: And the fame was received; and read the firfb time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Werringfon dows, Commons, Wastes, and other open and uninclosed Lands, in the Hamlets of Werringtonand in the committed. Parish of Radon, and County of N, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickrn,

Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Great and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and lofubre°Bill,

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great in committed,

the County of Northampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Burt"ns’sBil, the more effectually carrying into execution the several committed.* Adds therein mentioned, for the relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin, called Burton's Banks, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don,.

Mr. Carry,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The, House was moved, That the several Acts relating to Acts relating the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, might be read. contidered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve 9«ppb« itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider deferrei1* further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange between the Right honourable Hugh Seymour Conway, deceastd, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John William Horn, Betty Gay, John Francis and George

Foster, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, in exchange of all the limitations and Estates created by the will of ’Thomas Laud, Gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of the

Right honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord Geo rge Seymour, and Thomas Asheto Smith, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trulls declared thereof by a certain Indenture of Rc’ease, all the pieces or parcels of Land and Hereditaments which were conveyed to and to the use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said Exchange, was read a second time.

, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Hardman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tedto Ordered That Sir Marlin BrowneFolkes be added to the bcinsria Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of John 10 we 1 , tre^ ]£,fqujre^ ancj pie several other Persons, whole names are ' thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Morton, and in the Hamlet of Fifkerton, within the Parish of Rollefon, in the County of Nottingham.

Presented.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morton, and within the Hamlet of Fifkerton, in the Parish ,of Rolleston, all in the County of Nottingham, and for ex-Vot. 58.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Mumis' fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply eierrLt' granted to His Majesty; , j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading riu forregu-of the ingossed Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying lating Veil'd* Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s to

Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, the nln-with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall df1011!’

111*1 .1 1 % ® " deterred-

be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage;

Ordered, dliat the said Bill be read the third time uoon '

Wednesday next.

A Bill for the better protection of the Trade of this Bill for Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a second time. Protection of Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Farther consideration the Report which was made from the Com- c°‘l!‘c,eration mittee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this Cotton* House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th and Manuta 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes be- Petitions, tween Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Ma- deferred, nufacture, were referred;

6 A Ordered,

458

27°—28°

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the fail] Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

!cmnty

Bil'

tci'l'Cti.

ill respecting all India ompany’s Ships,

/tired.

.eportof ;ill to amend and Tax redemption i.ers, further oniidered.

who were excused, as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as having served on a SeleA Committee; and other names were let aside, the Members being The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Re- petitioned against.

port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom And the whole number of forty-nine names being com-the Bill for remedying certain deiefts in the Laws relative pletc, lifts of the said names were delivered to the countel; to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other and the door being opened, the countel and agents with-works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of drew.

Counties, was committed •,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Mr. Ballard reported from the Committee, to whom the Wednesday next. Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon, reported, and The Order of the day being read for the second read- and for. establishing a Market within the Town of Torquay, re-C(#mnutte * ing of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the was committed; That the Committee had examined the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, " An Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true;

and that the.Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the lame was committed.

An Act f>>r regulating the manner in which the United " Company ot Merchants of England, trading to the " Indies, Hull hire and take up Ships for their regular " Service;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be road a second time upon Wednesdaynext.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Radnorshire

Eie&ion

Petition,

;onfidered.

Sabbati, 28° die Mail;

Anno 430 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1S03. Prayers.

TH E hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of John Macnamara, of Langoed CajUe, in the County of Brecon, Esquire, complaining ot an undue election and return for the County of Radnor, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment ot a Sclect Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and two hundred and ninety-six Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

Then the Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House Adjournment, this day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and Jrunde^ improving, the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the junction of the and

borough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally pvoposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 23. To leave out from " Road" to "before," in line 26.

Pr. 18. 1. ao. To leave out " two" andinfert " one," instead thereof.

1. 26. To leave out " notes or tickets," and insert " a note or ticket*" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questionfe-verailv pvu thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bnl was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving.

m

be

COD

■ and ir.ic

in I] to m?n w set ft

grol

\i

i Bil 1 m k]

K

ieC

Ar.

' iieie net idc h A: A

bin

.m

P-v,

if

k i

the Road leading from the

High

Street in the Town of

Arundel, to the junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the pretent Turnpike Road on Fhtlevjorth Common, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange, subject to the approbation of the High Court ot Chancery, ot certain Estatesfituate in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby* between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital of[Gilbert Earl of Shrew/-

Earl of

ShrewibunA Hospital /*-change fcvl, committed.

/And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, bury* long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the County

ot 7 drk, and George Benjon Strutt, Esquire, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Atkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

in the usual manner

And the name o {'James Graham, Esquire, being drawn, he

was nominated to serve on the said 'Committee, by the counsel for the fitting Member.

And the name of the Honourable Thomas Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counfe^for the Petitioner.

Note. That in the course of drawing the names, the name of the Right honourable Henry Addington,

Chancellor of the Exchequer, was drawn; and he the Parish of otherwise in the County

being again {worn, in the manner Rated in the pro- of Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the ceedings of the 1 ith day of February last, was ex- Reverend Philip Story; and also the Petition of Backe Thorn-cufed; And the name of Sir William Scott, Judge hill, of Stanton, in the County of Derby, Esquire, were ie-

or the Admiralty Court, was drawn; and he being verally referred; That the Committee had examined, and again iworn, in the manner Rated in the proceedings found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to ?. e day of March laR, was excused: And Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the the names ot several other Members were drawn. Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had ex*

amitied

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, PaRures, Commons, and VVaRe Grounds, within

by

vxjlu. 111. 28° Mali.

amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to certain Bridge, called Mill Hill Bridge, in the said Parish

be true; and that the parties concerned had given their and. County.

consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; The House was moved, That the Report which, upon and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the 29th day of March last, was made from the Committee, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- to whom the former Petition of the said several persons was

reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report referred, might be again read.

’d In*

1 ST

R-ic:

in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Kirk ireton Mr. Mundypresented to the House, according to Order,

indoftre Bill, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Com-

presented. mon caye(j Callow Moor, and other the Waste Lands, in the Townships or Liberties of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of

Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of IVirksworth, in Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townlliip or

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near MorwhellhamQuay, to the Town of Tavijiock, and also a certain collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of von; And that Mr. St.Andrew St. John and General Fitz-

patrick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Legh Keck presented to the House, according to Whitwfek j Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the prated. several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

J J

the County of Derby: And the fame was received; read the first: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Wilton An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

JfW the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish in the County of Derby, was read the third time Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chef erf. eld, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Grwnhill Moor and Harhfriage Roads Bill, parted.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 21ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near StoneyMiddleton, to Tolley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new branches from the said Roads to Bafiow, in the said County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near Stoney NluU

and Liberty of Whitwick, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships or Liberties of Tbrings tone and Pegg's Green, all within the Parish of Whitivick, in the County of Leicester: And the fame was received; and read the first: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Order, srafforJand a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging Cheittr^ the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 29th years panted.* of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein mentioned, trom the end of the County of Stafford, to and through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, so far as the fame relates to the first Difi-trid of the said Roads: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Gregor presented to the House, according to Order, a Haleworthy Bill for further continuing the term, and enlarging the and w^de'*d powers, of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of bjh^ °3 1 his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and presented. widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Da-vidfiow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East end of IVadcbridge, and from the Weft end of // hdebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The counsel and

agents

before-mentioned beins: re-

dleton, to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for turned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said

making two new branches from the said Roads to Raflow, in the said County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

i!■! i•"

PftiticQ reMing Notices for Canal Ration, sported.

Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lilt; to which lift the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Carbery, Patrick CrauftirdBruce, Esquire, fames ' Lowther, Esquire, John Robinson, Esquire, Denham fephfon, Esquire, John Maitland, Esquire, Lord Viscount Kirkwall, the Honourable William Brodrick, the Honourable Pen-nifion Lamb, fames Bailer of Wefi Looe, Esquire, Sir Henry Wat kin Dafinvood, Baronet, Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet, the Honourable Robert Clive, fames Graham,

Radnor

Election

Committee

appointed.

Mr. St. Andrav St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Moll noble John Duke ot Bedford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Tavijiock, and the Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Maitland. parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was referred; That And the said fifteen Members* being the Scleft Com-the Committee had examined the matter of the said Pe- mittee for trying the merits of the Petirion, complaining tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap- of an undue election and return for the County of peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the ul'ual manner.

his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. -bam Radford, junior, being examined, laid, That in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 6th day of April last, notices have been given at the lafb Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Devon, and three times in the months of April last and May instant, in the newspaper called The Exeter Flying Pojf, that application is making to Parliament for an Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near a certain place called Morwhellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavijiock and County of Devon, to the Town of Tavijiock in the said County; and also a certain collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to or near a Voi. 58,

And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

460

1° Jum.

McrcurU. 1" die

Anno 43° Georgii III,il Regis, 1803.

Pr Ay FRS.

;cpon from "\/T R. Brodrichy from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of John 'ommnttc, Alacniimara, of Langocd CajHe, in the County of Brecon, ^f ° ^LlL,'re> comj)Iaining of an undue election and return for Ur. Bultcr. the County of Radnor, informed the House, that the said Committee met on Monday Morning lait, pursuant to their Adjournment of the preceding Saturday, when the Committee received an account of the death of a near relation of James Buller, Esquire, of West Looe (one of the Members of the said Committee) which prevented him from attending the Committee on that day; and that the Committee then adjourned till yesterday. Twelve of the clock, when Mr. Bitller not attending, the Committee adjourned till this day, Twelve of the clock; and Mr. Bidler not then attending, the Committee further adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bu/Ier be exculed for his non-attendance on the said Select Committee; and that he have leave to absent himfclt from any further attendance on the said Committee.

A 1803.

An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Ring Edward the First, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers cTcig‘,t, Dart, and Plxm, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. IVill:.an Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddirc their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Fermanagh Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new writ for Writ« the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Fermanagh, in the room of the Right honourable J'Jm IVillonghhx Cole, commonly called Lord Viscount Cole, now Karl of Enniskillen, a Peer of the United Kingdom.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Lancing mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open inclosure Bill, and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and committal* Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Snssex, was read a fecund time.

Resolved\ that the Bill be committed to Mr. Porter, Mr.

Atkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kll.md-cum-Gj’cftUml inclosure Bill,

committed.

Ritiey

Indol ure Bill, committed.

Rule worthy and Wade-brid^e Road B'll, committed.

Stepney's Eliate Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of El-land-cinn-Greet/and, in the Parish of Halifax, and Weft Hiding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolvetv/. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Lascelles, fee.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Field Lands, Moors, and Waste Grounds,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biftopof for vesting part of the Estates deviled by the will of B^01 sEluM Christopher late Lord Bishop of Brijik, in Trustees, to be committed, fold, and for laying out the money arising by such falc in the pure hale of other Estates, to be settled to the tame uies, was read a second time.

Rcfulvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Porter, Mr.

Hoi house, -See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Billl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Hcmfwortti

within the Manor and Township of Bailey, in the Welt the several Open LicTcls, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Hiding of the County of York, was read a second time. within the Parish of in the VV eft Riding of the

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr./ATiberforce. County of York, u'as read the third time.

iu

k

Air. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hoads from Haleivorthy, in the Parish of

Davidjiow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East end ot

lYadebridge, and from the Weft end ot IVadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gregor,

Sir William Lemon, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, Westmcaih, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the liftate of George

Stepney, Esquire, deceased, winch have not been fold or dilpoied of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament oi Ireland in the nth and 12th considerably increased by the lum of or there

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the ■Parish of Hemfworth, in the Weft Hiding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there-unto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Honiton, in of Honiara, the County of Devon, and its neighbourhood, was pre- wiping lented to the I Joule, and read; taking notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, ExeBridge and Countess (Hear Bridge, and the Roads

leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto; and setting forth. That the Tolls now payable for repairing the said Roads are inadequate to discharging the interest of debt due thereon, and effectually repairing and improving fuel) Hoads; and that the debt many years since was very

K*r

Silt

h

Luff:

L;

d

ka

3

k

Part, &c.

■ Fishery Bill, Rafted.

years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " situate in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, and

" in the King's County, the Estate of George Stepney,

" Esquire, in Trustees, in order that the lame, or a com-" petent part thereof, may be sold for the payment of " Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame," was read a second time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be committed to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Bagwell, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the 13th year of the reign of King Edward the First, and in the 13th year of the reign of King Richard the Second,

abouts, having been expended in the erecting a Bridge over the hiver Exe, at the Western end of the said City; and the Petitioners conceive that the additional Toll should be_confined to such of the Public only as are benefited or accommodated by eroding the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That a Claufie for collecting an additional Toll either on the said Bridge, or at the Western Gates, may form a part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Yyrwhittreported from the Committee, to whom Dvmokf

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for fggfm veiling, i object to the approbation of the High Court of

yt

’ \

n

5r-lhenre[erVati10D/of S.almion ‘"nd other fij1 in the Kivers Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and IAJaI' anU Pym> 10 tlC C°uaty of Devon, was read taments, situate in the Parishes of Great Hale, otherwise

rJZTtL n, urn a r , , , 4 . , . Great Great Hole and Little Hale in the

R foiled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. County of part of the settled of the Honourable

■It,

3

S

e ;r

it

,;r

[:•

>i

111*

.1° Junii.

461

nourable Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon trust to fell, and Duties in lieu thereof; and letting forth. That the Peti-

for laying out the monies arising from such sale in the tioners conceive the additional Duty intended to be laid purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the upon the Importation of India Silk Goods will decrease lame ules as the Lands so to be sold, was committed j That the Revenue, and ultimately destroy the Silk Manufao* the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, tory in this County: And therefore praying, That the and found the same to be true; and that the parties con- House will prevent any further innovation upon the said cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfac- Trade and Manufacture, by the Importation of India ma-tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had di- nufactured Goods for Home Consumption.

rested him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Tyrwhiti do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ii

.a

London Pert Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac-improvement cording to Order, a Bill to authorize the advancement of

Bill, presented.

further sums of money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of don, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Haney Mr. Dundas of Berkshirereported from the Committee,

incioiiire Bill, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, ttwrted. inc]0(ingj the Open and Common Arable Lands,

Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Harney, in the Parish of Weft Hanney, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, the County of

Mr. Steele, from the Select Committee, appointed to Newca.tle-ur try and determine the merits of the Petition of Joseph Heath, Gentleman, one of the Electors of the Borough of determined* Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and of several other Electors of the said Borough, whose names are thereunto subscribed; and also, of the Petition of Oliver Beckett, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue election '

and return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined, j

That Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That Edward WilbrahamBootle, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Committe to be frivolous or vexatious:

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House. j:

An ingrossed Bill to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brightlielm. Brighthelmston, in the County of Siffex, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at Bright helmston, in

fton Chapel Bill, pafleJ.

a

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at f.z. 16 9 per annum, who

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, and keeping Lon?preftor in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road between faffed'11* Burnley and Colne. in the Township of Marfden, in the Pa-

refused to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors afielfed at rish o in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the

£.12. ys. 3d. per annum, who were neuter; and that the Town of , in the West Riding of the County of

whole property belonging to persons interested in the In- 2~ork, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading

closure is assessed to the Land Tax at £• 189. ys. 3d, per from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of

annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee Long Preston, in the said County of York, was read the

to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone third time.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and by way ot Ryder, for rellraining the Trustees from erect-he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered ing a gate between Halton and Field Lanes, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Alloa Harbour and Pa ing, lx.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 2. T 'o leave out from " litigation" to " And," in 1. 34.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put

i'

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for improving the thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the amended at the Table accordingly.

Town of Alloa, and removing and preventing nuisances and Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, obstructions therein; for establishing a Market in the said An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Town; and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, Water, was read the third time. in the Township ot Marfden, in the Parish of Whalley, in

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the County Palatine of to the Town o

Ms Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year burn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the reign of His present Majesty, for the improvement from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and light- Settle, at or near the Town or Village ot Long Preston, in ing the Town of Alloa; and for other purposes therein the said County of mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkjlnre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Million of Manu-

St°ckport, ’PmitCuf. £«» Duties

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Silk Throwfters, and others, employed in the working and manufacturing of Silk in the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport in the which they have taken County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Vo I. 58.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill re- Committee 01 spefting the Woollen Manufacture is committed, do forth-with report to the House the Minutes of the Evidence Bill, torepor

Evidence.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith of Norwich be added to the Member Committee, to whom the Survey and Report of the added to a

6 B Coasts Coramitte#'

, L . L.-LL.J

ort cm ton Ma-*&ufac-:rs Peti-i. further fidered.

Lord?

nenHrr.cnts

Nyvhe •mmon Injure Bill, :cc J to.

1

ffitioi reining :Lefnock n hour, &c. Bill,

■ titions in your ot D° Bill.

ntT Road? ( ,d Bridges ■tition,

! ported.

462

1* fumi.

A. 1803.

Coasts an 1 central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in the autumn of 1802, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, were referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Resolutions of the Committee were severally read a second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Stanley, Mr of Lan-

cashire, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common called The Nythe, otherwise The ISxthen in the

Parish of Old A Ire ford, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 12. Leave out " his Church and, " and intert " the."

Pr. 6. 1. 30. Leave out from " fame" to the end of the Clause.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Feuars' and Inhabitants of the Town of Greenock, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the further improvement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for extending the jurisdiction of the Baillies of the said Town, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth. That the Petitioners have unadvisedly been prevailed upon to concur in a Petition to the House in opposition to the said Bill, but are now convinced of the propriety of the measures intended, which have been fully explained to them: And therefore praying, That they may have leave to withdraw their names from the said former Petition, and that the said Bill may be patted into a Law.

Two other Petitions of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Feuars and Inhabitants of the Town of Greenock, were alto severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and praying, that the fame may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon upon the Table.

in many places so ruinous that Travellers cannot at all times conveniently or safely pass; nor can they be repaired, and kept in repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other powers given: That the passage over the River Spey, at or near the Boat-of-Bop, is often impaf-lable or dangerous for Passengers; and that if a Bridge was built over the said River, at or near that place, and power was given to levy Pontage thereon, for the supporting and maintaining the fame, it would be greatly advan*

O v3 7

tageous to the Petitioners, and to all persons travelling through the said Counties: That the Laws now in being for making Hoads and building Bridges, and repairing the lame, have been found ineffectual in the said Counties to make and maintain the Roads through the lame generally; and other and further powers are necessary to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and that a reasonable competition in ?vloncy, in heu of Statute Labour, is in many places found to be more useful and beneficial than the actual performance of Stature Service; and it would be of advantage to the several Counties if power was given to convert the Statute Services into Money, and ascertain the Rates thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an Assessment on the Heretors of Lands, and other persons in the said Counties, for making and maintaining Highways and Bridges through the fame.

An Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of ITis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing 46 an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen; and for the more effec-cc tiuilhi amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair,

" the said Roads, and other Hoads in the said County, and for u levying a converjion Aloney in lieu of Statute Labour, and <c otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads c< and Bridges in the said County f was read :—And,

Air. William Robin [on being again examined, said, That it would be advantageous* to the Heretors of Lands in the Pari (lies of Garnery, Inverkeithing, Keiths Mortlach, and those parts of the Parishes of Alva and Rothiemay, lying South of the River Dover an, in the County of Banff\ and to all persons resident therein, if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Parishes, were repealed, and the high Hoads and Bridges therein were placed under the like management as other high Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff\

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, and Aberdeen; for building a Bridge over the River Spey; and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff: And that the Matter ot rfie Roils, Mr. Fergufn, and Mr. Brodie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Morton, and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morton, and within the Hamlet of Fijkerion, in the Parish of Rol-

1

S.

C3

U

h

4;j

C(

Cf

A,

a

if

u'-i:

' .1 '■ h

kV:

£■-

The Matter of the Rolls reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the County of Banff, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and’is as followrth;

To prove the Allegations of the Lid Petition, Mr. William Robinfott being examined, laid. That the Road trom the Bridge of Banff to the River Spcv, at or near the Boai-cf-Bop, the Road from Banff to the Road

trom Portjoy to Bluntly, the Road from Banff to Keith, the Road trom Verify to Kthe Road from Cullen

to Keith, the Road from Ke towards (7rantonsn, the

Road from Mortlach to Foch and and the Road from Mortlach to all in the Counties ot Banff, Elptn, and Aberdeen, are in bad repair, and

ii

Committee, to rdrfnf

We: Petition,

teflon, all in the County of and for extin-

guishing the Tythes railing within the said Pari111 of Morton, and Hamlet ot lujUrton respectively, was read a second time.

Ref jived. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, he.: And they are to meet this Af- . ternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Earinpreported from th

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names utm are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, reported, and others, concerned in the Trade between Great Britain and the East Indies and China, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the tame, as it appeared to , to the House; and he read the Report in his place: and afterwards delivered it in nr the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follo viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Ralph Walker being examined, said, That the Ships in the

employ of the East India Company are of larger size than

"-C

ii

4

■if

any ’f

UfiO. llli

V Junii.

463

r

3

3

7

3

c

0

3

e

if

y

j

3

>r

o

7

3

1

t

7

1

is

h

r-

j

eif

!*»'

,1

fl,

,1

Ir.

K

jfl

any other Merchantmen, and are nearly equal in bulk to /hips of the line: That the cargoes of the said ships, especially homeward bound, are always extremely valuable, and of the utmost national importance, both with regard to the East India Company and the Public Revenue; and are also of great consequence to the Owners of such ships, the Underwriters, and many other persons deeply interested in the preservation of the vessels and their cargoes: That by the present lyllem of loading and discharging the Cargoes of the East India Ships, the navigation of the River Thames is frequently impeded* and it is presumed, injured, great delays, Losses, and inconveniencies are constantly experienced, the Cargoes, Ships, and Stores, are subject to excessive and unavoidable plunder, the Company and Owners are grievously imposed upon, and the Public Revenue defrauded to a great amount.

That if Wet Docks and Batons, with necessary accommodations and requisites for the reception of East India Ships, were established at Blackmail and Bromley, in the County of Mid die fix, where, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears they may be very advantageously constructed, the evils above-mentioned would be remedied or prevented; the labour of loading and discharging the Ships would be abridged; plunder would be annihilated, and the expences to Government, the Company, Owners, and others, considerably, lclfened, the Public Revenue increased and secured, and the Ships remain in perfect security.

Ordered, '1 hat’leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at Blackmail, for the accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port: And that

Sir Francis Baring, Sir William Curtis, and Mr. Atkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tprtifbury An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

°jy|Urt the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-puM mon Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetijhury, in the County of Dorset, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetijhury, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House on the 6th day of May last, notices were given on the door of the Parish Church of Shalford, for three Sundays in the month of May last, of the application to Parliament for provision being made in the Bill, now depending in' the House, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, part of the said Common or Waste Land, called The Pease Marshi and lo much of the said tract of Common or Waste Land as lies within the Parish of Shalford: And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for that purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: j

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William I

Rujjell, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; j

and have Power to fend for persons, papers and records. j

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do make the County-

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reported.81^ the Bill for remedying certain defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of

Counties, was committed.

Mr. Blackburne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported;

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and u

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in (

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leveially put thereupon, were f

agreed to by the House. i)

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, in the County of 'fork, the Order to be made by Justices in pursuance of the Act, shall be made at the Easter Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the ;,

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be I

made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- , }

grafted. * I

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon , j

Tuesday next - j

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Com- I

mittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

M Trtton Inclohire Bill, t® hi tied.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common called Callow Moor, and other the Waste Lands, in the Town ships or Liberties of Kirk Breton, in the Parish of Kirkheton, and of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, Mr. Muttdy, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Snltn,

'gton

An ingrafted Bill for dividin'!, allotting, and inclosing.

'"pMied'B!l1’ the °Pcn Fields, Meadows "Pastures, °Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish otherwise

Brnjfon, in the County of Derby, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Braffington, otherwise Brajlun, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Braffington, otherwise Brajfon Common, in the Parish of Brad bourne, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw fefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

toil

ion re. Pv-r NTo.

,;'-i for Pro. in

p - Marsh w.ofurcBilL

A Petition of the fovcral Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, having right ot Common on that part of a certain tract of Common or Waste Land called The Pease Marsh, situate within the Manors of and which lies within the Parish of Shalford, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; letting Vol. ^8.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His £,fat(.s Majesty’s command, presented.

N° i. Estimate of the Charge of full Pay to Supernu- Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th De- mararyoffi-cember 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, cer,‘ being 365 days: And also,

N°2. Estimateof theCharge of the In-PensionersofChe/fia £!'e,fca anJ Hospital, and of the Royal I lospital near Kilmainham; and Hoi^iuls.ara; of the Expences of the said Hol’pitals, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Ditto. 1 Chelsea Hospital and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1S03, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military Military College, for the year 1803; inclosing, College.

N° 1. Particulars of the Annual Expence of the General Staff of the Royal Military College, for the year 1803.

N° 2. Particulars of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department of the Royal Military College, for the year 1803.

N°3. Particulars of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department of the Royal Military College for Two Companies of Cadets, for 1

the year 1803: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Expences expected to be incurred Military within the year 1803, on Account of the Royal Military Alylum at Chelsea, for the reception of the Children of Soldiers: And also,

h°6.

L . i___bLG

464

1° Jun

A. 1803.

oons,&c.

N° 6. Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light N° 5. Copy of a Note from Lord to M.

Dragoons, and One West India Regiment retained on the Otto, dated September 18th 3802: And also, Kftablishment of the Army, and of an Augmentation to the N° 6. Copy of a Letter from M. Talleyrand to General

Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, in the United Kingdom , dated Paris, December 3°th 1802; and Trant-

of Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Three Regiments lation: And also,

ml anti

Officers.

live

.tins.

odied tia, &c.

fmqcncies

D3.

of Foot Guards; for the respective periods therein specified, in the year 1803: And also,

N° 7. Estimate of the Charge of additional General and General Staff Officers in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803: And also,

N° 8. Estimate of the Charge of appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies lately held by the Colonels, First Lieutenant Colonels, and First Majors, of the respective Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry throughout the Army, from the 25th May 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 days: And also,

N° 9. Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and , from the respective periods therein mentioned to the 24th December , 1803, inclusive: And also,

N° 10. Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the

N° 7. Minute of a verbal communication from Lord Hawkesbury to General Andreojjy, dated January 1 ith 1803:

And also,

N° 8. A Paper, intituled, " Memorandum, June iff " 1803."

Together with a list of the said Papers.

And the said lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The Papers, of which there are Translations, are pre-l'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, together with the 4 other Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to °*53-J this volume.

athinz for

bfifttnee for D\

•upplcmcn-ary Militia.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- prt;tionJ of Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain subscribed, Importcis, Manufacturers, and otherwise SilkManufac-

and Ireland, for the year 1803: And also, interested in the various branches of the Silk Trade, and

N° 11. Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Em- Members of the Committee thereof, on behalf of them- u« Bill, bodied Militia of Great Britain, and the Royal Corps of jp vcs> anc^ °ther Persons concerned therein, was pre-

Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the year 1803: And \^cd to the; House, read; letting forth, That by the

aK'0^ bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Sr/-

N° 12. Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of tain, An Srant othe^ Drutjcs in |ieu thereof, it is proposed Subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others, on Quarter- *° , mt P*anclLertchicfs of Silk printed, flamed, painted, or ing the embodied Militia of Great Britain, and of the Charge d> ed, to be imported by th: CompanyTnto Great

of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Offi- ttfor Home Consumption, on Payment of a Duty of

cers and Private Men of the said Militia, for Small Beer, for *>'2P.J> ’ ft*°Md Pa*s iato a Law, will ma-the vear 180;. And also terially reduce the Importation of Raw Silk into this Coun-

N° 13. Estimate of the Charge of the Supplementary try, to the injury of the Revenue, and be productive of ruin Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Ma- *° numer°us Individuals, ')dK) have embarked their for-jesty’s Proclamation, dated the 26th May 1803. tune,s >,n establishments for its manufacture, and reduce fe-

~ - veral thousands of Artizans, their Families, and numerous

Dependants, to indigence and poverty, inasmuch as, notwithstanding the said proposed Duty, the East India Company will be enabled to import Silk Handkerchiefs, for

1 Appendix

' (No. 56.)

Together with an Abstract and Schedule of the said Estimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table

u

I.:;

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Home Consumption, at a much cheaper Rate than they

this volume.

’ tern respeaing The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th on Turn- Year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

■ oike Ronds, " Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parlia-

■ ordered. " ment, the general Laws now in being for regulating the

" Turnpike Roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes,’* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Justices of Peace within England, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, annually to allow an additional Number of Holies for drawing Carriages on Turnpike Roads:

., And that Sir George Cornezand M r. Matthews do prepare,

; and bring in the fame.

KvSwzx to \dt\veftcs.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported to the House, That their AddTcffes of Friday last (that His Majesty would be gra-cioutly pleated to give directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been pre-iented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

can be manufactured in Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said proposed Regulations.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Working Silk Weavers of the City of London, and its Environs, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding •,

Petition: And praying that the said Bill, so far as the fame ' 1

may tend to permit the Importation of India Silk Handkerchiefs, may not pals into a Law.

, And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

The House was moved, That the second Article of the Motion Treaty of Amiens, might be read. respectmjpk h

And the same being read accordingly. Amiens, .. 1

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, suspended.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That

He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Representa-tions made, and steps taken by His Majesty’s Ministers,

towards carrying into effect the said Article;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the day be now read. c

P..

V artW Payers rtUiwe , to DiVcuiYvons with France, yrefcpted.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord HazvkeJ-bur\,dated 23d May 1802; and Translation: And also, N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto, dated 24th May 1802: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury, dated 24th June 1802; and Translation:

Copy of M. C. Montbrei's Commission, referred to in N° 3; and Translation: And also,

And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for the House to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole 5‘y^ic. House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Rtfc/Biii-Lords, intituled, An Act for the relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. i

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. (

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord HawkeJ- had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amending, dated 13th September 1802; and Translation: ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

Copy of Citizen Peter Chepy's Commission, referred when the House will please to receive the same, to in N* 4 •, and Translation: And also. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondaynext.

A Message

.. i

■•ji

43 Geo. III.

1° Jun

465

The Lord*

have agreed to

Indemnity

Bill, flfaval Stores, tfc.)

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Ridley: and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and

Scotch School-uuitasBiil.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in ifilling, or carrying info execution, certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the exportation of Seed Corn to Norway, without any Amendment:

And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making better provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Govern- Borough of Southwark, in the County of in the

inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for t-ords naturalizing isaac Meades Chumajero; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. fc.t. Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Southward Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the cleft- Wr‘t" ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the

Irift Courts Bill.

Cr;

in*

iiH

ur-

ic-

311)

Ot-

•ID-

IOT

M]

if

dJ

Kiurcfs Roads Bill.

Prrflcn md Ltnuiicr Ruad Bill.

frailer

ai d . r it-*: Ruulg Bill.

ment of the Parish Schools,

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the time for Trials by Ni/iPrius in the City and County o f Dublin, and for making the pro-" eels of the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kiarofs, and for more efTcftually making and repairing the Highways within the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,- An Act to continue the term, and alterant! enlarge the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of I lis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prcjlonto , and from thence to a place called Helving and for maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Pott in the Town 111 ip of Siync, with Hcjl, to a place called Hejl Bank, in the said Township; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of through Droiiwich, to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the Parish

in Scotland-, without any roorn of the Right honourable George Tierney, who, since

his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the o#cc of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Bill, pajTcd.

P-irton

I:d itrer Lcioiure Bill.

I:

of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads

therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, The lairds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Failures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or VValle Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

mondiham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ‘tloiuie Bill, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondsham and Westwcrth, within the Parish of

hum, in the County of Dorjct; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act l_ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, die several Open Common and Mesne Fields, Moon, Meadows, Pastures, Halles, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands' and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of

Iluckiow, in the Parish of Hope, in the Count]' of Ida ly; without any Amendment: And also,

Ti:c Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclrfing the Open Commons in the Manor of Rin the County of if cjl-mrland, and fur granting other powers for dividing,'allotting, and inclosing, the "laid Lands and Grounds; without any Amendment: And also, ...

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An, A(51 for repealing an Act, pal fed in the nineteenth year of the reign of Mis. piefent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing M and inclosing: the Open Y\ actes and Commons J)ing

Grtnt Hud: lew Wloluie Bill,

The ingrossed Bill for more speedily completing the Militia Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in Completion the 4ad year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for inflicting a penalty on Constables taking insurances for providing Men.

And the said Clause was brought up, and twice read,. with a blank.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Refolded, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refblve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itfeJf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amend-’ ment thereunto; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 39. After " Acts," to insert " and of this " Act."

Pr. 8. 1. 18. After " over," to insert " and above."

Pr. 9. L io. After " and, " to insert " in pursuance."

I. 38. To leave out from " Acts," to the end of 1. 15. in Pr. 10.

To leave out " under or in pursuance,"

3

Pr. 10. 1. 31,

32. )

Refill

Wcioiurc Bill

and insert " subsequent to the " date," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sleagifl ^oiureBil!,

in

the Manor of S lea Ail, in the County

v,.

A Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Customs Britain, and to grant other Duties in Jieu thereof, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of

the whole House.

6 C Resolvedt , _< u

466

1° Juniu

A. 1803.

solve said Bill

on

rlating

rfTed

toon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re- had come to a Uesolution which they had directed h'm to Ive itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the report, when the House will pfoafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was The Order of the day being read, fof the House to re- directed by the Committee to move, that they fnay have solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con* leave to fit again.

lider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the RefoThat this House will, upon Friday next, resolve management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 25th further of Ways and Means for raisirtg the Supply granted

year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An to His Majesty.

" Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon r . , , . , ., , ...

" Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also cer- -Tie being read, for the bird reading »:U r -

tain Duties upon Carriages to be built for sale," might £ ‘"grossed Bill for regulating the Vessels carry.ng ‘

r Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s k,l:,:mu>the

Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, Pia iuti Es, with respect to the number of Passengers which they flrall dclcncd‘ be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

be oread.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

tm-

mittee of ipply.

mates of ’jwartces

dilitia

cers,

d.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the bet- of

ter protection of the Trade of this Kingdom. Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they . , . , h,- . , , . , - , had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an House wiu please to receive the lame.

Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to cer- Or That the Report be received Tommorrow, bun Subaltern Officers of the Militia in time of Peace, be

referred to the said Committee. The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Biiirefpeainj

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th JompjDy'* command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recom- year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for ships, mends it to the House to make such provision for defray- " regulating the manner in which the United Company detiri{‘1, ing the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern " of Merchants of trading to the shall

" hire and take up Snips for their regular Service

OThat the said Bill be read a lccond time upon Monday next.

ti

Officers of the Militia in time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an

C.1

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, Bill to amend Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Ad* passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for jutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, was read the present Majesty’s reign, be referred to the said Committee. third time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s com- R That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, mand) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recom- An Act to render mote effectual an Act, passed in the forty-mends it to the House to make such provision for defray- second year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating ing the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redcinp* and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in pur- tion and Sale of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

; r 1

iuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty’s reign, as they shall think necessary

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. "Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

The House being informed that Mr. Robert bVtford, Accounts from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, on» preftnttd. fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number of Rrolecutions for Penalties and Frauds in the Court of Exchequer in with re-

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed spect to the Duty of Customs on Coffee, and of the Ex-him to report, when the House will please to receive the pences incurred thereby during the period of leven years

lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have . leave to fit again.

previous to the 5th January 1803: And also,

An Account of the Sums paid by the Receiver General Bonntr"* of the Customs for Bounties on Corn, Meal, Flour, and t;orn’i* Rice, imported into Scotland, between the totli of October 1802 and 5th April 1803; distinguishing each Quarter,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re* so far as the fame can be made up.

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

oramittee of / ays and vltani.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into aCom-mitteeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

8

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

* " " 7 7 v IJk VlVAJ VVVyi VV

the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account of the Balances remaining in the Royal Bank

of

AccounM,

K->i£itrtT tv

prr k.

*5

Appadix,

(N0.57.)

Chirlton OHnance Linds Bill, ordered.

Evidence, &c. idpecting Commissioners for paving

Dublin, to be printed.

Dwlbury Liclcfure Bill, Rented.

rioiurcBAL

*±0 VjJilU. ill.

1°—2°

467

of Scotland, of the sums of £. 69,910. 1 $s.9 id. and Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to £. 2,500, granted by two Acts, made in the 3 id and 33d report to the House; and he read the Report m his place; years of the reign of his late Majesty, for paying off and dif- ' 1 ’ ' " ‘ A J

charging the Debts upon the forfeited Estate of Perth:

And also.

Account of the Balance remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland, of the sum of £. 38,553. 12/. 1 } d. granted by an Act, made in the ill year of His present Majesty’s reign, for paying off and discharging the Debts upon the Eliate of Lev at: And also,

Account of the Balance of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, Handing in the Books of the

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from whom the Bill for paving,

the Committee, to Bradford

lighting, watching, and im-

Royal Bank of Scotland in the name of the Right honour- proving, the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of able the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Uftle Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and Scotland. for removing and preventing all nuisances therein, was com-

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega-

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Com- tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that mittee, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to the Right_ honourable the Lords Commissioners of His report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, is referred. The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That Mr. Wellesley Pole have leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at -

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Buller of Exeter reported from the Committee, to Exeter Road*

in the County of Kent, for further promoting dje Ser- whom the BilI for more effectually id Bill, report,;

p / \t v / / t/~ r, a\t 1 c U /* e and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge, mined."*0111'

Pole, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, anA

vice of His Majesty’s Ordnance: And

prepare,

and bring in, the same. .

Ordered, That Mr. Wickham, have leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of all such Evidence and other Proceedings, as were taken or had by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, previous to making their 28th Report, presented to the House of Commons upon the 26th day of April lad, respecting the Accounts (to the 5th day of January 1802) and conduct of the Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin; together with Copies of all such other Evidence and Proceedings taken or had, since the

and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto, was committed] and t6 whom the Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Afliburton, in the County of Devon, and of the neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being persons resident in the Town and neighbourhood of;

and also, the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the neighbourhood of the City of Exeter, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered

1

,0

date of the said Report, by t lie laid Commissioners of Ac- the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of counts, as relate to the said Directors and Commissioners the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin, be Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

printed for the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourifed till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, Q* die Junii;

Anno 43® Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to tue City of , in Chamber assembled: And also,

*' 1 . ..... 11 * J * I A Pof itmn IptTAro I I. art one itiUrvlo, *-> <, rv, a

Urder, a Dill for dividing, allotting, and mcloling, the several Commons, Moors, and Wafts Grounds, within the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Township of Deivsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the lamevyas received; and read the first time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Downs, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or District of Kilmijlcn, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fotisfadion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Vo l. 58.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, 1

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Petition* of Committee to whom the same was committed. the Corpon-

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of IT ?nd

City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled: And also, Exeter^11* ° \ A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Exeter-, *

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth! that the fame contains provisions, which, if passed into a Law as it now (lands, the Petitioners conceive will be highly injurious to their rights and interests, as well as to the Inhabitants in general of the City of Exeter: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their rights and interests, and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the said Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before* the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the said Committee, m

468

2° Junii.

A. 1803.

-ird JJlll, td.

mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. jLee reported -from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an A<fi, made in the 3d year of the reign of K.ing George the Second, intituled, " An * A<ftfor cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, of the " City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, , Drog-" heda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballalt Office in the " said City and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Aift, made in the 40th year of the reign of His present

of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure,' had been complied with; and that the Committee had o-a mined the A negations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ter the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, light- upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to ing, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lancs, and Paf- by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tx ingrafted.

" sages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for " establishing a nightly Watch in the said Town, for sup-" plying the said l’own with Pipe Water, and for im-" proving and regulating tire Port and Harbour thereof," and for making better provision for the paving, watching, the Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, A1

cleansing, and improving of the said Town of; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein, and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom Kin^rton

Incbiure Bill, reported.

lotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kimvartcn, in the County of Warwick, and for m iking compensation to the

Recftor of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof, was commuted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolfed.

Thorn 71JIU->*»M Roads ill, reported.

Mr. johnstone reported from the Committee, to whom

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally

powers ot two Acts passed for amending the ltoad from Sacred Gale, in the Parish of Fhorngumhaid^ to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winejlead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton s Farm, in the County of York, and for lcouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofted.

Sir Francis Baring preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the iurthci Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at BUnkivally

said Port: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Refohcdy That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Heverftam j

Fnc.VH'c BiH ivporud. J

r

r

C:

0

Harwell

lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through for the accommodation of the Shipping in the

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which " they had directed him to report to the l louie; and he Tead the Report in his place *, and afterwards delivered the lVul, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Commons, Moflls, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- of in the County of H'eftmrland, was com-

grossed. mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found

that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Mr. Dundasof Berk, hire reported from the Committee, Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-

to whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found keeping in repair, the Road leading from the London Turn- the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had pike Road near the South or upper end of Harwell Town, given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the in the l’aiifh of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Committee (except the Owners of filiates afleifed to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said Land Tax at £. 8. 18 per annum, who refilled to lign County, was commuted; That the Committee had exa- the Bill; and also, the Owners of filiates allcHed at mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to £3. 19 8d. per annum, who were neuter; aril also, the

be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

East Tn^fa Wet D.K-ka Bill, sclented*

Owners of Estates affdietl at 14J. 4d, per annum>

who could not be met with; and that the whole property

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the belonging to persons interested in the Inciofuie is afiefled Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with to the Land Tax at £. 203. 9J. 6 per annumand that the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the no person appeared before the Committee to eppose the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a le- Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , directed him to report to the House; and lie read the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with gtoiled. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a and Mt. Lugdale reported from the Committee, to whom the second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally

■ Anfey Rv\\ for dividing, aborting, and inclosing, the Common and put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

v reported. 1 ’ WasteLand, lying within the Manors of Hartjkill and Anf- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amtndir ley, in the Ranfh.es of Mancetttr and Ai\fieyt ift the County grossed.

tndinents, be in*

A Message

43 Geo. III.

473

And the find Bill was read the third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that’this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Amendment.

jii-oHarbour An ingrolffid Bill for repealing so much of an Act, anil Paving made in the 3d year of the reign of King George the Bill, pafie4. intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, Har-

*! hours, and Rivers, of the City of , and of the " Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and and for

" erecting a Ballast Office in the said City and each of " the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of S/igo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, " the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Pafl’ages, in the Town " of S/igo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a " nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said " Town with pipe-water; and for improving and regu-" lating the Port and Harbour thereofand for making better provision for the paving, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said down of S/igo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, was read the third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the third year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An Aid for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, of " the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, S/igo, " Drogheda, and Be/fajl, and for eroding a Balluit Office " in the said City and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo-, and for repealing an Act, made in the fortieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, " cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, " Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of S/igo, in the County " of Sligo; for establishing a nightly Watch in the said " Town; for supplying the said Town with pipe-water; " and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour " thereof;" and for making better provision for the paving, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo-, and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An in§ro,1'ed to continue the term, and alter and Bili,pXd. en!aic the powers of two Acts, piaffed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of to

PattringtonCreek or Haven, ancTfrom the Guide Post in Winefteadto FrodinghamGate, in or near Widow

Farm, in the County of York, and 1’couring or cleansing the said Creek or Haven, was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill t!o pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in to

hem Gate, in or near Widow Bran ton's Farm, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnstone do carry the Bill to the Lord, and desire their concurrence.

kcioiu-eBiil for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several "omitted, ’ Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Watle Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Whitwick, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships or Liberties cl Tiring stone and Pegg's Green, all within the Parish of Whit wick, in the County o was read a second time.

Re/c-/; tv/, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legk Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, See.: And they are to meet' this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fend Report on burvcv 01 the Sec.

<A ^otJar.4.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the Vol. 38.

Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, was referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 5 2.)

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, by His Ma- Estimate, &c.j jesty’s command, te

Charge of Services ordered to be performed, and Stores presented. to be supplied, for carrying on the Service of the Office of Ordnance in the year 1803, since the Estimate of the said Office lor the said year was presented to Parliament: And 1

also,

A Statement of the Amount of Money to be paid in,

satisfaction of the outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ortlnance in Ireland, for Services performed, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The laid Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this;

volume. (No. 61.},

Ordered, That Sir John William do make the Bill to punish

Report trom the Committee of the whole House, to whom offender* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ship^&cf making more effectual provision for the punishment of reported, Offences, in wilfully calling away, burning, or destroying, Amendment. ': Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accelfaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of >:

an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accelfa-ries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, was committed.

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee . had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be i

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- 1

ment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In the Title, 1. 2. After " provision," insert " in that •:

" part of the United Kingdom called 1

" Great Britain." r.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Lands, and Provision in Grounds, in or near the Parishes of Saint Mildred's and RoadfiiiU. 1 Thanington, in the County of Kent, was presented to the ' '

House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to continue the 1

term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, palfed 1

for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Town of Fto the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Holy Lane, in Wine heap, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Lane, called Holy Lane, to the walls of the said City of Canterbury, near the old Castle of the said City, which forms the direct communication between one part of the’ (

Roads by the said Bill directed to be repaired and the said

City of Canterbury, is not included in any Turnpike Act; and the fame is, from the considerable traffic to and from the said City, rendered much out of repair, and is narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, by the ordinary,

course of Law; and that it would be of great convenience I

to the said City and neighbourhood, and of public utility, J

if the said piece of Road was included in the said Bill, and i

put under the-care and management of the Trustees for ' i

executing the said Acts: And therefore praying. That

6 E provision '

A. 1803.

474

3‘ Junii.

provision may be made in the (kid Bill for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Hollywood,

* quired by Law to be taken and made by perfous offering to " vote at the election of Members to serve Parliament, to * all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters u at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-

Scc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at pealing so much of the said 'Act, as relates to the Oath or Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Affirmation required by an Act, passed in the ad year of Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Karl ton rdnance inds Bill, mimitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Charlton, in the County of for fur-

the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act * for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corrup-" tion in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person having, or claiming to have, a

ther promoting the Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be right to vote or be polled at any election of any Member

or Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament: And that Mr. Giles, Mr. James Low ther, Mr. Bar don, and Mr. Morland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee A. Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there' Petitions of of the whole House. unto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Parish of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Eglojhaile, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for further con- Halfword?, said Bill. tinuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an Act, ’Stc- Road Bill.

made in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty King lartfhill and An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads

Anrt?y the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors from Haleworthy, in the Parish of David Jew, in the County

npafied? B‘n’ of Hartjhilland Anjley, in the Parishes of Alancet ter and Gf Cornwall, to' the Eatt end

of Wadebridge, and from the

it the Borough of

Anjley, in the County of Warwick, was read the third Weft end of Wadebridge into and throug time. Mitchell, in the said County; and letting forth, That fe-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, veral of the provisions contained in the said Bill will prove An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common highly injurious to the Petitioners, and many other Per-and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartshill and fons residing near or travelling the said Roads: And there-

Renfrew "loads Bill, .'ported#

Anjley, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Anjley, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. M'Dozvallreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for extending the term of, and altering, amending, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27 th, and 30th years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 29th, 32d, and 37th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrezv, Lanark, and Ayr; and for extending the said Acts to other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the

fore praying, That they may be heard, by their count'd, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Mailer of the Rolls presented to the House, accord- Banff Road« ing to Order, a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads

County of Renfrezv, was committed; That the Committee in the Counties of Banff, and Aberdeen; for building presented.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

a Bridge over the River

and for levying a conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, anti otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, MotionucU-That it appears to this House, from the Declaration issued conttoarf by His Majesty on the 18 th day of May last, and laid before Ministers, this House, by His Majesty’s command, that the conduct fjjoluwith of the French Republic, during the whole period which France.

Bill for Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- has clapled since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty of

Vade^atTcd °* t'lc ingr°ffed Bill, for the better protection of the Peace, is considered by His Majesty’s Ministers as having ia e, c . Trade of this Kingdom, be now read. been altogether incontiftent with every principle of good

And the said Order being read accordingly; faith, moderation, and justice; as having exhibited one con-

The said Bill was read the third time. tinued leries of aggression, violence, and insult, and as necel-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, farily creating a thorough conviction of a system deli-An Act for the better protection of the Trade of the United berately adopted by for the purpose of degrading,

Kingdom, during the present Hostilities with France. vilifying, and insulting, His Majesty and His Government;

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

Lords, and desire their concurrence. r"' 3

'SievVion uths Bill, 'tiered.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ‘‘ Act for extending the provisions of an Act, made in the thiny-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, m^.tuled> for directing the appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and , re-

That the other Orders of the day be now read; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ Dundas:

Tellers for the Noes, \ ^Attorney General, ( oir joh)i liony woou: So it passed in the Negative.

56.

333*

And

*fO VjEO. Ill*

3"—6° yunii.

475

And the previous Question being put, That the said first of their own duty, and have improvidehtly exposed to

proposed Question be now put; it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That His Majesty’s Ministers having, throughout the wholeperiod from the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, to the issuing of His Majesty’s Declaration of the 18th day of

danger some of the most important interests of His Majesty’s Dominions;

It passed in the Negative*

The other Orders of the day being read;

RefThat this House will, upon Monday next, re-May last, neither communicated to Parliament any know* fohve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ledge of the lense which they now appear to have enter- further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. tained relpeAing the conduct and system of France, nor any Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re* Ways and regular information of the particulars on which the fame solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^erred. was founded, or of the steps taken by His Majesty’s Govern* fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply ment thereupon, have thereby withheld from this House granted to His Majesty.

the necessary materials for a due and full discharge of its OrdThat the ingrafted Bill for regulating the vessels Bill for regu Constitutional functions; and that, by encouraging carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Ma-throughout the Country an unfounded security and confi- jesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign fengers to tl dence in the permanence of Peace, they have embarrassed parts, with respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the e e"e ’ j tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the pro- i

vision of proper necessaries for the voyage, be read the third \

time upon Monday next. "

and perplexed our Commerce, have deceived the expectations, and unnecell'arily haralied the spirit of the People, and have materially increased and aggravated the difficulties of our actual situation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Mr‘ Cannin^ lelleis for the ieas,^The Earl

Tellers for the Noes, fr'

f i he Lord Hervey;

34-275*

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being put, That it was the duty of His Majesty’s Ministers to make timely and adequate representations against such acts as have, in their judgment, constituted a series of aggression, violence, and insult, on the part of France: That, by dignified and temperate remonstrances, followed up with consistency, and sustained with firmness, either the course and progress of 'such acts would have been arrested, without the necelfity of recurring to Arms, or the determination of the French

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Four of the clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the dock.

Lunce, 6° Junii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1803.

Hatton

Prayers.

MR. reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure Bit several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of reported‘ Government to persist therein, would have been distinClly Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine ascertained, before His Majesty had, by the reduction of of Chejla', was committed; That the Committee had exa-His forces, and the surrender of His conquests, put out of mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

His hands the most effectual means of obtaining redrel's and relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, ac-reparation: That this essential duty appears to have been, in cording to the leave granted by the House on the 15th a veiy great degree, neglected by His Majesty’s Ministers; day of March last; and that the Committee had exa-and that such their neglect and omilfion have been highly mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to injurious to the public interests; be true; and that the parties concerned had given their

It passed in the Negative. consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and it appears to this House, that on the 17th of October last, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Counter Orders were di(patched by His Majesty’s Govern- directed him to report to the House; and he read the ment, revoking the Orders before given for the surrender of Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

The Cape of Good Hop-:, and of the other conquests then held with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where by His Majesty; and that the final Order, by virtue of the Amendments we re once read throughout; and then a which His Majesty’s forces actually evacuated The Cape, was second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally sent on the 16th of November: That on the said z 6th of put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

1

A

1

11

November, the hostile spirit of France had (in the judgment of His Majesty’s Ministers, as now avowed by them) already been manifested, for more than six months, by one continued series of aggression, violence, and insult, for which neither reparation nor redress had, down to that moment, been obtained: That the often five principle had already been distindfly advanced, of excluding His Majesty from all concern in the affairs of the Continent; that the Spavish and other priories had already been withdrawn from the Order of Malta; Piedmont; Parma, Placentia, and , had been annexed to France; Switzerland had been attacked and lubjugated, and the remonstrance of His Majesty’s Government upon that subject had been treated with indignity and contempt; the territory of the Batavian Republic was at that very moment {bill occupied by the armies of the Chief Consul of France, and its internal administration still controuled by his interference; and the French Government was then actually engaged in the pursuit of those plans and measures for the subversion of the Empire, to which

His Majesty’s Declaration refers, as a violation of the Treaty of Peace: That in directing, under such circumstances, the final surrender of The Cape, without having previously explained or arranged the numerous points of difference and complaint which then actually subsisted between the two Governments, His Majesty’s Ministers acted in contradiction to the sense which they had themselves manifested Vo t '

58.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg- Stafford and ing the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 29th C Road years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and committed. -widening certain Roads therein mentioned, from the end of 1

the County of Stafford, to and through to the

City of Chester, l'o far as the lame relates to the First Dif-tridi of the said Roads, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Cholmondeley,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Donc*fter Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the &c*

4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to presented. the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York, and for more

effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Bamby-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several present-d.

476

6° yunii.

A. 1803.

:t\vang,&c« ;loiurc Bill, nmitted.

•ad ford ving Billy lied.

several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, Com- year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and mons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to of Bartnby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of , in the

York: And the fame was received; and read the first: time. County of Wilts, to the top of Dunzvood Hill, and from Resolved That the Bill be read a second time. thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Rom-

fey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton,

- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within wa6 read the third time.

the several Townshipsof Wetwang and Fimber, in the Parish Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, of Wetwang, in the East Riding of the County of York, was An Act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of read a second time. two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the twenty-

Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this After- second year of the reign of His present Majesty, ior repair-

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, watching, and im- in the County of Wilts, to the top of Dunzvood and

proving, the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through

Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of 7ork, and Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of for removing and preventing all nuisances therein, was read ampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of

P3

wl

T:

dn

oi

u

-A

'ctition of inhabitants of Vcllcm )istrict of )ev on, a gain ft •ixeter Roads

the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving, the Town of Bradford.and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton

adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there-

Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

v.

A Petition of the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters of the Petition of Port of London, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill London Cod for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for Market Bill.

dimensions

in

the l'ale of Coals, for defining the dimensions of the different Coal Measures, and for preventing frauds and impo-unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Western District fitions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into of the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and the Port of wit hin certain places therein mentioned;

read; taking notice of the Bill for more effectually repair- and setting forth, That the said Bill tends to impose new and ing, improving, and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and Conn- additional burthens, duties, care, labour, responsibility, and tejs Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for expence, upon the Petitioners, and to reduce their working more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads pay, fees, and emoluments, and, if passed into a Law as it leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other pur- now stands, the lame would be highly injurious to the Pe-poses relating thereto; and setting forth, That the said Bill titioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, contains provisions which, if passed into a Law as it now by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of stands, the Petitioners conceive will be highly injurious to the said Bill as may affect them, and that the fame may not

the Inhabitants in general of the said WefternDiftrift: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their rights and interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, i their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon

their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

<ortlmewton Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to ireibntedB "’ ^rcier>a Kill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ! and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

i tures, and other Commonable Lands, within Northnewton,

otherwise Northnezvington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the | County of Oxford: And the fame was received; and read

• the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

<.ilmifton i nclosure Bill, Saised.

Whiteparish Roads Bill, passed.

pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- t;ces t'..r Pr> unto subscribed, being Owners of E'lates, Lands, and vii^m Grounds, having right of Common on that part of a cer- inci0iure Bill, tain tract of Common or Waste Land, called ‘The Pease reported. Marsh, situate within the Manorsof Lo/e/yand which

lies within the Parish of Shalford, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Smallpeice being examined, said. That in pursuance of

leave granted by the House, on the 6th day of May laid, notices were given on the door of the Parish Church of Shalford, in the said County of Surrey, for three Sundays in the month of May laid, of the application to Parliament for provision being made m a Bill, now depending in the House, intituled, " A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that " part of the Common or Waste Land, called The Pease " Marsh, which lies within ilveManor of Lofely, in the Parish

" of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford, and within the Manor of " Po/Jled, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey?

for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, so much of the said tract of Common or Waste Land as lies within the said Parish of Shalford.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, Downs, and Waste Grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or District of Kilmiston, in the County of

Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That thev Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

Downs, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or District of Kilmiston, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering the powers, of two Acts, made in the 29th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d the 2d day of May last, was made from the Committee, to ’4 ' whom

cer

ft:

■Dii

Cl

Lr

vr.

listy

Q

* X

zt

\i..

r,;.

■•ifj 1

’'trj

Or,

’h

Jr

*T*J

VTH.U. All.

& Junii.

477

lastruction*

Tamar Canal Bill, presented.

vyhom the former Petition of the said fcreral IWons, was referred, might be again read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that part of the Common or Waste Land called The Pease Marsh, which lies within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford, and within the Manor of Poljied, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey, is committed. That they have power to make provision in the said Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, so much of the said trad of Common or Waste Land as lies within the Parish of Skalford, in the said County of Surrey.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near MorwhellhamQuay, to the Town of Tavistock, and also a certain collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Kinwartfn An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the incioiurc Bill, £>jvjf10ri} Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed

Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kinwarton, in the County of Warwick, and for making compensation to the Hector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Pari ill of Kinwarton, in the County of

wick, and for making compensation to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill.

Oicd worth

I nr it ire Bill,

frtfeated.

Woollen Manufacturer* Bill, nported.

M r. P ennui doth e Wyndliam presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and Commonable Woods, and Waste Land, within the Manors and Parishes of Chedworthand Compton Abdale, in

the County of Glou after: And the liunc was received; and tead the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.'

Mr. Pickinfoti, junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufefture was

" for the better conducting and managing the btiliness of "the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future/’

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Weavers of Silk petitions of Goods, in the Town and neighbourhood of in M^irfaiaure

the County of Lancaster: And also, EarthenWar<

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Printers and Dyeris of again# Cuf-Silk Handkerchiefs, and other Silk Goods, residing in Man- toms chester, and the immediate neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Weavers and others, interested in the Manufactory of Silk Handkerchiefs, residing in Macclesfield and its neighbourhood, in the County of

Were severally presented to the House, and lead; taking notice of the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And praying, That so much of the said Bill as relates to the introduction of Indict Silk Goods into this Country, for the purposes of Home consumption, may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Persons in the Town of Macclesfield, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Importers and Manufacturers in the various branches of the Silk Trade i And also,

A Petition of the several Persons. whole names are thereunto subscribed, Importers, Manufacturers, and otherwise interested in the various branches of the Silk Trade, at Leek in Staffordshire;

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Bill, Handkerchiefs of Silk printed, stained, painted, or dyed, are permitted to be imported by the East India Com-* pany, for Home consumption, on payment of a Duty of £.25 per cent. and, should the fame pass

into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will materially reduce the Importation of Raw Silk into this Country, to the injury of the Revenue, and be productive of ruin to numerous Individuals: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said proposed Regulation.

A Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunder written, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are Manufacturers or Venders of Earthenware within the Town and County of Nezvcafile-upon-Tyne; and

committed; and to whom the several Petitions relating Clause in the said Bill, for reducing the Duty on

— - ~ Oriental Porcelain imported into this Kingdom, will tend

much to the disadvantage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will prevent the reduction of the said Duty, and thereby encourage the Manufacture of this Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie uboii the Table. P

Menort "Commit-fiords of Naval

thereto, were referred; That the Committee had considered such of the said Petitions in support of which parties appeared, and had heard several of the Petitioners by their counsel; and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wfere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Second Report of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregula-" rities. Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before ^inutts of- 1 the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to Committee or this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 30th Cotton Mann, and 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes tion^or* *’ between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton dered-Manufacture, were referred, be laid before this House.

A Bill for the further Improvement of the Port of-London, India by making Docks and other Works at Rlackwalf for the Wet Dock* Accommodation of the Raft India Shipping in the said Port, was read a second time. mm '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Baring, the Lord Mayor of London, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. from the Select Committee, appointed to «

try and determine the merits of the Petition of Mac- Eletooli, " by persons employed in the several Naval Departments namara, of Castle, in the County of Brecon, Esquire,

" therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; complaining of an undue election and return for the County " and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for of Radnor, informed the House,

" preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and That the said Committee hare determined,

Vol. 58. That

478

G°T‘

unit.

A. 1803.

tuliers, &c. rlijt'rr-com' it ted BilUi ported, with

.muidinents.

That Walter Wilkins, Esquire, is duly defied a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County:

And also, that the said Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Hob house, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. i. 1. i. After " Soldiers," insert " and Marines." After " Settlement," insert " in England." After " Soldier," insert " or Marine." Alter " Veflfcl," insert Majesty’s Navy."

Leave out from " hand," to " Rating," in

« ‘-37-

Pr. 2. 1. 7. Leave out " apprehended as or."

Pr. 3. 1. 13. Leave out " apprehended as or."

At the end of the Bill, add Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That cer-" t’ficates or passes, granted as here-

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry tire

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the thereunder-ligned Inhabitants of the Petition of Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was presented Greenwich

to the House, and read; taking notice of tire Bill for again# ’

again (t Ravensborne

fcnclgc &H.

1. 1.

1. 4.

1.27. 1.29.

1.36.

1. 7.

1.13.

belonging to His

,ins

building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its mouth or outlet into the River 'Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto; and letting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Clauses, which the Petitioners consider will be injurious to their rights and intcrefls: And therefore prating, That they may be heard, by their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

CWr/v</, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bid, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House, will, Tommorrow, refoive itself PartofKing’* into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Mercantile Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of November lall, as

- - - v J - - . to be further

relates to affording to Mercantile Transatftions all the facility considered. " tofore from the Office of Admiralty, and accommodation that may be consistent with the security " or War Office, to discharged Sailors, of the Public Revenue.

Soldiers, or Marines, or to the " Families of Sailors, Soldiers, or " Marines, serving abroad or lately " deceased, to carry them to their " respective homes, shall have the " fame effect and force, to all intents " and purposes whatever, as the certificates herein permitted to be " given by the Magistrate as afore-" laid; and that the terms of the fame " may be extended, in each instance " which shall appear to require it, by " a new certificate from another " Magistrate, in manner hereinbefore " mentioned."

In the Title,

1.2. Leave out the first "and;" and after " Sailors," insert " and Marines ;" and leave out " the," and insert " there."

1. 3. Leave out " of Soldiers," and insert " or " widows."

The said Amendments being severally read a second

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading J*1!1 of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the Vessels carrying Pal-fengersfrom the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Planta- fengerstothe tions and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with ^j?tl0>S| respect to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, in proportion to the tonnage of such vessels, as well as with respect to the provision of proper necessaries for the voyage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign parts, with respect to the number of such Passengers.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Bill to

7

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr Secretary at War presented to the House, according MiHtii Pay to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great for the year one

BiH.

prekntiJ*

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was re-

agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Jill to punish Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Read-troyinpSh'ps, *n§ t'ie ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fc._passed, for making more effectual provision for the punishment of

Offences in wilfully catling away, burning, or destroying. Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient Trial of

.’ith Amend uents.

Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of King Henry Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " intituled," -to insert " An Adle for " punyfshement of Pyrotes and Robbers " of the See, sometimes styled. An Act." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. !2

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered,

-- Gr

ill

10

, I

■ B

Oil;

ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To* , morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House tore-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 0r(fnance Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments Lands Bill.

C-

-i!

43 Geo. III.

6°?‘

mm.

479

Committee of

Supply*

Fiimates . referred:

.; Supernume-

i niry Officers. Chef Tea and

jCilmciinham

Hospitals.

D«.

Military

College.

Military

Aiylum*

Dragoon$,&c.

btr

General and Staff’ Officers.

, EMive Captains.

Embodied Militia, kc.

Contingencies

lor DJ.

Cloathing for

Hfifonce,

k for Dn.

'u;?l«in«n-so Militia.

v'limtcer

Co.pi.

■1 *snack De. f Anient.

j:

nance,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 2 5th December 1S02 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 36; days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea 1 lolpital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kihnainham; and of the Expences of the said Hospitals,

from the 251(1 December 1 802 to the24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Tha^ the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pciilioneas ol" C'le sea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmajnham, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military College, for tire year 1803, with the several Papers inclosed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences expected to be incurred within the year 1803, on account of the Royal Military Alylum at Chelfe for the reception of the Children of Soldiers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and One West India Regiment retained on the Establishment of the Army, and of an Augmentation to the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Three Regiments cf Foot Guards, for the respective periods therein specified, in the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of additional General and General Staff Officers in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies lately held determined by the Colonels, first Lieutenant Colonels, and first Majors, of the respe drive Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry throughout the Army, from the 25th May 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great and

Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the respective periods therein mentioned to the 241 li December 1803, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia oi Great Britain, and the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering the Embodied Militiaof Great Britain, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the said Militia for Small Beer, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated the 26th May 1S03, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Sums required for the Service of the Barrack Department, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Charge of Services ordered to be performed, and Stoics to be supplied, for carrying on the •Service of the Office of Ordnance, in the year 1803, since

VOL. 58.

the Estimate of the said Office for the said year was preferred to Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Statement of the Amount of Money ordnance. to be paid in satisfaction of the out-standing Claims on the Jate Board of Ordnance in Ireland, for Services performed, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War, reported to the House, That Answer to their Addresses of Thursday last (that His Majesty would Addreflei* j be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Papers:

therein-mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Papers re-to their Addresses to His Majesty, lat've to D|L

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Mahefe Deputies to Franc",4 WU Lord Hobart, dated ill March 1802; and Translation: And Pl'efcnted- ,] also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Maltese Deputies to Lord Hobart, dated 2d April 1802; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Minute of the Measures taken respecting M.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House. j

The Papers, of which there are Transitions, are pre-

served amongst the other Papers of this Session; ‘

and the Translations thereof, together with, the Appendix, other Paper, are inserted in the Appendix to /No ci '• this volume. * 5i‘j

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Customs. I-. Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- ISl? mittee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and ' to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee. 1

A Bill for amending,

_ and rendering more effectual, an Dublin Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th year ^jd*Brid es of the reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the "in," SeS Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more committed-

commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the Kwer Anna Liffey, in the City of; and also, for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improv- -ing the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain limits, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Claudius Beresford, Mr. John La Touche, See.: And they are ':

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Bin rtf repaired in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, in- EastindV*' tituled, " An Act for regulating the manner in which the Cs°h7Psany

" United Company of Merchants of England, trading to defend.

" the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their re-" gular Service," be read a second time Tommorrow.

Resolved,

4:

r$ and

ns,

rrtd.

480

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

6°-—V Junii.

A. 1803.

rd South-ipton's fcate Bill, mmitted.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Sai-by Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of with Thores-

thorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

\/T /V A rt f Vl A /'l A/’lr f V t ,• 1 * I * I 1 _ _ f 1 .. I_1

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 7° die Junii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

A

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right honourable

Charles late Lord Southampton, deceased, and Ann Lady ^ ^ ^ ^ ...

Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the Nezv t thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

la

hi:

in

'!'t

,-j tiJ

* Ac determined by

1

M:

ingfton and

icet bridge oml Petition, ported.

River, and for other purposes, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir Richard Gamott, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing three Acts, passed in the 2 2d year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the 8th and 32d years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon- in the County of Surrey, to a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And,

Mr. William Hammond being examined, said. That the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grofled.

m-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are petitions thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers of Silk Goods again# Cuf* at Manchester, and in the neighbourhood, was presented to to^|j’|Du,lt'

the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to repeal — the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and setting forth, That Manchester. the proposed measure of allowing Silk, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, to be imported by the East India Company for Home consumption, on payment of a Duty of £.25 per cent, would, if pailed into a Law, be attended with the most ruinous consequences to the Manufacturers of Silk Goods in this Kingdom, and materially reduce the Importation of Raw Silk, to the injury of the Revenue; and therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the Regulations proposed.

A Petition of the Lace Manufacturers of the Counties LaeeManu-of Buckingham, Bedford, and Northampton, was also pre- ftaurers of fented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of Bncks»&e* the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners consider their Trade will be ruined by that part of the Bill

.Trustees appointed by the said Acts have made great pro- which proposes to repeal the present Duty per yard on gress in the repair of the said Road, and have borrowed Thread and instead thereof proposes a Duty of £.20 considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, Vf cent, ad valorem: And therefore praying That they may which have from time to time been duly applied, for the be heard> bV theiI couniel? a§alnft such blll> a;u! that the purposes of the said Acts: That the present Tolls are found fame may not Pass into a Law* inadequate for keeping the said Road in good repair, and paying off the money so borrowed, which now remains due; and the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some of the provisions thereof amended and altered.—Then,

Mr. Joseph Hockley being examined, said. That it would be of more advantage to the Road, and convenient to the Banks lately kept in

And the said Petitions were ieveraiiy ordered to lie upon the Table.

1 fcl

IS

H.i

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Burtons the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ®ai^ted!and the more effectually carrying into execution the several Acts passed. ’ therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain the City of Dublin, called Burtons

Trustees, that the powers of the said Acts should be consolidated, and reduced into one Ad; and also, that the Road should be divided into Two Districts, which, in the opinion of the Trustees, would likewise be of public advantage.

irl Ferrers'* tiate Bill*

»mmitted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place called Sheet-bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: And that General Norton and Lord Viscount Cranley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of in

the County of Leicester (part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers) in a Trustee, to be sold, and for applying the purchase money in discharge of an incumbrance affecting the whole of the said settled Estates, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. John Scott, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Banks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satistadion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ^p"? resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to King’s consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of antiltiW-November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans- actions-actions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

1 Ik.:..;*: j W

t

7

3

J

o

r

43 Geo. III.

7°

junin

481

Ordered, That Mr. Welleftey Pole do carry the ill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

• r":

H-!.'

ie?L

01 ;• '

1f *L ' ‘ £ V!

h (

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ■

Mr; Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee. -Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr ..Hobhousereported from the Committee, That they Mr. , according to Order, reported from the Report

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, Supply-him to report, when the House will please to receive the to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

fame.

Addrtfc for Accoimr of Mont) issued pursuant to Addresses.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a further Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Irish Glebe Hodfes Bill* ordered*

Northampton-IhireOrd nance Lands Bill, ordered.

Houses and Offices, convenient for their residence, and to make provision for the repayment of all Loans lb to be made by the said Commissioners: And that Mr. fVickham, Mr. James Fitzgerald, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in

rJM

Bill to remedy Delefts in Exchequer Bills,

prdtnted.

FMfonOatlis

Bill,

presented.

the Resolutions which the Committee hid directed him to report to the House; which he read ill his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 'fables Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That supernume-a sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Three hun- 1/0^*1-5 dred and thirty-seven Pounds and Four Pence, be granted to H is Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fuli Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December-1803, both inclusive, being 365 days.:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That chelsea am} a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and sixty-six thou- Kii,.n?inhanl sand and Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, Hospitals* Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea and Kihnainham Sums of Money, interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices Hospitals, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, from there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect Glebe the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of De-:

cember 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Military a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand One hundred and College.

Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion.of this Committee, That Military a sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Pounds, be rA1ylum* the County of Northampton, in Trustees, for erecting Build- granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences ex-ings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance: pefted to be incurred within the year JS03, on account And that Mr. Wellesley Pole and Mr. Sargent do prepare, of the Royal Military Aiylum at for the reception

and bring in, the fame. of the Children of Soldiers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That -Dragoons,

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and eighteen thou-ing to Order, a Bill for remedying certain defects that have sand Two hundred and Seventy Pounds Eleven Shilling! occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills: And and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the fame was received; and read the first time. the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and One

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. West India Regiment, retained on the Establishment of the-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- Army, and of an Augmentation to the Dragoon Guards-morrow. and Dragoons in the United Kingdom of Great Britain

and Ireland, and to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards* I

Mr. Giles presented to the House, according to Order, for several periods, in the year 1803.

a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 42d Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That General year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An a sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Pounds, be Staffoflicer*‘

" Act for extending the provisions of an Act, made in the granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of addi-" thirty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, tional General and General Staff Officers in the United j

" intituled, An Act for directing the appointment of Com- Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803. I,

" miff oners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, re- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Effective " (pared by Law to be taken and made by persons. offering to a sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred

" vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to and fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence,

" all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at ‘ be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of " Elections for Members to serve in Parliament," as relates appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies to the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act, passed in lately held by the Colonels, First Lieutenant Colonels, and the 2d year of the reign of King George the Second, inti- First Majors, of the respective Regiments of Cavalry and tuled, " An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery Infantry throughout the Army, from the 25th day of,

" and Corruption in the Election of Members to lerve in May 1803 to the 24th day of December following, both 1

" Parliament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder, inclusive, being 214 days. 1

Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person, having, or claiming Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Embodied to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of a sum, not exceeding One Million Seven hundred and any Member or Members to serve for the Commons in forty-seven thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds

Parliament: And the fame was received; and read the first and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

0

to,

i*

be

Charlton

finance «nd* Bill, F&4

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Reading of the ingrafted Bill, for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at in the

time. the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, for several periods, ending the 24th day of December 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Contlngencl a sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Three hun- for ®°-dred and forty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven County of Kent, for further promoting the service of His Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.- of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of the United

And the said Order being read accordingly; Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803.

The said Bill was read the third time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Cloathing

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, a sum, not exceeding One hundred forty-three thousand for D*‘

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Heredita- Eight hundred and ninety-one Pounds Five Shillings, be ments at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further pro- granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the rooting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance. Cloathing of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and of

Vol. 58. ‘ 6 G the

482,

Y* Junn.

A. 1803.

the Rciyal Corps of Mitiets of Cornwall and Devon, for the 'year 1803.

«• Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding One hundred and forty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering the Embodied 'Militia of Great Britain, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the said Militia, for Small Beer, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fout hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated the 26th day of May, in the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, for the year

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of the Barrack. Department, for the year 1803.

R<?/oAf<i, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-two thousand and Sixty-five, Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the further Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the year 1803.

£>° Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Nine hundred Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty,. for the payment of outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ordnance, in that part of the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland called Ireland, for Services performed, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Orderei, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 62.)

mtcM

pS#

arrack part me nL

rdnante.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Militia ing of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made yesterday, Order for for printing the said Bill, might be read. Bill^f

And the said Order being read accordingly; charged.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

a sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted d to th; fame, with

to His Majesty, for the further Charge of the Office of Amendments this House d

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Soldiers, ice. of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act K).'* for the Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives Amendments, of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments' following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

1. 2. In the Amendments made thereto by the Committee, on the re-commitment, to leave out " their" and insert " the," instead thereof.

1, 3. In the Amendments made by the said Committee, to leave out " or widows," and insert " of Soldiers," instead thereof.

1. 4. After " mentioned," to inl'crt " ib far as relates "to England."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

bme Amendments; to which

etitiont

amnng ‘fade in eland,

> terred to a omraittee.

, r , nuiiuuiuciiu vuio 1 jlmuic doth desire the concurrence of

Ordnance, in that part of the United Kingdom of Great their Lordships.

Krttatn and Ireland called Ireland, for the year 1803.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ, for the cleft- fl ’ ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, in the rQOtn

of the Honourable Edward Bouverie, who, since his electidh for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

- 7 - ~ - — J oj

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Tanners armin'*8 ^e City of Cork; and also, the Petition of the Tanners of the City of Waterford; and also, the Petitions of the

Tanners of the Town and vicinity of Wexford, which were and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham

presented to the House, upon the 26th and 27th days of April, and the 10th, 13th, and 20th days of May last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly *,

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the con-

1:

llimate of avv Debt, dcied.

efented.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Committee Estimate of the Charge of the Cloathing of the Militia of to Ireland, for the year 1803; KiUmate for

r 1 c f, ., . , , And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Wickham, Mr. Jr,1!!.*

federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow matters thereof * and report the fame, as they shall appear Morning> at Nine of the clock in the Speaker’s Chamber, to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House: /

i AfiVhey Trre?rre<U° the Lordpi"**. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

U>rd Viscount Loftus, Mr Brugge, Mr John Smyth Mr. count of the Sums raised by Grand jurics Qf the several £uvm<Ud

Shazv LefevreMr. Alexander, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Nicholas Counties in Ireland respectively, for the last ten years; dif- h

Vanfutart, Mr. Sargent and all the Members serving for tinguishing each year, and each Afliae; and dist.ngufshing inland, and all the Merchants in the House: And they the sums levied the Militia from those levied for other

purposes.

The ingrossed Bill, for remedying certain defects in the Cmm^ Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 4. 1. 33. To leave out " the absence of."

1. 34. After " owners," to insert •" not being to " be found."

Pr. 8. 1. 4. After " Peace," to insert " at their general " Quarter Sessions."

are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 3 id day of December 180a.

Mr. Garthjhore presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Rood on the 31st December 1802.

And the Title was read.

4;*:

(Xo.fi;

■JM VJJSU. Ill*

7°—8° Jirnii.

483

Pr. 8. J. 13.

0"--

"P'u ' '1

After " fame," to insert * and in case the the County of Worcester-, without any Amendment: And " said party or parties shall be dissatis- also,

" fied, the matter shall be determined The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Hemfwortfi

" by the said Justices respectively, at dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Field?, Inctofure Bill, their next general Quarter Sessions, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

worth, in the West Riding of the County of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Kimble and dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common fndofui^Bni. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great , Liu tie Kimble, and Ellesborough, in the County of Buckingham; (

"or at their annual General Sessions, " in the County of And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for remedving certain defects in the Laws relative

to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other without any Amendment: And also,

«-w r 1 * * 1 . , t . f? r . 1 iii* . r Ti r__i 1 * i . *1 1 > * 11

y i*

■ kzi

Alloa Rubour, and

piviu*

m.'

,&c.

Dart, &c.

fishery Bill.

' S:;

Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Feiwdt A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr*

have agreed to Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Alloa, and for other purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the pre-servation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Teign, Dart, and Plym, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the High Street, in the Town of Arundel, to the junction of the Petworth and Roads, and from

thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North-east side of the Goswell Street Road, next -‘ ton, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the

Thurston Inctofure Bill, with Amendments.

AnihJd Jtwdb Bit].

Go.' ac!! Street Raid Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sperifbury dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common inctofure Bill. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetifbury, in the County of j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for Ixworth and dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ix-worth, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the lame

County; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lor* efTeding certain Exchanges between the Hight honourable have paired William Viscount Lowther, and the respective Devisees, under the wills of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, and the te 1 Right honourable fames late Earl of Lonsdale-, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, $.n Act for veil- France’s ing certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Land, and E,late Bill. Materials of building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the will of the late James France, Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the lale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

■J

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the end palfed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, inti-

/• ...... . _ . .—. 11... a r\ r 1 .1 1 1

OMamptou fcfcl* Sui,

31-

Bill.

of Chifivell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of

Middlesex; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, palfed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to * Sheffield, and the furthermost part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Cause-way in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of the said

Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell and through the Parishes therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel commanded mm to acquaint this House, that He will give Church to the four nnlc-stones in the Rumfordand Wood- directions accordingly.

Bill respecting East ImJis Company’s

Ships,

tuled, " An Act for regulating the manner in which the " United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the.defcired " East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular " Service," be read a second time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mcrcurii, 8* die;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answert# their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would Addreli-be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Account

ford Roads; without any Amendment: And also I vKioiureBiufi The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act % dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common si fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waites, and other Common-

able Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Caflle !J in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And

also,

Swton . I1* Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for fciiireBiD. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste i Grounds, within the Parish of Comberton, in

Vol. 5$. ..

Torquay Pier ana

Mr. Bul/er of Exeter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the county of .Devon, and for establishing a Market within the Town, Bill, reported, of Torquay, was re-committed; That the Committee had, made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the once read throughout; and then a

second

the Amendments, Amendments were

484

8fl

A. 1803.

n from ants,

second time, one by one •, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of certain Merchants and Manufacturers of

nJ

ju

their consent to the Bill, to the fatlsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

, That the Bill do pass

Bolton, Cotton Goods in the Town and neighbourhood of Bolton- , That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords: teottoa en-le-Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was pre- and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fBUl fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to fame, without any Amendment.

' ' amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for set-" tling Disputes that may arise between Matters and " Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that w part of Great Britain, called England And praying to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for di-ncV.sure Bill, vidirtg, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and passed. Waste Lands, in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of be now read the

third time;

The Ibrd Glenbcrvie (by His Majesty’s command! acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives his consent as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they fttall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do make the Report Greeno«k from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Im- Harbours,&c. provement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for re® extending the Jurisdiction of the Baillies of the said Town, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Boyd Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Sir John Skazv Stewart, of Greenock and Blackball, Baronet; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Grounds within the Town of Greenock, referred to their consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

■atti

* f.

L'lUB. '

Renfrew Ro:ids Bill, passed.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom BUho-n of Bris-

...... ,__________ j__________v____ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for tol’sEitaw

Ordered, Thart Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, vetting part of the Estates, devised by the will of '

and desire their concurrence. flier late Lord Bishop of in Trustees, to be sold,

and for laying out the Money arising by such sale in the An ingrossed Bill for extending the term of, and altering, purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same uses, amending, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the

passed in the 26th, 27th, and 30th years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 29th, 3 2d, and 37th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; and for extending the said Acts to other Roads branching therefrom; and for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of R enfrezv, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. aa. To leave out from the beginning of the line to the end of line 2, in Pr. 42.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge, in the County of , and a Road

branching out of the same to in the fame

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the parties concerned had given their consent u> the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s'fable. '

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Cotton to-of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An deferred.

" Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Maf-" tersand Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture,

" in that part of Great Britain called England

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday sevennight, the 17thday of this instant June.

Bury sad Bill.

Stqmev s Klhte Bill, reported, and

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the Ellate of George Stepney, Esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vest-" ing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the ’* Counties of Limerick, Cork, ejlmeath, and in the King's " County, the Ellate of George Stepney, Esquire, in Trustees, " in order that the fame, or a competent part thereof, may * be sold for the payment of Debts and Incumbrances af-* fefting the lame," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given

Mr. John Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the 28th year of the reign rcPort:d' of King George the Second, and in the 19th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House "called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Al- '

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feversd Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable

1<r Lands

*00 VjrEO. 111.

8° Junii.

485

1 G*

fe, . E

1,

Lowther’s Effete Bill, read.

Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saleby, tained, under the direction of the said Court, and for lay-with Thoreflhorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the ing out the residue of the purchase Monies, under the di-third time. rection of that Court, in the purchase of other Estates, to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, be settled to the former uses, was read a second rime.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open R, That the Bill be committed to Mr and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and celles, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Solely, with Thoref- ternoon, at Five of the clock> in the Speaker’s Chamber. iiorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, Mr. Nicholas presented to the House, accordr Assessed

and desire their concurrence. ing to Order, a Bill for repealing the several Duties under

the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of e An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for grant* for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right honour- ing new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for j

able William Viscount Lowther and the respective De- repealing the Duties of Excise* bn Licences, and on Car- f

vifees, under the wills of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, riages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Du- / and the Right honourable James late Earl of Lottfdale, ties thereon, under the management of the said Commis-

was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered That the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Successors, by the name of " The Fishing " Company," for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment, be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

fofe Marsh Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to

Inrlofur. RilL . ..... r J ..... ...

Diy appointed for second reading of Bill for else-blishing a Fishing Com-4iany.

sioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on J persons selling Carriages by auction, or on commission: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry to the Lords, the in- Mr. Lee to grafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the carry Relief of Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wjves of Sol-

"eBil,> whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that diers, in the cases therein mentioned; and acquaint them, r .. ^----- -- 1 rr.n.. —» j . n..r. that this House hath agreed to the lame, with some

&rc. Relief £ to the Lord

.t;

tn

Bew(bury Jj tiofure Bill, committed.

part of the Common or Waste Land called The Pease Marsh, which lies within the Manor of in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford, and within the Manor of Potjied, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Eills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 12 | acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owner of about 30 acres, who rvas neuter; and that the whole of the land intended to be inclosed amounts to 725j acres; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, ujyn the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Township of Deivjhury, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

agreed to the lame, with Amendments; to which Amendments this House desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

doth

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart presented to the House, accord- Bill for con ing to Order, a Bill for consolidating the several provi- Mating lions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties ai

under the management of the Commissioners for the Af- fcflH Taxei) fairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts: And the Ppdented> fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- s^ch^ela ferred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s moil tm- to Mer gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d cakTral day of November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile a ,cns’ Transactions all the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the fecuiity of the Public Revenue.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- [

mittee, the Resolutions which they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty Pounds be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real value of all Horse Hair imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

the Drawback of the Duties on Foreign Hair exported i

from Great Britain do cease and determine.

Nwthanp.

> 'onshire Ord-

land.

Bill,

Si presented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings be charged upon every yard of Mr, WellejleyPole presented to the House, according to Thread Lace, exceeding the value of Twenty Shillings,

Order, a Bill for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and He- imported into Great Britain.

reditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Ma- a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon jesty’s Ordnance: And the fame was received; and read the every yard square of Damalk Tabling of the manufacture

tangley', El,are Bill, Co«imitteil.

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the approba-

of Silefta., or of any other place not otherwise enumerated

or defer bed, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Pence be allowed upon every yard square of Damalk Tabling of the manufacture of Silesia, or of any other place not otherwise enumerated or de* feribed, exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

tion of the Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the a Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence be charged upon purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in re- every One hundred weight of Pearl Barley imported into imbursing to him the expences of Improvements already Great Britain.

made, and also in reimbursing to him the expences of fu- Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That tureImprovements, when the amount shall have been afeer- a Drawback of Six Shillings be allowed upon every One. Vot. 58. k H I hundred

486

•8* Junii.

A. 1803.

hundred weight of Pearl Barley, exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence be charged upon every One hundred and twenty of Stock Fish imported into Great Britain.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Tun, containing Two hundred and fifty-two gallons of German, and Hun-

gary Wines, imported into Great Britain in a Ship, a Duty of Sixty-four Pounds and One Shilling.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ‘ there be allowed upon every Tun, containing Two hun- ' clred and fifty-two gallons of Rhenijk, German, and Hungary Wines, exported from Great Britain to any other place, a Drawback of Fifty-four Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That " there be charged upon every T.un, containing Two hundred and fifty-two gallons, of German, and Hun-

gary Wines, imported into Great Britain not in a British Ship, a Duty of Sixty-eight Pounds and Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed upon every Tun, containing Two hundred and fifty-two gallons, ot German, and Hungary Wines, exported from Britain to any British

Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the territo-

" this day six months," be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upoa this day six months.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Billrtfpming reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, stops"'

" An Act for regulating the manner in which the United committed.

julating

Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular ‘ Service," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The said Bill was read a feoond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee<* refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thou*

* ft

6

so

d

ft so

* ft

P

lb

'72%

ties of the United States of America, a Drawback of Fifty- sand eight hundred and three, be now read.

nine Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence.

The said Resolutions being severaly read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other

I'cnditton In* llofure Bill, orumitted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Duties in lieu thereof, is committed, That they have Power thereunto-, which they had directed him to report, when to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said the House will please to receive the same.

Resolutions. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Repotted, tnittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made and Common Fields, Common Meadow-s, and other to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterin the Parillr of Fenditton, in the County of Cambridge, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the was read a second time. Clerk’s Table: Where the Report wras read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to LorA Robert Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Planners, Mr. Secretary at War, Ike.: And they are to consideration upon this day iuvennight. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, Finn the said Bill, as amended by the Corn-Chamber. mittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

c:

is

13

h

k

Tj

.flimatcs pre-:nted.

"ransport Hfice:

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, by His Ma- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Further jetty’s command, Majesty’s command, ‘ jwkDe*

A Paper, intituled,‘‘Transport Office*.—-An Estimate of L Hi mate of the further Sums required for the service paruimiu

" the Money that will be wanted for the service of this De- of the Barrack Department, in that part of the United " partment,' between the 7th June and 31ft December Kingdom called Ireland, {ox the year 1803. P

" 1803, in addition to the sums already voted by Parlia- A ‘ ,r;" 1

ick Prisoners i War.

Apptndixt

\No. 63.)

" mentAnd also,

An Estimate of what Money may be wanted for the service of Sick Prisoners of War, from the present time until the end of the year 1803.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The laid Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this (No. 64.) volume.

ViU respecting iorfes draw-rig on Turn-iike Roads, Hit off for ’;ix Months.

A Petition of the Coal Factors in the City of London, petition of was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of

- -r-----r----- the Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London Cad

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to London, for the sale of Coals; for defining the dimcnlions this Volume. of the different Coal Measures and for preventing Frauds

and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals The Order of the day being read, for the second read- brought into the Port of London, within certain places ing of the Bill to empower the Justices ot Peace within therein mentioned j and setting forth, That the said Bill England, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, annually to contains Clauses, which, if allowed to remain part of the allow an additional number of Horses for drawing carriages said Bill, will prove greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, on Turnpike Roads; and to the trade in which they are engaged: And there-

A Motion was made, the Question being proposed, fore praying. That they may be heard against such Clauses,

That the said Bill be now read a second time; by themselves, their counsel, or agents.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upoa their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do admit countel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The

to the Question viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day six months." And the Question being put, That the word " now," stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " upon

43 Geo. III.

8°—9°

48T

deferred.

ivl.f,

Cl£lL3l

Wir* wd Mean*.

deferred.

Bill to remedy Oefeds in Eichequer Bills, ttmmitted.

L"

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.-

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovts, 9° die Junii;

• Anno 43° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

Harwell Road Bill* paised.

interested in the Inclosure isassessed at £.258. $s. 4 annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; ~ and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. '

And notice being taken, That His Majesty’s interest is concerned in the said Bill;

The Lord Glenbervie (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His content, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act should be printed by the King’s Printer; and copies thereof, so printed, admitted in evidence.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Improvement of the Greenock Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for extending the fi-'bours.^c. Jurisdiction of the Baillies of the said Town, and for other 1‘ ’pa ' ’ purposes therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improving, An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the

the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. M‘Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurence.

London Turnpike Road, near the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road, near the Village of Streatley, in the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the term, and altering Bun-and An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping the powers of two Acts, made in the 28th year of the in repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike reign of King George the Second, and in the 19th year of paired. ’ Road, near the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called

Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Hanney An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in p^Wure Bill, severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable (Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of Raft Harney, in the Parish of Weft Hanney, in the County of Berks, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and in-

The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Earl of

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom doling, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Meadow, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Shrjwjf1?u|7’s, Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and effectuating an Exchange, subject to the approbation of ExchaneeBiii; Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Parish the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in rcrJrtetl. of eft Hanney, in the County of Berks. the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Truf- p;ure<1‘

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do cany the tees of the Estates of the Hoi'pital of Gilbert Earl of Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. bury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the County of York, and George Benson Strutt, Esquire, was committed;

r" Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Sported. * ’ *he Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the latis-the Manor and Township of Potter Newton-cum-Gibton, in faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any j,

York, was committed; That the Committee had examined. Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.;

ReJ'uived, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates the lame, without any Amendment, assessed to the Poor Rates, at £.21. ys. per annum, who

refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 7. per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons

V01.58.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River at or Wiiiington near Wiiiington Ferry, in the County of Derby, was read a El idsc Bi,l» second time. committed.

Resolved,

488

9° Junii.

A. 1803.

Lord George Augustus Henry , 8cc

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Speaker’s Chamber.

And they are clock, in the

u\m

■ill,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy, hold Estates of the said John Agar; toi which the Lords

desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded vis to acquaint this House, The Lordt Th*t the l-ords do requell that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of the full and survey of tke Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom the second Reports made from the Committee, appointed by

Bill for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Church, this House, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts ot co in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the command

for providing a maintenance and residence for the Minister of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His or perpetual Curate thereof, was committed; That the Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn ol 1802, wus reierred.

And then the Mvfiengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the lad part of the said Message into consideration.

R, That this House will send to the Lords a Copy Copy Cent is

:£a

;£ Lj

si

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be troe •, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- of the said Reports, as desired by their Lordships. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* g rolled.

the Lordi.

And the Messengers were again called in-, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith •, and a printed Copy was delivered to them, to be communicated to the Lords, And then they again withdrew.

*3.1

t Lords

An ingtolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A for Weston* Veiling detached parts of the Estates devised by the will of Millrefs Melior Mary iVeflon, in Trustees, upon trull to A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Strata sell the same, and to lay out a competent part of the Money

e agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the

11 to amend nd Tax,

Mcmption. A dts.

-r>vig Pro ft on toads Bid.

* ;l irecnlull Moor and Uvtheriao

■ Roads Bill.

arising by such Sale in the discharge of certain Incum* brances, and the Residue in the purchase of other Estates* to be settled to the like uses, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and Sale of the Land Tax; without any Amendment;

And also. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Chuntofcttfi

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act naturalizingwas read a second time. for amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Graham, Mr. Lxgon, &c.: And they are to meet this After* Townlliip of Marfden ,in the Parish of Whalley, in the noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn, in

the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for France^ to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or veiling certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Land, rca^ near the Town or Village of Long Prefioti, in the said County and Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liver -of York; without any Amendment: And also, pool, devised by the will of the late James France, Esquire,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act with their appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trust, to continue the term, and alter and.enlarge the powers of to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the an Act, passed in the twenty-tuft year of the reign of His Sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present to like uses, was read the full time.

~ ..... .... . Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

.Chili kh Bill.

Turnpike Road upon GreenlulI Moor, to Ha t herfage, and from the Chefl afield Turnpike Road, near Slcney Middleton, to Tolley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new branches from the said Roads to in the

laid County, and to Goose Great, near Sheffield, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the p^n^n>

Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers repoiwL of an Act, passed in the 27 th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodftde Ferry, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Chester, was committed;

I LII ft ode

1 Inciol'ure Bill.

Dagenham, in the County of Fffex; without any Amend- and to whom the Petition of Price, of

inent: And also, the County of Widow, Guardian of her Son

lhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Richard Price, Esquire, an Infant, was referred; That the dividinor. aUnumt*. and inf-lnCner die flnm and Cnm. Committee had considered the said Petition; and had exa»

Y e:\don fnelolure Bill.

be true •, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

i t.

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to the Parish of LUJlock, in the County of Somerset \ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Moor, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Manor and Township of Yeadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a in the West Riding of the County of York; without any second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally Amendment: And also, put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be infer more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain,

Militia

SSSST toF more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, grossed. Amendments, raised under two Acts, passed in the softy-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the part of the Devisees in the will of Mary Foard, late of Stockton, in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and Coheiresses of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition, by and with the consent and approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copy-2

The Lords nve passed Avar’s ’ ‘i&ate Bill*

A Bill to authorize the advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in Bill the Improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor, w®,n"' Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the-whole House.

Resolved,

v u;

7T,* I :• f

G:»

2

U-ifc

■S.

Cflstoms Pudes Bill, deferred*

9J XJt&U. 111.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-night, the 17th day of this inftunt June, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, be "how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

9° fun

489

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill for car Beading of the Bill for consolidating- the several provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under respecting the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, be now read. committed

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Completion An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. I.19. Leave out "the,"and insert "any;"and,

Bill, agreed to*

in the fame line, leave out from " aug* " mentation,'* to " shall," in 1. 24.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, itgreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Account! of Public Debt of Ireland, presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Assessed ing of the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and co^m,1 granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages con-llrufted by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. To-morrow', resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

(No. 65.} (No. 66.)

Mh Customs ind Excise KtguUtion

wu,

ordered*

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the fame stood on the 5th January 1803; distinguishing the years in which each part thereof was created distinguishing also, the different Funds in which it is invested, the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest and Annuities, and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin, respectively, the Charge ot Management, and the annual Charge for the lleduftion of the said Debt: And also.

An Account of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands outstanding, on the 5th January 1^03, under the Heads of—Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, and Loan from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801; distinguishing under each head, respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand con lifted, and also what part of the said Debt and Demand was then provided for, and in what manner, and what part thereof was unprovided for.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in tire Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee ( resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bul to vrmc the Bill for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in Exchequer I the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills, be now read. Bills.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy (rich Seamen as are now serving in the Militia ot Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Philip Stephens, Sir Thomas Mr.

James Adams, Mr. Markham, Mr. Garthjhore, Mr.

and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. \

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Nontump ing of the Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and o^na'cc Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Nortkamp>- Lands Bi' ton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of His conuiuue Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The said BUI was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next.

Bill for trai ferring Seamen from tl Militia to tl Navy, ordered*

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes: And that Mr. . r, . , , , -

Carry Mr, Wickham, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Alexander, do f 4 CommUtee of the whole House upon

Wttultrs in tfoand (ot voying Sj'ras, See. fitted.

prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

nuking more effectual provision, within Ireland, for the Buruihment of Offences in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or deftvoying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient Trials of Acceffawes in Felonics: And that Mr. C orry, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Or and Mr. Alexander, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Estim to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Cloathing of cloat the Militia of Ireland, for the year 1803; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they repo: had directed him to report to the House •, and he read the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table •. Where the fame was read •, and is as followeth •, viz.

Vol. 58.

61

ESTIMATE

490 9°—10° Junii. A. 1803.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for the Year 1803.

British Money.

Cloathing for 13,965 Private Militia Men ----- £. s. d• 20,947 10 —

Cloathing for 1,862 Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers - 7 >47 7

£■ 28,42410 —

ill for trans-rring: Sen-len from the liliria to the Navy, relented.

lalicious ■looting, &c. Bill,

;ad.

I*

ill to amend I 'edicine uty Act, iferred.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. T1" lori* Stratford: haTea«reed*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for De-to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the fence of the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present Realm‘ War; and for indemnifying Persons who may fuller in their property by such measures, as may be necessary for that purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ~ to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of two Acts, bald Roadt An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Bai-the further Prevention of malicious Shooting, and attempt- Parish of to Pattrhigton Creek or Haven,

ing to discharge loaded Fire Arms, (tabbing, cutting, and from the Guide Post in Wined end to Frodingham Gate, wounding, poil'oning, and the malicious using of means to in or near Widow Brautons Farm, in the County of procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious without any Amendment: And also,

letting fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^0, Act made in England, in the twenty-first year of the late for continuing the term, and altering the powers of two Road»Bill. King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his " destroying and murthering of Bastard Children and late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-also, an Act. made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for re-of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to prevent pairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late " the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children,"and belonging to Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of White-for making other provisions in lieu thereof, was read the parish, in the County of Wilts, to the top of

and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge,

illrespecting -ift India impany's 'Ships,

4 erred.

first time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re-" peal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign " ot His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on " certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for making dFeftual provision for the better " collection of the said Duties."

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itlcll into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for re-" gulating the manner in which the United Company " of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies,

" shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service."

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SIie0 Harbour for repealing so much of an Act, made in the third year ana paving of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, of " the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo,

" Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballast-office " in the said City, and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo-, and for repealing an Act, made in the fortieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets,

" Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo,

" in the County of Sligo-, for establishing a nightly "Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town " with pipe-water; and for improving and regulating the " Port and Harbour thereof;" and for making better provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common

an<l £%."■

Veneris, 10° die

Anno'43° Georgii Regis, 1803.

Praters.

tium A ,/T ]?. George Vansittart presented I a/iireBiM, ing to Order, a Bill for dividi

to the House, according, allotting, and in-■jitcct. doling, the Open anti Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also within so much of the Manor of Ha as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks: And die fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Waste Land, lying within the Manors of and

Anfley, in the Parishes of Mancetteand Altfley, in the County of Warwick-,without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Upton for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable and W afte Lands, nc in the Parish of Upton Scudamore, otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts-,without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wal«» for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons tnclofurt 1 and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derhr-, without any Amendment: And also.

The

ft

•1

k

Tht lords have parted

Adam’s

Estate

*ro uiiU. 111.

The Lords have passed a BiJJ, intituled, An Act for lettling and securing the Lands of and others,

commonly called Ehe ita/r and also, the

Lands of Dischandad or Dickendad, and others, lying in the Counties of Kinross and to and in favour of

10" JFu

491

Account of the number of rectifying Distilleries in and where situated: And alto,

An Account of the number of Stills in each Distillery in Ireland, and their contents: And also,

An Account of the number of Gallons of grols Spirits William Adam, of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the fame series permitted to each rectifying Distillery in in the

year ending 5th January 1803, and the number of Gallons of rectified Spirits permitted out of each rectifying Distillery in Ireland, in the course of the same year: And also, An Account of the Amount of Allowances made to the Distillers in Ireland, by way of on the Duty,

_ or otherwise; distinguishing also, the Amount in the dif-

Adam, and his Heirs and Assigns, in fee limplc, the Lands ferent Districts, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January of Hall, Woodjloun, Hil/end, Fisherhills, and others, lying in 1803: And also.

of Heirs in fee-tail, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn of Woodjloun deceased, of his real Estates, and in a disposition of the lame date, of his Personal Efcate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William

Bill, read.

Kick Ireton

the County of Kincardine; and also, the balance or residue

of the personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the hcl^BlU’ Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called CallowFloor, and other the Waste Lands, in the Townships or Liberties of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the leave granted by the House on the 8th day of March last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

An Account of the quantity of Spirits exported from Ireland, and the Amount of Drawback claimed and granted thereon; distinguishing the different Ports in Ireland whence l'uch exportation was made, and the different Ports in England to which such Spirits were sent, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

jQppcndixj

(No. 60.)

Noithnewton lncioitjie Bill,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Paf- committed tures, and other Commonable Lands, within Northnewton, otherwise Northnewington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford, was read a fe, cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane,

Lord Francis Almaric Spencer&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the futisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to.

the Land Tax at £. 1. 4 id.per annum, who retuled to A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for di- Hevertham sign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging toper- viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Mosses, "^urelJlU* fonsinterested in the Inclosure is aflelled at £-83. 17 s.7 id.and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

per annum-, and that no person appeared before the Com- *he County of be now read the third time;

mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had The Lord by^HisJV1 Majesty s^ command) ac-

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed

The Lord, tawpaffed

1

,' toe Bill.

to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr* Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Balfar Boehler-, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1*,

, »n and Stottbridre Wl Bill, treated.

House, according to widening.

General Norton presented to the Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kbigston-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place called Sheet bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to tire Bill, by way of Ryder, directing an Extract of the Award to be submitted to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Act IhouLd be printed by the King’s Printer, and copies thereof so printed admitted in evidence.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, MGifts, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari 11 of Hevcisham, in the County of Wof re or I and.

Ordered, That Mr. John Low!her do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

v

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom the Werrinpt. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Waites, and other open and uninclosed Lands, rep0llei. in the Hamlets of Werrinvton and Walton, in the Parish of

\iThe House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the iK thfciitry m Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the Paston, and County of Northampton, was committed; That ’’"y door*, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-

House, pursuant to their Orders, ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

An Account of the number of Distilleries in Ireland, been complied with; and that the Committee had exa-

'ey

specifying where each is situated: And also,

An Account of the number of Stills in each re&ifying Distillery in Ireland, with their contents, &c.; And also. An Account of the number of Gallons of Spirits which bave paid Duty in Ireland, in the year ending 5th January with the Amount of Duty: And also,

VOL. 58. 7

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee*, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House *, and he read the Report

492

10° jfiinii.

A. 1803.

port in his place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a iecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

C’.iedworth A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open incloi'ure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and committed. Commonable Woods and Waste Land, within the Manors and Parishes of Chedzverth and Compton Abdale, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Admiral Berkel, &x.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the House, and read; complaining of their did refs; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Bill to remedy

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- petsds in medying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing Baislrepwted of certain Exchequer Bills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and ailerwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, ond by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

Report on Sir James St. Clair Erjhine reported from the Committee, appointed to consider to what extent, and in what manner, ScotchMiiitia. the provisions of the several Laws now in force respecting the Militia of England, when embodied and called out into actual Service, ought to be applied to the Militia of Scotland, and who were empowered to report the fame, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to provide Relief for the Families of non-commis-honed Officers, Drummers, and Privates, of the Militia of Scotland, when embodied and called out into actual Service, it will be expedient to raise the sum necessary for such purpose by an Assessment upon Lands and Houses in each County respectively, to be continued so long only as a provision for a similar relief shall exist in England.

Referred to a Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the con-Committee of federation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

morrow.

House to

the whole House.

ir Address for Statement of Proceedings '■j of Commii-j. sioners for ;j Redemption ] of Land Tax,

-i

The House was moved, That an A<fl, made in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts,

" for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Statement (to had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the wuua lu committwea resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill con-the Bill for consolidating the several provisions contained [^oliiioni in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the T*r°*aing management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Alldrtd and for amending the said Acts, be now read. ilMS‘

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the manage- Bill, ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons felling

Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they;

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen Bin for the latest period to which the fame can be made up) of the Proceedings of the Commissioners nominated and appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by virtue of an Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, for the purpose of regulating, directing, approving, and con-

firming, all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain, was, ac-

~ ~ ... , - .. the Militia t#.’

the Ny,,

comniittci

k

ij

k

k

Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purpose of redeeming their Land Tax; distinguishing the number and value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts for Sale; the quantity of Stock purchased by the produce of such Sales; the gain to the Public re-fulting from the proceedings under the said Commissioners; the expence incurred; and the estimated value of the entire Property of which the tenure has been, or will •be, changed by the effect of such Sales, and Contracts for Sale.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Dublin

i?ebfors

cording to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do make the Report Bill w-1*1*. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an ^1^0, Ad, passed in the 4.26 year of Hpresent Majesty, inti- reponed. < tuled, " An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the " Moor or Common Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and " other Commonable Lands, within the Township of " Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding

" of the County of York-," and for making compensation ! ’

for the Tythes, and all payments in lieu of Tythes, within

A Petition of Prisoners, confined for debt in the four Courts Marshalsea in the City of Dublin, was presented to the said Township of Mickleton, was committed 5

Mr.

n

(i

*20 UfJfiO.

10° Junii.

493

Mr. James Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the said BiJl is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclosure, the BiJl being

veral Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Township of in the Parish of Roma/dkirk, in the North Biding of the County of

York, referred to their confederation, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true} and that the parties concerned had given their content to

Estimates, &c. prtfented:

Cape Breton*

Bermudas.

Hew Brunswick.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs MiJlwry of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year 18oj: R*acts-And also,

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanting in the CommifliC only to extinguish the Tythes arising upon the Lands present year, to defray the Expences under the Commission by the said Act of the last Session directed to be divided, pursuant to the 6th and 7th articles of the American allotted, and inclosed, and upon other Lands in the Town- Treaty: And also,

ship of Mickleton aforesaid, and to make compensation to An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His secret the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of such Tythes; and Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, for the year Services, that the Committee had considered the Petition of the fe- 1803: And also.

An Account of the Expence incurred for Works done Works at at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, between iarae" July 1802 and 31ft May 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence incurred for Worksdone D»atSomei at the Auditors’ Office, the Pipe Office, and the Record Houft* the Bill, to the satisfaclion of the Committee (except the Office at Somerset House: And also,

Proprietors of Estates afieHed to the Land Tax at £ .53. ' An Account of the Sum which will be wanted to com- Purchase of

who refuted to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of plete the purchase of certain Buildings for the accommoda- buildings so Estates afielled at £ t 1.is. 6 d.who were neuter; and that tion of the two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act Parliament,

the whole property belonging to persons interested in the of the 41ft year of His present Majesty’s reign: And also,

Inclosure is alielTed to the Land Tax at £ .515. 15-r.) and An Account of the Expence incurred in fitting up a House for that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made House in Abingdon , to be appropriated for depositing j^Jjadsfi an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed to be ’ ’ ' ’ T ’ 1 " ' ' ‘ ’

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somers Islands), from the ift of January to the 31 ft of December 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish-

the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the Honourable House of Commons, and for the residence of the Clerk of the Journals: And also,

An Account of the Expences incurred in printing the Printing of 56th Volume of the Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto: And also,

An Account of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the , RtP?'rs.at Fleet Prison. Fleet Prtfou.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates and Accounts are inserted in Appendix, the Appendix to this volume. , (No. 6*\)

Nova Scotia.

Dominica.

Prince Ed-Hand.

Newfound-

land

Vppw

Canada.

>: New South

v ' Wile,.

Haws,

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee o! solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- SuPPb-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Sums required R^"atf*&c ment of the Province of New Brunswick in America, from for the service of the Barrack Department in that part of

the tftofjanuary to the 31 ft of December 1803: Andalfo, the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the year 1803, be partment in Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- referred to the said Committee. Ireland,

ment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift of Ja- Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Transport Office: Transport nuary to the 31st of December 1803: And also, " An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the office*

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- " Service of this Department, between the 7th June and ment of the Bland of Dominica, from the 1 ft of January to " 31ft December 1803, in addition to the turns already the 31st of December 1803: Andalfo, " voted by Parliament,’’ be referred to the said Com-

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money may be Sick. Prisonei wanted for the service of Sick Prisoners of War, from the ot War* present time until the end of the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made Cloathin? o from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Estimate of the Charge of the Cloathing of the Militia of Ire ment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from Ireland, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Com-the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803: And mittee.

also, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty re-ment of New South Wales, from the ill of January to the commends it to the House, to make such provision for 31st of December 1803: And also, defraying the Charge of the Cloathing of the Militia of

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establish- Ireland, for the year 1803, as they shall think necessary. ment of the Bahama Blands in America, in addition to the Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said -Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Committee.

Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

ment of the Bland of Saint John in America, now called Prince Edward's Island, from the ift of January to the 31ft December 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1803: And also.

from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1803: And also,

»d. An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services cirii Liftm ^rom Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the provisions of

<We o{ , 4 A\icns>

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. Ordered. That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was

V'"

an Act, passed in the 4id year of His Majesty’s reign, for directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

6K Mr.

the year 1803: Andalfo,

£f, An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for

c^8 * Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in t Vear 1802: And also,

Vol. 58.

■ 9

494

10°—11° Junii.

A. 1803.

ilebe' s Bill, ted*

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits, in,

to lend certainfums of Money, interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their residence, and to make provision for the repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

That this House will,

Tommorrow, resolve Bill refrain*

East India Company*|

Resolved,

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the manner in which the United Com-" pany of Merchants of England trading to the East " Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular " Service."

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ships,

deferred*

lrmttee on toms ies Bill.

; it of King’s '• eech> re*

" ive to ereantile i-anfactions, ■I be further lnfidered*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, not to levy a greater Duty on the Importation of any Article of Trade into any of the Out-Ports of Britain, than what is imposed by the said Bill on the Importation of the lame Articles into the Port of London.

And the said Motion, was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, or the 23d day of November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the Public Revenue.

Sabhati, 11° die Jitnii;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Qitarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did

11 to ptinifti fences in eland in stroying ips, &c«

• dented*

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Order? accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said a Bill for making more effectual provision, within Irelandt Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. for the punishment of Offences in wilfully calling away. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to pro-sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for vide for the defence and security of the Realm, during the

the more convenient trial of Acceftaries in Felonies the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time

To-

morrow.

, ayappointed 1 r second ' acting of

left ion ;:ths Bill.

yt and

ns,

rred.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending the provisions of an Act, " made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing the appointment of " Commissioners to adminifer certain Oaths and Declarations re-

" quired by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to " vote at the election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all " Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at elec-" tions for Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act, passed in the 2d year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery and " corruption in the election of Members to serve in " Parliament;" to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or person having, or claiming to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of any Member or Members to lerve for the Commons in Parliament, be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

The other Orders of the day being read:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

And present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose:

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty’s reign, for conlo-lidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land 'lax:

An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts:

An Act to render the process of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; anti to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the time for Trials by Niff Prhis, in the City and " County of Dublin, and for making the process of the " Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the appearance of Defendants in personal Actions.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing, or carrying into execution, certain Orders of Council for the prevention of the exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway:

An Act for making better provision for the Parochial

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the granted to His Majesty. better government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland:

11 An

I ti

I it

*jrEO. 111.

ir

fitniu

495

An Act for repairing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth yeas of the reign of Mis present Majesty, for the improvement of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Alloa, and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of Peace, aft ing for the Western " Division of the County of , to purchase a conve-" nient piece of ground for building a Gaol for the said " County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply " part of the County Stock of the said Division towards " the same as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the expence of the said Western Division; and for the better regulation and payment of the public Expences of the said County:

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the Streets, Passages and Places, within the Town of Worthing, in the County of for removing and

preventing annoyances and obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the third year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, " and Rivers, of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of " Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting '* a Baliaft-office in the said City and each of the said " Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo-, and for repealing an Act, made in the fortieth

year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, the " Streets Quays, Lanes, and passages, in the Town of " Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a nightly * watch in said Town, for supplying the said Town " with pipe-water; and for improving and regulating the " Port and Harbour thereof;" and for making better provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein, and for the better regulation and improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof:

An Act; to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Feign, Dart, and P/ym, in the County of Devon:

An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of An Act for continuing the term, and altering and en-Jarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-first years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the eastern end of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Auflell and Lojlwithiel, and thence to the east end of the Western Tap/toufe Lane, in the said County:

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, and the tu'enty-second year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lan-(ajler, and from thence to a place called Heir ing Syke; and for maintaining, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hejl, to a place called Hejl Bank, in the said Township:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from the City of 11 crctjier, through Droitwich, to Spadefbourne,

within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, paired in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-VOL58.

second year of the feign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and the furthermost part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the end of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lamboirrn, in the County of Essex -, and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the four mile stones in the Rumfordand Wfodford Roads:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the north-east side of the Goswell Street Road, next ljlington, and near to the Road called The New,

over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Ckifwell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the Parish of,

in the County Palatine of Lanto the Town of Gif-burn, in the West Riding of the County of and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hather-sage, and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton, to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new branches from the said Roads to , in the said County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York:

An Act (to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngnmbald, to Pattrington Creek or , and from the Guide Post in Winefead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre, El’quire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, in the County of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton:

An Act for the sale of part of the Estates of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the intent and purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same uses:

An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution the several Acts therein mentioned, for the relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin, called Burtons Banks:

An Act for vesting, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Great Hale, otherwise Great Hall, otherwise Great Hole and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such sale in the purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same uses as the Lands so to be loid:

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements.

496 11° j

ments, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, -meath, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the Estate of George Stepney, Esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, pafl'cd by the Parliament of Ireland in the nth and i 2th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting l.*mds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Counties of Cork,

" Westmeath, and in the King's County, the Estate of George

Stepney, Esquire, in Trustees, in order that the fame, or " a competent part thereof, may be sold for the payment " of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame

An Act for vesting part of the Estates devised by the Will of Christopher late Lord Bishop of in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such iale in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange, subject to the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in

the County of York, and George Benson Strutt, Esquire:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of in the County of Westmorland, and for granting other powers for

dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and " Commons lying in the Manor of Sieagill, in the County " of Westmorlandand for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Middleton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the Parish of Tidefivell, in the County of Derby:

An Act fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Wafttf, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving, several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Manor of Alfton, otherwise Alfton Moor and Garragill, in the Parish of Alfton, and County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Linds and Grounds, within the Parish of Castle Bytham, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellesborough, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of

Somerset:

\inil. A. 1803.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartshill and Anftey, in the Parishes of Mancelter and Anfiey, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Lands lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rushall, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Aftabion, in the County of Norfolk An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of and

West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirkby-cum-Ofgodby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the County of Northampton:

An Act fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondfitam and Weft worth, within the Parish. of Edmondfitam, in the County of Dorset

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called The Nythe, otherwise The Nythen Common, in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Parish o fop, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and certain of the Commons and Waste lands, within the Parishes of Whitwell and Hackford, in the Countyo

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, and Wastes, within the Townships oi Wi Lazenby, Lackenby, and Weft Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hemsworth, in the West Riding of the County of

York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Comberton, in the County of Worceftev:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pariiliof Spetisbury, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Yeadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act fordividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Upton Scudamore, otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts;

An Act to dissolvethe Marriage of the Reverend George Markham, Dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Balfar Boehler, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the part of Bl ,rn

the

43 Geo. III.

11° Jnni\.

497

the Devisees in the will of Foord, late of Siockton, in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and Coheirefles of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other persons interested in making a partition, by and with the consent and approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copy-hold Estates of the said John Agar, was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lords __ The House proceeded to take into consideration the wixworthnU Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, a«d Thurston An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas a"reedw Blll> Mca^ovvs> Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pa-* rish of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open and

Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ‘Thursion, in the same County.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 19. After " Writing," insert " under his " hand and 1'caJ^ and deposited with " the said Solicitor, to be kept by him " among the Minutes of the proceed-" ings of the said Commissioners."

1. 20. After " conclusive," insert " as between " the said Commissioners, and to and " upon all parties interested therein,

" except in such cases where the acts " of the said Commissioners are subject:

" to an appeal to the Quarter Sessions, " or a trial at Law."

Pr. 9. 1. 37. Leave out from " lame," to " Provided," in Press 10, line 1.

Pr. 28. 1. 14) Leave Out " hereinbefore."

&15)

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ba do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for Frotedion of Trade,

Bill for re<ru-latinjj Veil-Is carrying Paffen^ers to the Plantations.

Bradford Paving Bill.

Kilniifton Inclosure Bill.

Albrton •viter ^closure Bill, v; h Amend roents.

Sutton-upon-Trent

Inclosure Bill, w>th an

Amendment

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better 'protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom, during the present Hostilities with France; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Ye lie is carrying Fade ngers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plania.ions and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the number of such Passengers; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, wa ching, and improving, the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Downs, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or District, of Kilmifton, in the County of Southampton; with-

out any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Au'cr!on Bywater, in the Parish of Kippax, in the Weft Biding of the County of York-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Tnent, in the County of Nottingham-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- ommitte. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- part of Kii lider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious tore‘ Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of Mercantile November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans- Transaa'° actions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill for con

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con- p^ov^ons solidating the several provisions contained in any Act or respecting Acts, relating to the Duties under the management of the Angled Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending reported, the said Acts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon ?*londay ievennight, the 20th day of this instant June.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Assessed Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Taxe,e?1^* repealing the several Duties under the management of the P°f Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excite on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House-;

■and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday sevennight, the 20th day of this instant June.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz. i

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seamen/ a further additional number of Forty thousand Men be i

employed for the Sea. Service for Seven lunar months, commencing the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, including Eight thousand Royal '

Marines. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wage* far a lum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said Forty thousand Men for Seven lunar months, commencing the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, at the rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Viitual* a sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thirty-two thousand for

6 L Pounds,

i° yuni

A. 1803.

498

11

13

fear and car of Ships.

)rdnnnce for ea Service.

Transports.

Vifoners of War.

I D\

I Barrack department n Ireland.

M

'/loathing of Militia of relaud.

i ?ill to remedy Oc lefts in Exchequer , >ills, palfed.

5ill to punish 1 )i.'vrnces in rel.rnd in ! :.ih*oy:ng riips, &c.

oinmitted.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said Forty thousand Men for Seven lunar months, commencing the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, at the rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said Forty thousand Men are to serve for Seven lunar months, commencing the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, at the rate of Three Pounds man month.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Seventy Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the' Ships in which the said Forty thousand Men are to serve, for Seven lunar months, commencing the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, at the rate of Five Shillings man per month.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the further hire of Transports, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Sixty-live thousand Pound-, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of Prisoners of War in Health, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Charge of Sick Prisoners of War, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence, be grantea to His Majesty, lor defraying the further Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That provision be made for defraying the Charge of the Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, wrere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The ingrossed Bill for remedying certain Defeats that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for making more effectual provision, within Ireland, for the punishment of Offences in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies, was, according to Order, read a second time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

iiarefpcfHng The other Order of the day being read > ff-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, ships"/$ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon (.fermi. the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the manner in which the United Com-" pany of Merchants of England, trading to the East " Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular " Service."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Limes, 13° die Jimii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIItn llegis, 1803.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Pitcher of Nort/fteet, in the Petition of County of Kent, Ship-builder, was presented to the House, and read *, taking notice of the Bill for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks Docks Bill, and other works at Blackmall, for the accommodation of the Enji India shipping in the said Port; and felting forth,

That the Petitioner is posseiicd of very extensive premises at Nort/fteet atom said, which, with great labour and expence, have been fitted lor building and repairing as well Ships of the Line in the lloyal Navy as other ships of large bulk; and that there are several clauses and provisions contained in the said Bill, which, it the fame were to pass into a Law as it now {hands, would materially infringe the rights, and injure the property of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect his intereffs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his couniel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition of unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, ()v,nerso^ Owners and part Owners of Piffling Vessels at or near vdie!^ the Town of Graacjend, in the County of Kent, was pre- a?;iinit the lented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain persons, and their luccdlors, by rithi;^ the name of " The Fi(Ling Company," for more effectually Company, iupplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their establishment; and letting forth, That if the said Bill, as it now (lands, were to pass into a.Law, it would materially affect the intereffs, and injure the property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may he heard, by themfidves, their counsel, or agents, against k:ch parts of the said Bill as may affect their iiitereils.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie unon the Table

J A.

until the said Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Manor and To\vn!hip.of Potter-Nezvton cum-GihtGHy in the Parish of Leeds, in the Welt Hiding of the County of York, was read the third time.

llefohedy That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Potter Ne eet on - even-Gibtony in the Parish of Leeds, in the Weft Biding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. IPiiberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Donc^«^ 4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places, within the Borough committed and Soke of Done after, in the County of 2'ork, and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein, was read a second time.

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. lVdberforcey Mr. Henry LaftceHes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Failures, Commons, incbrurcBA and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Townftup of com®*

Bannhy-

4*3 Cj e o. III.

499

Bnrmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Lafcdics, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Worthy siul v\V.t>

Road

I. iil,

reported.

Mr. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hiileworthy, in the Parish of DaviJJlozu, in the County of Cornwall, to the halt end of JVudeh'uhc* and from the Well.end of IVadebridre into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was commuted; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Pari ill of Eglojhaile, in the County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had considered the Paid Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lowther’j An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for eft'e<Ting certain Exchanges between the Right honourable William Viscount Lorether and the respective Devisees, under the Wills of Sir William Lozvther, Baronet, and the Right honourable James late Earl of Lonjdale, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James . Graham, Mr. James Lozvther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act:, passed in the kctiureAft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paii’ed. * " dividing, allotting, and including, the Moor or Common cc Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable " Lands, within the Tov\ nfh;p of Mickleton, and Parish of " Roma/dkirk, in the North Riding of the County of " York\" and for making compensation for the Tythes, and all payments in lieu of Tythes, within the said Township of M'ckleton, was rend the thi:u time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-lccond year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for di-" viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Com.non " Open Field-, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable u Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of " Rwaldkitk, in the North Riding of tlu County of York" and for making compensation lor the Tyrhc^ and ail payments in heu of Tythes, within the said Township of Mickleton.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to tue Lords, and deli re their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the (Cornwall.) Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the ekcling of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Newport) in the County of Cornwall, in the room ot Joseph Richardson, Esquire, deceased.

GH'I •

raing. Sir Frederick reported from the Committee, to ifldofurcBin, tile Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors of m,ng and Caitjhv.il., in the several Parishes of,

Chiddnigfold, Ha/kmcre, and Compton, in the County of Surrey, was committed.; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations •°f the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

\r;

parties concerned had given theit confeiit to the Bill, to the satisfiidtion of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the annual value of £.22o, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except-the Proprietors of Estates of the annual value of £.8o, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is of the annual value of /.3,000, or thereabouts; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iri-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Pease Marsh that part of the Common or Waste Land, called The p^\^%urc Pease Marshy which lies within the Manor of Lojeley, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas) in Guildford) and within the Manor of Poljied, in the Parish of Compton, in the County or Surrey, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing that part of the Common called The Pease Marsh, which lies within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Pari thus of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford anti S half or d, and within the Manor ot Polfted, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and Chester Roads enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 27th year of Bii1, PalTet1, the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Wood fide Ferry, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Chester y was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the tWenry-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodfde Ferry, in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and enlarging the Pier TorquayPiei and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Tot quay, in the County of Devon) and for establishing a Market within 1‘ ’ pa the Town of Torquay) was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 6. To leave out from " merchandize" to " for," in 1. 14.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour oi Torquay, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller of Exeter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Osborn reported from the Committee, to whom the Key foe ' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

500

13° Ju.

A. 1803.

Third Report of Com mi 1-sioners of Na*» val Enquiry, presented.

rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The Ho,use being informed that Mr. , Secre-

tary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The third Report of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregula-" rities. Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised " by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments " therein mentioned, and in the bufinel's of Prize Agency; " and to report such Observations as shall occur to them " for preventing fqph irregularities, frauds, and abuses, " and for the better conducting and managing the bufi-" ness of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in " future."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Recounts from Cham-j berlain's Of* fice,

? presented.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the office of Chamberlain of the City of London) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London on the 5th day of July 1802: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of in pursuance of

an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the streets, lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th day of September 1801, exclusive, to the 29th day of September 1802, indufive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of the 17th year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the lliver Thames, westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties aforesaid, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the purposes of more effectually completing the said Navigation, and for other purposes therein mentioned, from the 31ft December 1801, exclusive, to the 31ft December 1802, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of the 35th year of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, and for making a more commodious Street of passage at Snow-kill, from the 31ft December 1801 to

the 31ft December 1802, inclusive: And also,

_ An Account ot Money received and paid by the Cham-perlain of the City of London, on account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Bridge, pursuant to an Act of the 7th year of Hi& present Majesty, for completing the said Bridge; and also, of another Act, made in the 26th year of his said Majesty, for laying a loll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on Sundays over the aforesaid Bridge, from the 29th day of September 1801, exclusive, to the 29th day of September 1802, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of in pursuance of an Act of

.the 18th year of His present Majesty, for making a Street

or opening from Moorfields, opposite to-

wards the East, into Bishopsgate-street, and also from the East end of Chifivcll-street wettward into Barbican, from the

29th day of September 1801 to the 29th day of September 1802, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, for rendering more commodious, and better regulating, the Port of London, from the 31st of December 1801, exclusive, to the 31st of December 1802, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, towards defraying the Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the Mooring Chains in the River Thames-, and and also for paying the Salaries and Wages of the several Harbour Mailers and their Assistants, from the 31st of December 1801, exclusive, to the 31st of 1802,

inclusive.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossid Bill for erecting a new Church, to be called C/irijlChurch, in the Town of , in the Church'Bi£'

County of Warwick, and for providing a maintenance and residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof, was read the third time.

Refohed, That the -Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for erecting a new Church, to be called Chris;

Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of

Warwick, and for providing a maintenance and residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. DugJa'edo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Birmingham ' ‘lurch p-illed#

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom Lancing in. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- elofure b;u, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open rei, orttd' and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Pari Hi of Lancing, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Comn«tt«w Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling ,luie‘o,-d-in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon njnceiM<k Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings

thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten be added who are appointed to prepare

vf<w'r>er'>' to f.e Gentle...cn,

and bring in, a Bill, for -m

regulating the Markets with in the Town of Black-cu.m, in

the County Palatine of Lan-mjeer; for dividing, inch ang,

and disposing of a parcel of YYaftc Ground, within die

1 O'.VI.itiip

1

:o-

he

lie

Tr

H-

of

M

43 Geo.

13° Ju

Wl

:rJ

of

A

,.er

till. prefen t«U

Jrifli Customs mil Excite

Herniation

Bill,

presented.

Township of Blackburn, called The Town's Moor; and for Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commit watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating, the Streets resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and other places within the said Town. . the Bill for making more effectual provision, within Ire- Ireland i

Mr. Pattenpresented to the House, according to Order, land, for the punishment of Offences in wilfully calling gytr(oy^ A.M Kill And the fame was received} and read the away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and lpl'

for t!ie more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies,

the said Bill first time.

Resolved, That the Bill -be read a second time.

Mr. Ormsby presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, lor the better collection and security of His Majesty’a Revenue-of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further regulations for the like purposes: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereurito; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Wildmore Fen, &c. Drainage Bill* jeommitted.

r, Ce f*"*

ere-

r ci

HU

A Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called Hrildmore Fen, and the Weft and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jeffery, Mr. E/liJon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

France’s Elhte Bill, committed.

K-.il>:*

al

(s

S Ct

jrr.* tic rue; it to rfca: };? h:3 1 ii>

:ioc.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold. parcels of Land, and' materials of building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, deviled by the will of the late James France, Esquire, with their appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trull, to sell the same, and to Jay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like uses, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jeffery, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.*.

Committee oa Ktport re-[paring Laws to be applied to Scotch Militia.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the p'po0rt-^" Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Speech, re; consider further of lo much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of actions. November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans-actions all the facility and accommodation that may be con-fillent with the Security of the Public Revenue, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighty Pounds be charged for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real value of all China Ware imported into Great Britain by the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Pound weight of Opium imported by the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Pound weight of Opium imported into Great Britain directly from the place of its growth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence be charged upon every Pound weight of Opium imported into Great Britain

:f;E'

1 ff) ,.•'0

sww r;ii,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to V "7 , Y i"FTih

, . /tr. , . rA , , , not directly from the place ot its growth

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to v / rP, f, n

-, , ... , c i 1 nat it is the Opinion of this

consider of the Report which was made trom the Com- - J - -- ...... - —

mittee, appointed to consider to what extent, and in

what manner, the provisions of the several Laws now in

force respecting the Militia of England, when embodied

and called out into atflual Service, ought to be applied to'

the Militia of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had cl ire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further prevention of malicious fbooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire-arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poiloning, and the malicious uling of means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the

Committee, That

a Drawback of Two Shillings and Sixpence be allowed upon every Pound weight of Opium having been imported from the place of its growth, when exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Shillings be allowed upon every Pound weight of Opium having been imported not directly from the place of its growth, when exported from Great Britain.

The said Kesolutions being severally n*ad a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of . the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Kesolutions.

3?

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself Par* °hf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further timber con-; of Io much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both fidered. malicious setting fire to Buildings; and also for repeal- Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November last, as

ing a certain Act, made in England in the 21 ft year of the relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the faci-

late King James the First, intituled, "AnA<51 to prevent lity and accommodation thatmay be consistent with thefecii,- ,

" the destroying and murthering of' Bastard Children;" rity of the Public Revenue.

and also an Act, made in Ireland in the 6th year of the

mign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the BUI for btn,

" prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Chil- better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Ma-. 5"^ ui " dren," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, jesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and ordered! 1 was, according to Order, read a second time. other trading Ships and Vt-iicls: And that Mr. Nicholas

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Vanjittart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Phi lip Ste-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to-a Committee phens, Mr. IVi!Ham Eliot, Sir Thomas Troubridge, Mr. James of the whole House. " Adams, Mr. Markham, Mr. Garthjkore, Mr. Attorney Ge-

Ref/ved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself neral, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, into a Committee of the whole House upon the said BUI. the fame. vol. 58. 6M The

502

13—14°

A. 1803.

: ;ranl*

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve charge of certain Incumbrances affecting the said settled me.i non the itfelt' into a Committee of the whole 1 louf'c, upon the Bill Estates, and in reducing and repairing the Maiffion-house Miiiiia to the for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now called being part of the ia=d settled Estates,

deterred’ serving in the Militia of Great Britain; —’ *•' i*-'-—-*- i—j

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Day appointed for Second 'Reading of b:\int James's Work house, &c. Bill.

y

t

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a new Workhousein the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster and for amending and enlarging the powers of l'o much of an Act, passed in the id year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Poor of the said Parish; and also ■for amending an Act, passed in the ill year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, "An Act for cresting " anew Parish, to be called the Parish of Saint James, within " the Liberty of Westminster f be read a lccond time upon Tommorrow lcvennight, the 21 ft day of this instant June.

and to lay out the ultimate Surplus of the Monies produced by l'uch Sale in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the ufesot the remaining part of the said settled Estates; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veil- Marquis of ing the defeended Estates of the Most honourable Wills late Marquis of Domnshire, and Arthur late Marquis of.

Downshire, respectively deceased, in Trufcces, in trull, to be disposed of under the directions of the High Court of Chancery, lor payment of their respective Debts; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act forest'eft- Co-nwnl!'$ ing the Sale of the M a nil on house and Grounds late of

Lords Amendment to Sutton-upon Trent Inclcfure Bill, agreed to.

John Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of The House proceeded to take into corfsideration the Hendon, in the County of and for inverting the

Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fullow-eth; viz.

Pr. 32. 1. 8. Leave out from " which" to " fhrdl," in 1. io.

The said Amendment being read a second

Purchase-money, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate, to be settled to the fame utes; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

time, was, upon

j1 Committee of

j W.i) s ;md i Means.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That Mr. Denijon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means far railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlcii into the said Committee.

TVIr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported trom the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1 f, The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys ‘ ia¥c agreed to aI)(j tyjr. Ol d:

- Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ire- irish Glebe land to lend certain sums of Money, interest-lree, tolncum- k'minh^dl’ bents of Benefices there, for the purport of enabling them to crest Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners, was, according to Order, read a second time. q

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, uuon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Iloule resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Comroitwoa ' House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, parted f

in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, comr:my'»

)SuBply,

T deterred.

" An Act for regulating the manner in winch the United " Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eeft " Indies, lb all hire and take up Ships for their regular Ser-" vice:"

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.,

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ship).

Martis, 14° die Junii;

Anno 430 Georgii lll'n Regis, 1 803.

Charlton Ordnance i Uinds Bill, t'

A1

the

Walthr.m Sf. Law re be c In* Ci ji'l!'- "

<3righthelm-ton Chapel Bill.

The Lords

.uve passed

Prayers.

BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pallures, within the Precincts of the Manor of comrutaJ. Waltham Saint Lawrence > and also within so much ct the Manor of Ha/l> as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dim of Berkshire, Mr. George Vansittart, &c.: And they to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in Speaker’s Chamber.

das are the

•ir Edward, , tales Estate Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, part of the settled Estates of Sir Edward Hales, Baronet, in Trustees,

-in tr.uft, to fell under the directions of the High Court of for settling and securing the Land Chancery, and to apply the Money arising thereby in dif- others, commonly called The Blair Adam Estate-, aoo 8 -

of Craigen

and

also

11iC

conunii

fttetl*

10

>0.

'u:c

•ft

MiS

cl. Mr B-lu.

' or

j’:e

.:a

:o,

:.Ct- Crr

43 Geo. III.

14° Ju

503

the Lands of Dischandad or Dickendad, and others; lying in the Counties of Kinross and to and in favour of William Adam, of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the fame series of Heirs in Fee-tail, and under the lame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn ol Woodfoudeceased, of his real Estates. and in a disposition of the fame date, of his personal Estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid Adam,

and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee-simple, the Lands of Hall, Woodjioun, Hil/end, Fiflurhiland OLhers, lying in

the County of Kincardine; and also the balance or residue of the personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn, was read a second time,

• Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas

of Berkshire.Sir William Pulteney, ike.: And the)' are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of i 1 is preiept Majesty, for rir.ki. g and maintaining the said Navigation, was committed; That the C )in-rniftee had examined the Allegations of the B.l', and fou id the lame to be true; and that the Committee Had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ktyiw In‘

tfoAirc Bill, passed.

A Eill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal TamirCan from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Morwhcllham committed. Quay, to the Town of Tavijtock, and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Ddvon, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford, was read Air. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Lord South* the third time. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

am l: Bill,

by-t-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a power in a reported,

1 Act for^incJ°sing Lands in the Iarish ot Key foe, in the Settlement, made by the Right honourable Charles late amipaiicd.

Cornwall*! Estate Bill, read.

An

County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gjborn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bi!l from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion-house and Grounds, late of John Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Pa-

Lord Southampton, deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New River, and for other purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the rish of Hendon, in the County of Middle [ex, and for in- Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he de-

Marquis of Down (hi re’s Efhte Bill, rod.

livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to the fame, without any Amendment, for vetting the defeended Estates of the Mott honourable

vetting the Purchase-money, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate, to be settled to the the same uses, was read the first: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Werrinaton and Walton Iiidofure Bill, passed.

8t Edward

Hiiles hitate

Bill,

read.

Wills late Marquis of Downshire, and Arthur, late Alar-quis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in Trustees, in

trust, to be disposed of, under the directions of the High Court of Chancery, for payment of their respective Debts, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and other open and uninclosed Lands, in the Hamlets of Werringtonand Walton, in the Pari fit of Paflon, and County of Northampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of and Walton, in the Parish of Paflon, and County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Mdfuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, part of the settled Estates of Sir Edward Ha les. Baronet, in Truffles,' in trust, to fell under t lie directions the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money ariting thereby in tliicharge of certain Incumbrances aflefting the said settled Estates, and in reducing and repairing the Mansion-house called Hales Place, being part the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate Surplus of the Monies produced by such Sale in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the remaining part of the said settled Estates, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing

allotting,

and inclos- Lancin? ru-

ing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common clt Failures, Open and Common Downs, and other Com- e ’ monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Sussex, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Sffex.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzvindo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Weller The Lords . have agreed tc

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act County for remedying cartain defects in the Laws relative to the BrldtiesBil1, building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for G.wnock the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of j*,£t,°urs>&c Greenock, and for other purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

®°rf« and isanerltt Ca-

lL»> bill,

'ported.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Elbnd-cum- . the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several ^urc Bill"' Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, Moors, and reported.' ’; Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of

cum-Greellin the Parish of Halifax, and West Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Mr . Burland reported from the Committee, to whom House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the with; and that the Committee had examined the Ailega-Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation, to raile a further sum tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that of Money towards completing the said Canal; and for al- the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill,

Vol. 58. to

1

504

14° Ju

A. 1803.

to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Coming the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 29th mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to and widening certain lloads therein mentioned, from the report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; end of the County of Stafford, to and through and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, to the City of lo far as the fame relates to the

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were First District of the said Roads, was committed; That once read throughout; and then a a second time, one by the Committee had examined the Allegation?of the Bill, one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gr oiled.

, Wetwang,&c. Mr. IVilbcrforce reported from the Committee, to whom

Sported* Blll> Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of and Fun her, in the Parish of Wetivanp, in the East Riding of the County of Torir, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, r relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- B'll for cfh-ing of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their kll!1"n&aF,rtu

_ o * _ O___ _ . iner Cnmn inu.

C 11 W U 1 11 J ailU 1VUUU L 11V lailJIV IV/ VJ u u V J UliU I 1 I t* L. v/* V * ill A V/ m mvvy* m. p

parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to Successors, by the name of " The Eishing Company," coLmitted.^'

Vttlev Inclo* riire Bill,

- eportedw

the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprie tors of 34 Oxgangs of Land and 5 Cottage Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 244 Oxgangs and 93 Cottage Rights; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: \V here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, XDne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Wilberforcereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, the several

Commons, Field Lands, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Weft

Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gressed.

fur more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fith, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment;

A Motion was made, and the Question beine proposed,

T1 rat the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Quell ion; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now,’* stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVid:am Geary, Mr. Calcraft,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the five- Petition ral Persons, whole names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners and part Owners of c<m:uci <*• Fifiling Vest'els at or near the Town of in the deitd-

County of Kent, which was yesterday p re fen ted to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their count'd, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fr.id Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Third Report >n Survey of •he Coasts, &c. ♦i Scotland*

Jpptttaix,

(No. 52.)

Mr. HazvkinsBrozvne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, was referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House; That tlieCom-mittee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report and Appendix are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

;ufficr Hoad* Eyertoureported from the Committee, to whom p. ’!. the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarg-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities, whereof the charges of Ten Millions are to be defrayed on the part of Great Britain, and of Two Millions on the part of Ireland.

Resolved, Tint it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tcrp'of* every Contributor to the said sum of Twelve Millions shall, for every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of Eighty Pounds in Annuities, after the rate ot Three Pounds per centum, to com-

®"'i«onAn-

V;:k'e of

*h?*nyt *c.

43 (jecx. IIL

14° Janiu

50$

mence from the 5th day of July 1805, and to be added I shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the several and

lo and made one joint Stock with the £.3. centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d years of the reign of his late Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and trans-terrable at the Bank of England, at the lame time, and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption, as the said £.3. per centum Consolidated Annuities.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further principal sum of Eighty Pounds in Annuities, after the rate of £3, per centum, to commence from the 5th day of April 1803, and to be added to and made one joint Stock with certain Annuities, after the rate of £.3. per centum, which were reduced from £, 4. to £. 3. per centum, by an Act made in the 23d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the lame time, and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3. per centum Reduced Annuities.

That every such Contributor shall also be entitled to an Annuity of Six Shillings and Five Pence per centum, to commence from the 5th day of April 1803, and to continue for the term of fifty-six years and nine months, and then to cease; which Annuity of Six Shillings and Five Peace per centum, so to continue for fifty-six years and nine months, shall be added to and made one joint Stock with the Annuities payable at the Bank of England\ which by icveral Aifts, were granted for the respective terms therein mentioned, and were, by the Acts of the 4th, 20th, and 2zd years of the reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made one joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the same time, and in the same manner as the said Annuities so consolidated by the Acts of the 4th, 20th, and 22d years of the reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England.

That the several Annuities after the rate of Three Pounds per centum, Three Pounds per centum, and Six Shillings and Five Pence per centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

1 That every Contributor shall, on or before the 17th day of this instant June, make a deposit of £.10. per centum on such futn as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said sum of Twelve Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future payments, on or before the days or times herein after mentioned; that is to lay:

£. 10. per centum on or before the 22d day of July next.

£. 15. per centum on or before the 19th day of August next.

reipcdiv$ Rates and Duties following; that is to say:

For and in respect of the Property in any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, throughout Great Britain, for every Twenty Shillings of the animal Value thereof, the sum of * - o 1 ®

For and in relped of the occupation of any Lands> Tenements, 01 Hereditaments (other than a Dwelling House occupied by a Tenant distinct from a Farm of Lands) in England, Walts, and Berwick-upon-Tzceedj for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the additional sum of - - o O 9

For and in relped of the occupation of any Lands,

Tenements, or Heritages, in Scotland (other than a Dwelling House occupied by a Tenant distinct

£.\ 5. per centum on or before the 16th day of September next.

£-io, per centum on or before the 21ft day of October next.

£'15* Per centum on or before the 18th day of November next; and,

.15. per centum on or before the 23d day of December next.

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the whole of ht$ or her Contribution Money towards the said sum of Twelve Millions, at any time on or before the 17th day of November 1803, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the rate of £ 5. per centum per annum on the lbm so advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 23d day of December 1803. y That all the Monies lo to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from time to time for such Services, for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been vef-d by this House in this Session of Parliament.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there

Vol. 58.

from a Farm of* Lands) for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the additional sum of 0 O 6 For and in respect of the property in any Dwelling House, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual V alue thereof the sum of - - - -010

For and in respect of the property in any Furniture,

Cattle, Goods or Chattels, let to be used with any Dwelling House, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, through Great Britain, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Rent thereof, the sum of - O 0 6

Upon every Public Office or Employment of Profit, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value of the Profits and Gains thereof, and upon every Annuity, Pension, or Stipend, payable by His Majesty, or out of the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Amount thereof, the sum of - - - O 1 O

Upon all Interest of Money, Annuities, Dividends, and Shares of Annuities, payable to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Companies or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate (except Persons not Subjects of His Majesty, and not being resideut in Great Britain, in respect of any Public Annuity or Dividend) for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Amount thereof the lum of - - . - o 1 o

Upon all the annual Profits arising or accruing to any Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, from any kind of Property whatever, whether situ-ate in Great Britain or e)fewher£,or from any Annuities, Allowances, or Stipends, or fromany Profession. Trade, or Vocation, whether the fame respectively shall be carried on in Great Britain or else-w here, for every Twenty Shillings of such Profits or Gains, the lum of - 010

Upon the annual Profits or Gains arising or accruing to any of His Majesty’s Subjects, although not resident in Great Britain, from any kind of Property whatever in Great Britain, or from any Profdlion, Trade, or Vocation, exercised in Great Britain (except such Property as shall be charged with any Duty, or be subject to any Contribution) for every fJ wenty Shillings of such Profits or Gains, the yearly sum of - OXo

And upon the annual Profits or Gains, arising or accruing to any Person or Persons whatever, although not Subjects of His Majesty, nor resident within Great Britain, from any Property whatever in Great Britain, or any Trade, Profession, or Vocation, exercised in Great Britain (except such Property which shall be charged with any Duty, or be subject to any Contribution) for every Twenty Shillings of such Profits or Gains, the yearly sum of - o 1 o

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Additional towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties of o several additional Duties of Customs, herein after men- tuns* tioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, imported or brought into Great Britain, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; viz. Duty.

Copper; viz, £, *. d-

-----Bricks, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper,

the cwt. - -046

Cotton Wool, of the grow th or production of 7wr- '

key, of any part of the United States of America, or of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, the 100lb. -of the growth or production of any

084

other country or place, the 100 lb. - a 12 6

Sugar, for every <£.100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable by Law thereon - , - - -so 00

6 N All

506

bounty on extorted.

additional Kuies of ustoms.

;• r

V itto.

yf '

■ ■y

•li

f t

1

ij

r

: tD*

i I

14° Ju

A. 1803.

)rawhack of )uty on ugar.

Duty.

I- «• d.

* 1'2 lO O

AH other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except £. s. d.

Tea and Wine) for every £. 100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and pay- * able by Law thereon - - - -*-12100

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of any Sugar from Great Britain, an additional Drawback of Twenty Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds of the

produce and amount of the Drawback of the Duties of

Customs now paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof I Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from Great Britain. I in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign parT \

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel enter- , Dut

Britain, for every £.100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Cultoins due and payable by Law thereon -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the tonnage of Ships and

Artditio^ 1

DuiIlS oi

Cuitonii.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of any refined Sugar, produced from Sugar of the British) Plantations, or from Sugar imported

ery Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel enter- , Duty, ing Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from £. s. d. or to the Blands of Guernfei/, Jersey, Sark, Alderney/, or Man, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fishery - 006

by the United Company of Merchants of England trading I For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel en-to the Eajilndies, an additional Bounty of Twenty Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds of the produce and amount of the Bounties on such refined Sugar now paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

Resolved, T\\^t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, toward railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; viz. Duty.

Cotton Wool, the loolb. o

Sugar, for every ^.100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties ot Customs due and payable by Law thereon - -- -O

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Tea and Wine) lor every £. 100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable by Law thereon -

s.

8

d.

4

tering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the Streigilts of Gibraltar - -- o

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic be a - -- o

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any other Port or Place in Europe - - o

For every Toil Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering ln\vard< or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the limits of the Charters granted to the I tilted Compan\ of Merchants of England trading to the East In dr

- 0 3

- 12 10

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several new-and additional Duties ot Customs, herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

006

Duty. £. 5. d.

- 12 10

- 1

herein after enumerated or described;

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being of the Grow til, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, for every ^.100. of the Produce and Amount of the Duties ot Customs due and payable by Law on the Exportation thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain (except Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, refined Sugar, and Melasses) exported to any part of Europe, or to any Port or Place witlun the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £.100. of the true and real Value thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture, ot Great Britain (except Cotton Yarn, and other Cotton Manufactures, refined Sugar, and Melasses) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.100. of the true and real Value thereof - - 300

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except Cotton Yarn, and other Cotton Manufactures, refined Sugar, and Melasses) exported to any Port or Place whatever, being within the limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the w Fuji Indies, for every £. 100. of the true and real . Value thereof -

Resolve d, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain; viz•

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Bafiafi) from or to the Cape of Good Hope - * - - - o

For every Ton Burl lien of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (exc< ;>t in Ballast) from or to any Port or I Mace in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described - o

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the Bland of 'Sea foundlund, the (hands of Cape Br rton, or St. John, or die Coast of Labrador For every Ton Burthen of every Slop or \ efiel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or i lace in the U nited Stales ot America, any British Bland, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described - - -010.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majestc), the {?;r;'vut several additional Duties and Drawbacks of Excile herein after mentioned, shall be charged and allowed on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described; viz. , £. s. d.

For every Bushel of Malt made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, in Great Britain - -020

For every Bushel of Mait, whether ground or unground, made of Bariev, or of any other Corn or Grain belonging to any Maltster or Maher ot Malt,

Seller or Betailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar Maker, ill Great Britain - - - - 020

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties thereon shall not be paid on or before the 12 th day ot June 1803, or which shall 1x2 remaining in any Warc-house, under the locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excile, on the 12th day of June 1S03 30 o o

For every Tun of all other Wine (not being French Wines) imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties thereon shall not be paid on or be-' fore the 12th'day of June 1803, or which shall be remaining in any Warehouse, under the locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excile, on the 12th day of June 1803 - -20. 00

For every Tun of French Wine which shall have been found, on the fir 11 actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excile, after the 12 th day of June 1803, in the Stock or PoUeffioii of any Dealer or Seller of Foreign Wine - -30 00

For every Tun of all other Wine (not being French Wines) which ilia.il have been found, on the lirlt actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excile, after the 12th clay of June 1803, in the Stock or Poftcl-lion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seiler or Sellers of, Foreign Wine - - 20 o

For every Barrel of Liquor made for Sale, by Infn-iiou, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit ox*

Sxi

I-:.....

.*!' 1

43 Geo. III.

14° Junii

5or

- O o-

o o 5

- o o

- O O 11

Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatl’oever, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines - For every Barrel of such Sweets or Made Wines of Irish Manufacture, which shall be imported directly from Ireland into Great Britain For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for exhacting Spirits in England, for Home Consump(ion, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or lilts, or any mixture with the lame For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Waiii or Licjuor brewed, or made as aforesaid, from any fort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned, or any mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting Spirit* lor Home Consumption - For every Gallon of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refilled Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from any other Foreign materials. except Alidades and Sugar, or any mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption - For every One hundred and Twenty Gallons of Wash, which Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Arglcs Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them pofleded, of the Distifiery and Premises in which (jtorgt Bishop, deceased, carried on the Manufacture of Muidstone Geneva at Muidstone, in the County of Kent, shall produce, on or before the 5th dav of July 1804, from a Weight of Malt or other Com, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding 212 ibs. avoirdupois - - - - o 15 c

For every Gallon of Waih in the Possession of the said Sir WH/iam Bishop, George Bishop, and A rg/cs Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at any tune when Thirty Gallons of any Wash lb in their Possession, taken and distilled by the Officer of Exc-ife, according to the Directions and under the Authority of an Act, made in the 59th year of His present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and Onc-eigluh of a Gallon of Spirit-, of (Length of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof - -00 6.

For every (*’a! Ion, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical content or capacity of each and every Still, including the [lead and every part thereof, and of any Horn Pipe Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever denomination the lame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend, and until the top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degees, which shall be used or employed for an or either of the purposes herein after rnentio that is to say:

For the making or distilling of Low Wines, or Spirits for consumption in Scotland, from Corn,

Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Licjuor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except the Highland District, particularly specified and deferred in the Acts in that cade made and provided, the annual sum of - - 54 o o

*—— For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for consumption in Scotland from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any parlor place in Scotland, the annhal sum of - - 335 o o

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for consumption in Scotland from Foreign tehded W ines, or Foreign Cyder or Wash prepared born Foreign materials, except Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of - - 3S0

and for the rectifying, compounding, or mix-Jng, in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for consumption in Scotland, the annual sum of - - - - 54 o o

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Itrength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Froof, and lo in proportion for any higher or lower degree of (Length, which shall be made or distilled in any part or place in Scotland, for Consumption iii Scotland, not exceeding the nu.nber of Gafions of Spirits limited and reftrded to be diiriiicd according to the annual Rates herein after mentioned, by or from each Still, to he paid over and nlx>ie the aforesaid Duty on the content of the StiJI, and the herein after’mentioned Duty on the Worts or Walh from which such Spirits may

V ol. j8.

- o

r any lined.

be, or tony have been* made or distillctl, the km

For every Gallon, Eug/i/kWine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any part Scotland, oilier than and efteept in the Highland Distritft aforesaid, for extracting Spirits for_Con-fuinption in Scotland from any Malt, C^am*

Tilts, Cvder, or Perry, or other Worts, Wash,. or Liquor, made or brewed from any sort of Bnlish materials, or any mixture therewith - - "

For every Gallon, 'Eng/i/h Wine Meafuife, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland for extruding Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Molasses of Sugar, or any mixture therewith, or from Foreign refuled Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign materials, or any mixture therewith - * "*

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical content or capacity of each and every-Still, including the Head and every part thereof, and of any Horn Pipe Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend, and until the lop of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing-off Spirits, in the Highland District aforesaid, for Consumption in the said Highland District only, from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the growth of the several and pespective Counties, parts of Counties, and places within the said Highland Districts, the Cubical content or capacity of such ltill not being lei’s than Thirty nor more than Forty gallons, thei annual sum of -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, exceeding Forty Gallons of the Cubical content or capacity of each and every such Still which shall be lb ulecl and employed by, or shall be in the possession of, such licensed person within the Highland Dilirid aforesaid, of larger di men lions than aforesaid, the Surplus not being more than Three Gallons over and above the said Forty Gallons, the annual sum of ——

For and upon all Spirits of the (Length of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be dif-tiiled in Scotland for Consumption in Scotland exceeding the several and respectiveQuantities here-iiiafrer mentioned, over and above all other Duties vv'iatibever, the several Huns herein after mentioned (that is to say)

—— For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Malt, Corn, or any British materials, exceeding the annual rate of Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons, of the Arcnglh aforesaid, for cadi Gallon of the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of ,£.54 shall be Paul for every Gallon of such content in the Low-Jands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual Kate of lMfty-Lwo Gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of £.3. 55, shall be paid for every Gallon of such content in the Highland Distritft aforesaid, the sum of -

■~7! f0;: evt>0; (/a!lon of such Surplus Spirits, distilled from iilululles or Sugar, exceeding the annual rate of Four thousand and fifty gallon® of the strength aforesaid, for each Gallon ®f the eon--sent of me Mill when the before-mentioned annual I>"ty of £.335 shall be paid for every Gallon of

fnm of0"1!0' m an* part or plate in the

I-

0 0$

- o o

ft

o:

3 5 0

- 4 15 o

— And for every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits difiilled from other FWed----- 1 - - *. r,t9>

- o

4f

or Sugar, exccedu

o o

, ---I

ign materials than Molasses the annual rate of Three

me annual rate of Three thousand iix hundred and forty-five Gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the

_____J-ullon of the content

of the Still, when the belbrc-in-ntioned annual Duty of £.380 shall be paid for every Gallon of such content iu any part or place in Scotland, the sum of - -02

For every Gallon of Spirits deficient of the Quantity of Spirits computed at the (Length of One to Ten over Hydrometer Pi oof, which shall be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of Exyife by any Diliitler in Scotland, and be actually charged with the before-mentioned Duty of Three Pence for every (billon, shall be found to fallfliort of the quantity which ought to have been produce cording to the before-mentioned Annual Rates, the

of

»Of

ve been produced ac

...A.

sum of . "

For every Deficiency of Spirits, in every case where

• o

508

&nd produce^ tcT^th

any Distiller in Scotland

actually charged wiffT 8®°" ^xcise, and for every Gal?.? Hu ,ll\e ?uky of Three Pence

14° Junii.

&• dk

lor every Gallon (h*\\ cn ,ruv ot 1Uree Pence proportiuns herein after mi ?*ort ,of *e *efpeaiye

----- If the Spirits; (U,at is to %)

covered shall h*v» k th* deficiency shall be dif-

Com, oBrlaX T1' or f'» M, U,

a. ii y I^ntuler in the Lowlaiuk nf s*,*..

fend shall bJ1« Vmuier ln the Lowlands of Scot-

Eleven GaTlW P10!*'Officer alleaft

of the strenffth^fgr^Wu^ Measure of SPirits» PrnoK f ® One to Ten over Hydronaeler

prepared*from tli hundred Gallons’ of Walk

Custody nf f u ^vlumateria^ an^ found in the v^uitody of such Dili r\r U, lY.ir.n — .1

if My Distiller in the d ffir«$l ot Scotland shall not produce to the Officer at least Six Gallons of Spirits of tl"

every One hundred Gallon! ?L aIh.fre?R?d fr.om Barley* Beer, or Bigg, of growth of the said Highlands, or any mixture therewith, and found in the custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient, the sum of * If the Spirits in which the Hpfifipnrv IV

- o

, Spirits in which the deficiency shall be

discovered shall have been made or distilled from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any part or place in Scotland, shall not produce to the proper Officer at least Twenty-two Gallons of Spirits, of the strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Walli, prepared from the said materials, and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient -— Or it the Spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered shall have been distilled from any other Foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any part or place in Scotland, shall not produce to the proper Officer at least Twenty Gallons of Spirits of the strength aforesaid, for every One Hundred Gallons ot‘ Waih prepared from the said materials, and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient — For every Gallon English Wine Measurc of Spirits, of a strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher degree of strength, made or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland

- o

1 10}

For every Barrel, consisting of 36 Gallons English Beer Nieafure, of Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported into Great Britain directly troin Behind - For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters, which shall be dii-tilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, of a strength not exceeding One to leu over Hydrometer Proof -

For all such Spirits above the strength ot One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in proportion to the last mentioned Duty; and for and upon such of the said Spirits as shall be (weetoned or compounded, a like Duty, computed upon the highclt degree of strength at which such Spirits can oe made.

DRAWBACK S.

For every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain above 16s. the Barrel, exclusive of Duty, not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned in the ievenlh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize, the lum of - For every Tun of Foreign Wine which shall be exported to Foreign parts from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Seller of such Wine, the w hole of the said Duties.

For all Tea, for or in red peel whereof the Duty shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to any place as Merchandize, to which a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed, the whole of the said Duty.

A. 1S03. £-

d.

4 n

- ® 3

:n'

IV. W

- O 4 U

- o

o 1

For every Gallon of British Spirits, of a strength not f One to Ten over Hydrometer

exceeding that of Proof, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into England - - - *

For every Gallon of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per centum over and above One ioTen over Hydrometer Proot,

Two Shillings and Sixpence Farthing, and also a

further Duty proportioned to the degree ot strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proot

• o 2 6|

- o

a 6\

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or America, imported into Great

and a Surcharge.

Plantations in

Fof every Gallon' of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vit® above Woof, of the Produce of the (Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into

Fofevery Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vit®, ‘imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

3 5

6 8

chants of England trading^ or every Gallon of'Rum, br_ , _ -

above Proof, imported by the United Company ot TvwnUnnK of England trading to the haft Indus -

0*9

7 3

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua vS or S.tog Waters of

r^Xl, ItunT, Spirits, or A*. V to .-forefaU,

imported into Great Britain, nor Spirits imported directly trom Ire, an*

? n Snirits or Aqua Vitae, as atprelaid, fmapo^ed?nto Great Britain, not being Spirits imported directly trom iTtlant p Foreign ,o Jtove Duties to be putd or M Brandy, Spirits, or AquajMtt, t not

Duties charged or c ,aK Sday of June have been paid on 01 belore th 3

1803

- o

For and upon all Tea fold after the , 9t|' ^f 1803 by the United Company of Me chants ot

England trading to the E Indus, so) c\ y

of the grot's price thereof -

8

45

o o

4 af

8 af

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the eleventh

of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr

Chancellor

* K ~k . l' 15

it

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Duties on the Duties now payable on every Piece of Vellum or p‘^J|s re‘ Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money, til all be ingrossed, written, or printed, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, other Duties That for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet granted* or Piece ot Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or_ upon the Payment of Money amounting to Two Pounds, and not amounting to Ten Pounds, Iliad be ingrossed,- written, or printed, in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Pence;

and where the same shall amount to Ten Pounds, and not amount to Twenty Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Four Pence; and where the same shall amount to Twenty Pounds, and not amount to Fifty Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Eight Pence; and where the same shall amount to Fifty Pounds, and not amount to One Hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of One Shilling; and where the lame shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, and not amount to Two Hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Shillings; and where the same shall amount to Two Hundred Pounds, and not amount to Five Hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Three Shillings; and where the same shall amount to Five Hundred Pounds or upwards, there shall be charged a Duty of Five Shillings.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first and second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyane,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Nicholas V,mjittart, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare^ and bring in, the lame.

L‘l

A,

L

iti

ik

iix

* \:t

■A

6.

43 Geo. III.

U'Junii.

509

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. nance, was committed, the Amendments which the Com-Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

in, the fame. his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the two last Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-of the said Resolutions: And that Mr Alexander, Mr. ments were once read throughout; and then a second Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thynne, Mr. time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Part of King'* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to metoMer" consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

...... _ _ _ Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Fleftlon

cjntiieTianf- Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of ing of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in Oaths Bill *’November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans- the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, commitk‘

, 1:

Committee on Malicious Shooting, See. Bill.

Tbr:

V. or:

i:e, r

a

1

i.'j

;ere

;t w ;r .'i

ft-

actions all the facility and accommodation that may be conliftent with the Security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the 2d year of the reign of King George the Second, intithe further Prevention of malicious Shooting, and attempt- tuled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery ing to discharge loaded Fire-arms, stabbing, cutting, " and corruption in the election of Members to serve in wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of means to " Parliament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder, procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person having, or claiming setting fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain -to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of any Act, made in England in the twenty-first year of the late Member or Members to serve for the Commons in Parlia-

An Act for extending the provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for directing the appointment of " missioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations -

" qitired by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to " vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to " all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at " Elections for Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act, palfed in

King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the " destroying and murthering of Ballard Children," and also an Act, made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Ballard Children," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

ment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Accounts re. of the Total Number of British and Foreign Ships and Vessels, and thSir Tonnage, that have entered Inwards at ordered/1 1 the Port of Brijlolfor the years 1799, 1800, and 1801; and also, an Account of the Coasting Vessels, with their

Committee <m Bill for tnmffcrring Sea-

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when Tonnage; distinguishing those from Scotland that have the House will please to receive the same. entered Inwards at the said Port, for the years aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Goods imported into the Port of Bristol, not Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to brought Coastwise, in the years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon distinguishing each year.

Militia to the Navy.

mm from the the Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-fnorrow.

Ml for better Supply of Stamen predated.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vel-fels: And the same was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

r- Alexander, according to Order, reported from the •ttceLnudi Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 19 Trullees certain Lands and Hereditaments at

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- irish Custom’ ing of the Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for and Excise |i the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Re- Re|"Ja,oa j venue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing committed. Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon '

the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report re-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Com- to Scotchied ! mittee, appointed to consider to what extjbnt, and in what Militia, manner, the provisions of the several Liws now in force respecting the Militia of England, when embodied and called out into actual Service, ought to be applied to the 1

Militia of Scotland the Resolution which the Committee

had directed him to report to the House; which he. read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

fVeedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ord- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

Vo 1.58. 6 0 in

510

14°-

15°

A. 1803.

\ccount of hips which nve exported 'orn from t' »i.ind, ltfente 1.

Accounts i-kttire to Scotch Mil lory, relented.

[» j M

M1

r

Appendix,

; ^No. 60.)

,j iccounts dative to hitilleries in l '.ngland, relented.

in order to provide relief for the Wives and Families of' the non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates,' of the Militia of Scotland, when embodied and called out into actual Service, it is expedient to raise the sums necessary for the said purpose by an Assessment upon Lands and Houses in each County.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Q'ueftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. AlexanderMr. Secretary at War, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, and Sir , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Ships that have exported Corn from Scotland, from the 20th of March 1803 to the ill of May following.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bradjhazc, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number of Stills licensed in Scotland,' distinguishing those for the luppiy of the Highlands, and those for the manufacture of Spirits in the DiitnCts called The Loivlr.r.d:,with the rate of Licences attaching to each,

from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803: And also,

An Account of the Stills entered in , and where

situated, for the manufacture of Spirits for the English market, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803: And also,

An Account of the quantity of Walh distilled by such entered Distilleries in Scotland for the market, dif-

tinguishing the quantities at each separate Distillery, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803: And also.

An Account of the quantity of Spirits permitted from such Distilleries to England, distinguishing particularly those sent from each of them, from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Colhatch, from the

cUa •

junn.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Apptndix, (No. 60.)

The other Orders of the day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Bill to amend solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the deferred. ’ reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re-" peal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign " of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on ,c certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in " lieu thereof; and for making effectual provision for the " better collection of the said Duties."

Re solved. That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it- Customs self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider deferred*1'1, further of the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill to punish whole House, to whom the Bill for making more effectual provision, within Ireland, for the punishment of Offences itroyingships, in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Veil!-Is, and for the more convenient trial of rre AccelUiries in Felonies, was committed, be received Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill respeaing whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an comJanp} Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s Ships, reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating the manner in dcferred'

' " which the United Company ot Merchants of England,

" trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships " for their regular Service," was committed, be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercian, 15° die

Anno 430 Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

11. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Lmgley;s

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ^4 and An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of Richard passed. Langley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the Purchase-monies in paying oft' Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements

M

Commissioners, of Excise, attended at the door; he was already made, and also in reimbursing to him the Expences

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number of Distilleries in England, and places where each Distillery is situated: And also,

An Account of the number of Stills in every Distillery in England, and the content of each Still in gallons: And also,

of future Improvements, when the amount shall have been ascertained, under the direction of the said Court, and for laying out the residue of the Purchase-monies, under the direction of that Court, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

An Account of the number of Gallons of Spirits which that the parties concerned had given their consent to the have paid Duty, in the year ending 5th January 1803, in Bill, to' the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the each Distillery in England, with the amount of the Duty: Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

r

And"-also,

An Account of the number of rectifying Distilleries in England, and places where every such rectifying Distillery is situated: And also,

‘ 'Act Account of the humber of Stills for rectifying in every Rectifying Distillery in England, with the content of each Still ini gallons: And also.

An'Account of the number of Gallons of Gross Spirits which' have been permitted to every Rectifying Distillery

House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr; Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Agar"?

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for - ~ Bjllt

m England, in the year ending 5th January 1803, with the enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the part committed-nufoberof Gallons of rectifying Spirits permitted out of of the Devisees in the will of Mary , late of,

each Rectifying Distillery in the same year: And also, in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters a ^<".coun* of the flock of Gross and Rectified Spirits and Coheirefles of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, bn hand in every Rectifying Distillery in England on 5th Esquire, and Serjeant at'Law*, with the other Persons in-AUa7 i!°l* an.dL°!* 5*b January 18.03. terested in making a partition, by and with the consent

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.. and approbation of- the Court of Chancery, of the Free-1 hold

)3.

.b!e.

ldix

43 Geo. III.

[Xo.i:

15°

Estates of the said John Agar, was

511

re-

pon

b;: n ly

\f

»-A:. nie fei

re*

e:ga on s in the

tiv-

i:eu

Ik Kbs

mil ;fc:

IK:

in; ,i;.

, 3.«srs. i Ot

hold and Copyhold read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into confederation the

Staton* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Bvwarer An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, in'domre Bill, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the agreed to. ]^fanor of Allerton Bywater, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth.;

an Act, paCed in the 35th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed " in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, " for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to " the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of " Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower

" for the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church-yard; and for raising a " further sum of money for completing the said Church, " and other worksAnd the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Pr.

viz.

1. 16. & 17. Pr. 11. 1. 31.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for di-

Kirk Iretoi

Inclosure J:

7 Leave out " of that part of the United viding, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common called pafl-ed

To

Pr. 14. 1. 24. Pr. 17. 1. 27.

Pr. 18. 1. 21.

Kingdom called Ireland."

After " Bland," insert " his heirs and " assigns."

After " Blandf insert " his heirs and

" assigns."

Leave out from " tythes" to " fur-" plice," in line 29; and, in line 29, after " fees," insert " Easter offer-

ings.

tythes" to " as.

in

tfc

fc:

to

:ees," insert " Easter offerings."

.ViJ

to:?

t? -

lei

:r<i & tie

Haleworthy afld Wade-Wjgt Road passed.

rij

i&

:|ie

[he

inf

•he

Leave out from cc line 23.

1. 28. After " fc Pr. 43. 1. 2. Leave out from " made" to the end of the Clause.

At the end of the Bill insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer " to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in evidence " in all Courts of Justice, and before * all Judges and Justices, who shall " take judicial notice thereof in like " manner as if the fame had been * declared to be a Public Act."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 5. Leave out " Hip and insert " Kippax."

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the 33d year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of to the

Eait end of Wadebridge, and from the Weft end of Wade-

bridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be.

An Act for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East end of IVadebridge, and from the Weft end of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Callow Moor, and other the Waste Lands, in the Town-ships or Liberties of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of in the County of Derby, be now read the third time;

The Lord Glenbervie (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d Aarespectin year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ^be " Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second year fidered.

" of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better " Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to " the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any " Poor House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

P2! appointed

fw third read. |nS of Wool. , Cn Manufoc. *urers Bill.

Lit &

:is

j

v»

a-

at

i'

U

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture, be read the third time Tommorrow;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the No=s,f \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

26.

*9-

Sj'bwy Church Bill lt*fa»ted.

Mr. presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging Ibme of the provisions of Vol. 38.

Lord Viscount Folkestone reported from the Committee, AMerbury to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Intl°sure Bill, certain Open Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste p°r e Grounds, within the Pari (lx of Alder bury, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, afiefled to the Land rl’ax at £. 3. 14 s.4 d.per annum, who refuted

to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the property interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.112. 13*. 8 per annum-, and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once rea<^ throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of Petitions of Cotton Goods of Manchester, in the County of Merchants,

was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of chVfterand"* the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Stopkport, years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ^"Du "oa " Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters ren Bill.

" and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in " that part of Great Britain called England:" And praying to.be heard, by themselves, their count'd, agents, and

witnesses.

512 15° Jumi. A. 1803.

witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods, of Stockport, in the County of was

also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the fame may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Minutes of Mr. Stanley presented to the House, pursuant to their

Committee on Order

mifafturers The Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Competition, mittee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this,

prdentt . jjoufe so this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th and

40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Dii'putes between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton" Manufacture, were referred.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

' The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

r.;iri Ferrers* Mr. Joseph Scott reported from the Committee, to whom ^pone^uid t^ie ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for puffed. ’ veiling the Manor and Eltale of Rat cliffe-upon- IVreke, in the County of Leicester (part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers') in a Trustee, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase-money in discharge of an Incumbrance affecting the whole of the said settled Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent.to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

the 27th year of His said present Majesty’s reign, to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of the said Acts, and for the other purposes therein mentioned; and for making and repairing the Road from Glasgow to or near the Bridge across the River Alander, at farm, and from thence to join the Roads from to Inchbelly

Bridge, and to Strathblane, in the Counties of Lanark, Dumbarton, and Stirling, was committed.

Mr. M‘Dowall accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improv- Kingston ad ing, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town ^*^8* of Kingstou-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place committed, called Skeetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was read a second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Alderman Combe, tic.-. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering Stafford»nd and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and ch|f"Rw41 29th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repair- ^4) ing and widening certain Roads therein mentioned, from the end of the County of Stafford, to and through Nant-•voich, to the City of Chester, so tar as the fame relates to the First District of the said Roads, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the end of the County of Stafford, through to the City of Chester, so far as the said Acts relate to the First District of Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

• Port Glasgow Ordered, That Mr. Ml Dowall do make the Report from ‘

’ the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending,

C" and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed in the 15th year reported. of the reign of His present Majesty, io far as relates to sup-

; plying the Inhabitants of Port and Newark with

: Water; to paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the

laid Towns; and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the 1; Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for erecting a new Court

\ House and Prison, and other necessary public Buildings in

r the said Towns, was committed.

Mr. M'Dowallaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations 1 I of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table*. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 Glasgow and Ordered, That Mr. M do make the Report from inchbelly the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal two Acts, passed Bill! °* * the 26th and 27 th years of th.e reign of his late Majesty; reported. and also an Act, made in the 6th year of the reign of His

1 present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road lead-

ing from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and to continue the - term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, paged in

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee*# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Oaths M. the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending the provisions of an Act, made in the " thirty-fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for directing the appointment of -" missionersto administer certain Oaths and Declarations re-

" quired by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to

" vote at the Election of Members to serve in to

" all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at " Elections for Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act, passed in the 2d year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery and " corruption in the election of Members to serve in Par-" Lament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder,

Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person having, or claiming to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of any Member or Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made foveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheqthe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered,

43 Geo.

15° yunii.

513

)n-

iid

nd

ear

.nd

m-

)3S

:he

ral

;ce

id,

to

Northamp- - Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading thereby: And praying the House not to permit the fame tonfcire Ord- of the ingrossed Bill, for vesting in Trustees certain Lands to pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, ®S*pa&d* and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, i'n the County of North- by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill.

ampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at fVeedott Beck, in the County of , for

erecting Buildings thereon for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Wellesley Pole do carry the Bill to the naturalizing Balfar Boehler, was read a second time.

v- &fe

13 -'

Rii:.

K ms*

r

5-

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Godalming, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, he. indolure fjie Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors of Bill, passed. an(j Cat t(hull, in the several Parishes of Godalming,

dingfold, HaJJemere, and C, in the County of Surrey,

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors of Godalming and Cattjhull, in the Parishes of Godalming, Chid-dingfold, Haslemere, and Compton, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves* or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill* against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for BoeMer’st' - - * * * Bill,

committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Honywood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scotland,

referred.

Petitions of Weavers of Wilts &c. against

Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, being Weavers employed in the Woollen Cloth Manuladlure in or near the Clothing Towns and Villages in the Counties of Wilts, Wwiien Ma- Somerset, and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Bufacturei* taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture: And praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " time" to the end thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out. Hand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee < resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supp1/-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Second Report, which was made from SecondRe-the Committee, to whom the Survey of the Coasts and (!i Central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of Coatts, &c.o the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit asuin.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee or^ P.irt of Iving'?! Speech, relative to Mer-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for trans-

Bill for trans-faring Sea-

£ia°to the ferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving

Navy, reported.

in the Militia of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of cantiie Trans-1 November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans- a(£ljons‘ , actions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the Security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Air. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, again resolve itself into the said Committee.

Militia Pay

Bill,

'ifftritd.

pitions of

‘"tabiunt, ‘ynft Saint James',

a*6

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for erecting a new Workhouse in the said Parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth the injury the Petitioners will sustain

Vo 1. 58.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Blllrefpeain^' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Eal1 explain and amend an Act, passed in the 39th year of His C ships? * present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating reported.

" the manner in which the United Company of Merchants

" of England trading to the East Indies, fluff hire and take;

" up Ships for their regular Service," was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill;

and which they had directed him to report to the House;

and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

6 P

514

15° JuniL

A.1803.

Ordered, That grafted.

Ordered, That morrow.

the said Bill be read the third time To-

respecting he Exporta-ion of Corn, *c. between Great Britain •.nd Ireland, to ,>e considered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continu-" ing, until the first day of July one thousand eight hun-" dred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second year of

] Iriili

Indemnity 1 Bill, Ordered.

Estimate of

8

ivil Contin*

entExpences of Ireland, o refen ted.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu,

thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when " regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand the House will please to receive the same.

" eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

" and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland,

" and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Maliciow " from and after the passing thereof, until the said first day Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill shooting, &c. " of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preven- with Brandi " Exportation of Se$d Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, tion of malicious Shooting, and attempting to discharge ment.

" and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from loaded Fire-arms, {tabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning,

" Ireland," might be read. and the malicious uling of means to procure- the Mifcar-

And the same being read accordingly; riage of Women, and allb the malicious setting fire to Build-

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself ings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in England into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the in the twenty-first year of the late King James the First, said Act. intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and mur-

" thering of Bastard Children," and also an Act, made in Ordered, That leave be given tobring in a Bill to indemnify Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne,

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices also intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and mur-or Employments in Ireland, according to Law: And that " thering of Bastard Children," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,. with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " unlawfully" insert " {hooting at any of His Majesty’s Subjects, or for

:;c(

f 1

:* et

Ai

Tr

Pr

S.

ot!

LII

ck

Tir

Mr. Cony, Mr. Wickham, and Mr do prepare, arid

bring in, the fame.

a;

Appendix y

(No. 68.)

Mr. Cony presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Civil Contingent Expences for the Service of Ireland, for the year 1803.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

" wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully " presenting, pointing, or levelling any " kind of loaded Fire-arms at any of " His Majesty’s Subjects, and attempt-

committee of

Ways and

Means.

O

-1

} I

,i 1

1 1

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

ing by drawing a trigger, or in any other manner, to discharge the fame, * at or aginft his or their person or per-" fons, or for the wilfully, maliciously, " and unlawfully."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. After " Barn" to insert * Granary, Hop-" Oast, Malthouse."

1. 28. After " Barn" to insert " Granary, Hop-" Oast, Malthouse."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill b.e read the third time Tommorrow.

rfti

k

ot;

t;

0

fc:

Bill forraifing a Sum by

i W

Annuities,

.irefcnted.

Mr NicholasVanfittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raffing the sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities: And the fame was received; and read h e first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

1

morrow.

Additional Customs Dudes Bill,

'{ presented.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill to pumih Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making ^e^cJsinm more effectual provision, within Irela, for the punishment destroying of Offences in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or de- sllirs^j' stroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient rep trial of Accessaries in Felonies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

<3

.1

, A

__ , _ w j p £ , UlWl *X t^V.v/UU LlUlVj ullC Uy UUC y <*UUj UUUil vV

Duties on the Importation and Exportation ot certain -severally put thereupon, were agreed'to by the House

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Committee on Customs Dilute* Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the House.

•s

til

3-

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were present- fig

to b« rtpnBtlJ'

fider further of the Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs ed to the House upon the ift day of April 1802, relative com.Duty-to

t * tn u* re

43 Geo. III. 15"—16° Junii. 515

ue'j

iiev

*nts

hea

iiir m. ...

Ell a*

jiur- rge si

n?>

sr*

iid-

yj

ir-

in

;.k,

ti-

ro-

:,t

lev

he

ill,

lit

3t

:or

nr

df

to the Income Duty, be reprinted for the Members of the House.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-the Quantities count of the Quantities of the under-mentioned Articles ticieTim" r" imported into Great Britain, and exported therefrom, in the ported and ‘ Three Years ending the 5th January 1793, and Four Years ending 5th January 1803; distinguishing each year, and the several Ports; viz. Ea India Goods in general. Sugar, Costee, Cocoa-nuts, Pimento, Rum, Ginger, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Molasses, Tobacco, Rice, Elephants Teeth, Gum Arabic, Gum Senegal, Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, Waste Silk, Barilla, Kelp, Raifinsofall forts. Prunes, Figs, Almonds of all forts. Oil Olives ordinary, Sallad Oil, Palm Oil, Oil of Turpentine, Train Oil, and other Fish Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head-matter, Whale Fins, Linen of all forts, Balsam Capiava, Cantharides, Ginfang, Jalap, Manna, Opium, Quicksilver, Rhubarb, Saffron, Mohair Yarn, Cotton Yarn, Bees Wax, Skins and Furs, Chip Hats, Straw Hats, Salt, Clover Seed, Juniper Berries, Bristles, Carpets of Turkey, Smalts, Feathers for Beds, Anchovies, Cork, Brimstone, Hemp, Iron, Tow, Mahogany, Timber, Wood, Staves, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Rosin.

The other Order of the day being read;

Bill for better The Bill for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Mer-wramitted. chant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jot is, 1 6°die Junii;

in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other purposes, as authorizes the taking.or carrying away any gravel, stones, ballast, land, or other materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alston, Lord of the Manor of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy, without paying any thing for the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kiiwnrtoi for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, intioiure. and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kinwart in the County of Warwick, and for making compensation to the Rector of Kinivarton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act salcby for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- IucIolu:'01 mon Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saleby with , in

the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before Minutes of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the Mam°fh£iur< 39 th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Dif- Petitions, to putes between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton be pnnte Manufacture, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Boeiiler* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. Bill, :i naturalizing Balfar Boehler, was commitjed; That the rpaffed. ’ Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and j

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had j

directed him to report the Bill to the House; without j

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the j!

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Anno 430

Prayers.

Georgii

IIP" Regis, 1803.

Wttwang, S.r, A N ingrossed

A vcrafonen

Bill for dividing and inclosing

the fe-

passed.

veral Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of and Fimber, in the Parish of Win the East Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Townships

Mr. fames Graham reported from the Committee, to whom WefW« the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Kitate H’11, veiling detached parts of the Estates devised by the will of

Mistress MeliorMary Westonin Trustees, upon trull, to fell

the lame, and to lay out a competent part of the money I

arising by 1'uch sale in the discharge of certain Incum- !;

brances, and the residue in the purchase of other Estates, 1

to be settled to the like uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties con- i 1

of Wetwangand Fimber, in the Parish of Wetwang, in the cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfac-

East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Batley

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, "SttetUrf* l'ever<d Commons, Field Lands, Moors, and Waste time. Grounds, within the Manor and Town ship of Batley, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork, was read the third time.

And feme Amendments' being proposed to be made to the said Bill; ,

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tommorrow.

The Lords wve agreed to

Harwell Road Bill.

to repeal

Pan of

Pier *nd Paving Act.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near

the South or upper end of Harwell Town, in the Parish of

Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , . ___

for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first when the House will please to receive the same, year of His present Majesty, for buildinga Pier at Sheerness, Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Vojl. 38. Mr.

tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. fames Graham do carry the Bill to i

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Act ( consider of an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of PoorHoutes His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an,

" Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor, so far as relates to the payment of the Debts " incurred for building any Poor House," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, That was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

he

516

16° Ju

A. 1803.

ported.

Mr. Parker Coke accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex-■ plain and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the

payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor i House.

And Mr. ParkerCoke moved the House accordingly.

,1 ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House: 1 And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Dundas of Berkshire, and Sir

■’ Robert John Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

\arlton lam, &e. closure Bill,: fented.

l*mmittee on ill Glebe mi'es Bill*

The Order of the day being read for the third reading Woollen Mai of the ingross'ed Bill respecting the W oollen Manufacture;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon deterred, this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Malicious ing of the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An Shooting, Act for the further prevention of malicious Shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire-arms, (tabbing, cutting, Amendment!, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of means to procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious setting fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, madein England in the twenty-first year of the late King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the de-" stroying and murthcring of Bastard Children," and also an Act, made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children," and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lord fli ips.

•port

pply.

Kt

sads and -idges in otland.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain sums of money, interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect Glebe-houses and Offices convenient for their residence, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. PoleCarevo reported from the Committee, That they was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments suant to their Order, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of afum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in for

to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of Roads the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was com-

pti,

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he consolidated

Fund, presented*

An Account of the computed Annual Increase to the Consolidated Fund from the regulations and alterations contained in the Bill for consolidating the Duties of Customs.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Militia ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the

,i t

c count of icrease of :>nfolidated ind, dered.

and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir William ney, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Sir James St. Clair Erskine, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the computed Annual Increase to the Consolidated Fund, from the regulations and alterations contained in the Bill for consolidating the Duties of Customs.

.1 t

11 for

knsferring amen from

ie Navy, Vfled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-' ing of the ingross'ed Bill, for transferring to the Royal Navy 'c Militia to such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain, be now read.

And the aid Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

iotums re-.tive to ' ;ock Yardi, &c.

IthdnVtB.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That there be laid before this House, copies of the Examinations and Minutes, taken by the Lords of the Admiralty, on their late Visitation to the Dock Yards;

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The said Motions were, severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

mitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Sir James St. Clair Erskine presented to the House, ac- Scotch Militi* cording to Order, a Bill for providing Relief for the Fatni-lies of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual p Service: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a focond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bilirefpefling ing of the ingross'ed Bill, to explain and amend an Act, Company's paired in the 39th year of His present Majesty’s reign, in- ships, paired, tituled, " An Act for regulating the manner in which the " United Company of Merchants of England, trading to " the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their re-" gular Service," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating the manner in which the United " Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eafi " Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Ser-" vice;" to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr.

43 Geo. III.

16" yu

517

I di;:,7ei

• Milics®

1

I M paki,*

tive to Mercantile -Tran factions.

Report on Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the s Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Trans-actions all the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the Public Revenue, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read.

The said Resolution is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The laid Resolution being read a second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. AlexandeMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George TMr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Fanfiltart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Afptniix

(No. 54.)

Irish Act* respecting promissory Note*, See. to be con-Idered.

.te-

Ir. rdf 1 Fed

ConGdered.

0

PjriH I

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the ne-" gociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited lum," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was a!so moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend the said Ad, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

kefolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chaih

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

lider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, n’on of c< intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the first day of " July one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, andirel.u " made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth " day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the " Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may he exported :c from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing ‘ thereof, until the said first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn ‘ from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of ‘ Malt into Great Britain from Ireland," be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the fune.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Cortl- Reported

mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the said Act for a time to be limited.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- Bill orderei tinuinr the said Act for a time to be limited: And that

ij

Mr. Alexander, Mr. IVickham, Mr. Carry, and Mr. Maurice I

Fitzgerald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

•i

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ElefHon i! Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- Oaths Bill, 1 pealing so much of an Act, made in the 426 year of the rePorte<1* reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ex-" tending the provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-" fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti-" tuled. An Act for directing the appointment

" to adminifiercertain Oaths and Declarations required by Law

* to be taken and made by PerJ'ons offering to vote at the election " of Members to feme in Parliament, to all Oaths now re-" quired by Law to be taken by Voters at elections for " Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Oath

SffA'

f.A-

Jifl ordered.

Customs Duties Bill,

ported.

mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual; the said Acts.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Bagwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Reported. Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- or Affirmation required by an Act, passed in the ad year rT" '’’ of the reign of King the Second, intituled, *An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery and cor-" ruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, J5fergefs, or Person having, or claiming to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of any Member or Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to Order, reported from the him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his House, to whom the Bill to repeal- place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 4

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

according

Mr. Alexander,

Committee of the whol

the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the morrow.

•Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the,

House. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for ttans- iriffi Militia

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing ferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving Transfer Bil. that the annual ium of 250,000. shall be deemed an act- in the Militia of Ireland: And that Mr. Mr. 0 ered‘

dition to the Public Revenue, for defraying the charge Bagwell, and Mr. Vereker, do prepare, and bring

Committee on Aftrefpeaing

the Esporta-

occasioned by Loans.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read ^he third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Vol. c8.

in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to ComRegub Order, a Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited, an uou Bill, Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present presente<t* Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the " fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred " and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour,

* may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain;" and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said

‘ * Cc\r\n\r*&’

1

518

16°—YTjunii.

A. 1803.

Report Ways and Means.

Provision for Adjutants, Vc. of Sfilitia.

D° for Allowances to

|>ubaltern

Officers.

D® for Pay and ^loathing of Militia of •Ireland.

Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty; for one year, beginning the 2.5th 'day of March 1803, be defrayed out of the monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1803, be defrayed out of the Monies arilin°; determined by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for the year 1803, be defrayed out of the Conl'oli-dated Fund of Ireland.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itfelfintoa Committee of the whole Committteoa House, upon the Bill for the better supply of Mariners and ‘A im.r

Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on S,.of board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and VeflHs. °

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madeieveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Veneris, 17° Junii;

Anno 43° Georgii III"* Regi

1803.

D° for

Allowances to

Prayers.

Sill William Geary repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Charge of the Allowances to be made to certain Sub- the Town of to the Town and Port of

Faversham Roads Bill, reported.

7ff.;ersofD° altern Officers of the Militia of Ireland during Peace, for and from Bacons Water, to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near

year 1803, be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund the City of Canterbury, in Ireland. mitted; That the Commit

1

petition of banners of ‘ imerick.

the

of Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, 'were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Nicholas Van-

Jittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second of the said Resolutions: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Nicholas -tart, and Air. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the two lait of the said Resolutions: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Carry, and Air. Maurice Fitzgerald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Tanners of the City of Limerick, and its vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; praying, that such reasonable Reduction may be made in the Tax upon Tanning in Ireland, as to place the Petitioners on a more equal footing with the Tanners of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, which have been presented to this House in this Section ol Parliament, respecting the Tanning Trade in Ireland, are referred; and that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

the County of Kent, was com-Cornmittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of several Clotlnvorkers or Shearmen employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufactory in the Counties of Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and: And also,

A Petition of several Clotlnvorkers or Shearmen employed in the Woollen Cloth Manufactory in or near to the Clothing Towns and Villages in the Weft: Riding of the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture: And praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their counsel, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time.

Petitions of Clotlnvorkers, against Woollen Manufacturers Bill.

Butler

•ill forraifing Sum by Annuities, pmmitted.

j

A Bill for raising the sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities, was, according to Order, read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the tiiird reading of the in-grofied Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Field Lands, Aloors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Weft

Inclosure Bilk

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Riding of the County of York, be now read

Julciitioaal (uftonis Jutiee Bill, bmraitted.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great Britain, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding. The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill Pr.

1.

3Z-

V/<j

To leave out from " Owners," to " of," in 1. 36.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out from "to," to " the," in

1. 2.

1. 8. To leave out from " aforesaid," to the second " And," in 1. 22.

Pr.

determined by

o

tt!C

43 Geo.

unit.

15VJ

Pr. 8. 1. 35. To leave out from " Grounds," to mittee, That the Committee had examined, and found

" Provided," ini. 37. that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills

Pr. 12. 1. 22. To leave out from " aforesaid/* to<f and/' of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Corn-

in 1. 25. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Pr. 15. 1. 12. To leave out from the beginning of the found the same to be true and that the parties concerned

Cc--~

k,.

‘V?-

■er

n*

in)

:en

line to " and, " in 1. 14.

Pr. 18. J. 9. To leave out from " Vicar," to " /hall," inK r5-

And the House being informed that the parties interested were contenting thereto;

The _ laid Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for iricJoling Lands within the Manor and Township of Bailey, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilbtrforcedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

had given their consent to the Bill, to the fhtisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deliverer! the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ot ■dered. That Mr. ’James Graham do carry to the Lords, ^‘r- James the ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands within the several ^rr^Wet

fcllmd-aim- -An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Townships of and in the Parish of «ang, i-c.

Giwtlaftd the several Open Fields, Melhe inclosures. Commons, in the East Riding of the County of Turk, and de- to the Lordsi

BlJ * Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manorand Town- lire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto, ship oi Eliaud-cum-Greel land, in the Parish of Halifax, and

West Riding of the County of York, was read the third An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging, Port Glasgow

time. the powers of an Act, pasted in the 15th year of the reign

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Bill, partiU*

1%'H T 1 1 *. . /* ~r\ . t r 1 *.1

the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 29. To leave out from " Grounds," to " Pro-" vided," in 1. 31.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing; Lands within the Manor and Town-

Inhabitants of Port Glasgozvand Newark with water; to paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court-house and Prison, and other necessary public buildings in the said Towns, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the

Blackburn Paving, &c. Bill,

committed.

ship of Elland-cum-Greetland, in the Parish of Halifax, and powers of an Act, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign West Riding of the County of York.His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Ordered, That Mr. Wuherforce do carry the Bill to the Inhabitants of Pert and Newark with water; to

Lords, and desire their concurrence. paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the said Towns;

and to repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of A Bill for regulating the Markets within the Town of and for erefti ig a new Court-house and

Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lane abler; for di- Prison, and other necessary public buildings in the said viding, inclosing, and disposing of a parcel of Waste Towns.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ground within the Township of Blackburn, called The Town's Floor; and for watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulafn-; the Streets, and other places within the said Town, was read a second time.

Rf'.eed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr.

Petition of Mg Feilden, ajsiinft

An ingrafted Bill to repeal two Acts, pa.fled in the Glasgow and , 26th and 27th years of the reign of his late Majesty, and R^eRoads Rl.u burnes L.mcajldre,&c.: And they are to meet this also, an Act, made in the 6th year of the reign of His Bill, parted. 1 Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Road I

A Petition of Henry Fei/deu, of Blackburn, in the County leading from Glasgozv to Red burn Bridge-, and to continue

of Larc after. Id quire, was presented to the House, and the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, read; taking notice of the fiiid Bill; and setting forth. That pasted in the 27th year of His said present Majesty’s the Lord Arciibishop of Canterbury, in right of his Arch- reign, to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the bishoprick, and the Petitioner, and John Ford, Esquire, are powers of the said Acts, and for the other purposes \

now Lords of the Manor of Blackburn-, and that the said therein mentioned; and for making and repairing the Bill docs not contain any Clause for the sufficient protec- Road from Glasgozv to or near the Bridge acrois the River tion of their Rights, and many of the Clauses are objection- Blander, at Farm, and from thence to join the

able, and others require alteration: And therefore praying, Roads from Glasgozv to Bridge, and to

That he may be heard, by himself, or his counsel or solicitor, blain the Counties of Lanark, Dumbarton and , against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a was read the third time.

Law in its present form. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- An Act for continuing the term, and conl'olidating into sideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is com- one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow mitted; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road counsel or solicitor, before the said Committee, upon his therein mentioned.

Petition, if he thinks fit. Ordered, That Mr. McDowall do carry the Bill to thd , '■

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Lords, and desire their concurrence, mittee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the

lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, London, &c Petition. to whom the Bill to extend the provisions of two Acts,

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have pasted in the 39th and 40th years, and in the 41ft year of reported.’ voices. the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of

Horse-hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do make the Report from the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying Bill, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, thereof, to the Cities of London and Wand ' and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all places Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the said Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton, City of London, and to amend the said Acts, was com-was committed. mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega-

Mr. Cartzoright accordingly reported from the said Com- - tions of the Bill, and found the same to Jy true; and that

Vol. 58. 1*

Great

520

17° Juniu

A. 1803.

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing,

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gralled.

the Open and Common Arable Lands, Meadow, Pasture,

Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Pari fir of West Hanney, in the County of Berks.; without any Amendment.: And also,

The Lords have agreed t<5 the Amendments, made by Amendment* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the relief of Re^fgyiic' Soldiers and Sailors, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned: And also,

Account of Honey issued mriu.int to \tlcl relics, neienUd.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hatton The House being informed that Mr. Fofler, from the for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons Bl11’

Appendix,

(No. 69.)

Accounts re! peeling Coilet*, pielcnted.

Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-dress to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Kempe, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the quantity of Coffee charged with Duty of Excise, for seven years previous to the 5th January 1 803; together with the Total Amount of the said Excise D uties for the fame period: And also,

An Account of the number of Prosecutions for Penal-

and Waste Lands in the Township of Hutton, in the Parish Amendment, of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ^heI<0r,1‘ dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Foote, Esquire, Note’s with Nina Merries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry Divorce Bill, again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bouriilion’j naturalizing Louis Bouri/Iion; to which the Lords desire Ndt" 1' the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruction who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which was, yesterday, reported from Rmdsand the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Seot Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill for enabling the Proties and Frauds in the Court of Exchequer with respect to prietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a the Duty of Excise on Coffee; and of the Expences in- proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in recurred thereby, for leven years previous to the 5th January pair, Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading ElepionOatbi

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, of the ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made B ’pa e The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other in the 43d year of the reign of His present Majesty, in-

London Pfcrt Improvement Bill, deterred.

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the moreeffec

tituled, " An Act for extending the provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of His pre-lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing the -ment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and‘De-

clarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the election of Members to in Parliament, to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at elections for Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act, passed in the 2d year of the reign of King

The Lords ,have agreed to

I Bill to rtmedy 3 Defers in

I Txchequer

II Bills.

Torquay Pier and Market Bill,

I Chester Roads Bill.

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tucicky next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

* Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon-, without -any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of

KPotterNtwton

His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the

City of Che/ler to the Woodfde Ferry, in the County of day of June, and the 31ft day of December 1800, were ^iiteVon

Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any made from the Committees appointed to enquire into the London (>'

Amendment: And also, state of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom, be referred to the

indulure Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Committee, to whom the Bill for eilablHhing a free Market

I,u u ure 1 for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor in the City of London for the sale of Coals, for defining the

and Township of Potter Nezvton-cum-Gibton, in the Parish dimensions of the different Coal Measures, and for prevent-

1 of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York-, ing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all

without any Amendment: And also, Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act places therein mentioned, is committed.

11 Ordered,

TIrmmv ! Bill.

- Ul

Hi

He

Co.

d:

H:

re:;

K>

•hi

c:r

u:

t.':

Lf

ft-:

t:

tual preventing bribery and corruption in the election " of Members to serve in Parliament," to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, of person having, or claming to have, a right to vote or be polled at any election of any Member or Members to serve ' . for the Commons in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for further regulating the administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament by an Act, passed in the second year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing bribery' and cor-,c ruption in the election of Members to serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That Mr. Giles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, upon the 23d B'P°drtt!a^'ro.

I)

J.

fjfT

O’

urn

;:’V,

,nd

43 Geo. III.

rr

1 / jri

521

determined by AqkS tliC

It fc

A"

"illAlu;

an

iie

Scotch Militia Ordered, That the Order of the day for the second read-Families Bill, |ng Gf the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Mi-committed. j^jen jn Scotland, when called out into actual Service,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a iecond time.

Refolded That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

lider of so touch of the said Acts as felatcs to tht limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee relblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying EJHn-sfes,

° referred:

Refohed That this House will, upon Monday next, re- the Civil Establilliment of the Island of Cape Breton in lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Americafrom the ill of January to the 3 i It of December

King’s

Mef-

[■: Jr

:n. l-to

;:n iu-^ Frr-

n

re-

ili

i>

re*

said BilJ.

___ The Lord Haevhefbury acquainted the House, That he

iagerelfttivcto had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it right to inform the House of Commons, that, from an anxious desire to prevent the calamities of War being extended to the Batavian Republic, He communicated to that Government 11 is disposition to respect their neutrality, provided that a similar disposition was manifested on the part of the French Government, and that the French forces were forthwith withdrawn from the territories of the Batavian Republic: This proportion not having been admitted by the Government oi France, and measures having been recently taken by them in direct violation of the independence of the Batavian Republic, His Majesty judged it expedient to direift IJ is Minister to leave the Hague; and He has since given orders that Letters of Marque and General Reprisals should be issued against the Batavian Republic cand its Subjects.

His Majesty has at all times manifested the deepest and most lively interest for the prosperity and independence of the United Provinces: He has recourse therefore to theie proceedings with the most ilncere regret, but the conduct of the French Government has left Him no alternative; and in adopting theie measures, He is actuated by a fenfc of

1 So2, be referred to the said Committee.

Address thereupon.

C'lftom* Duties Bill, luffed.

.A8i i»fwa. u,i! S|utiiem 'Vin'e

yp. to be . to|!Udtred.

what is due to His own dignity, and to the security and essential interests of his dominions.

Refohed, Nemine Contradicente.That an humble Address

be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message, which affords a fresh proof of His Majesty’s unceasing (olicitude for the security and eftential interests of His People.

Ordered, That the said Address be prolented to His Majesty, by l'uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

An ingrafted Bill to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingrossed Claute was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for permitting the removal of Wine from the Out-Ports into the Port of London.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refohed \That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale " Fisheries," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Bermuda*, the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somers Islands)from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying New the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick B. uniwick, in America, from the 1 ft of January to the 31st of December

1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Nova Scotia, the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the tft of January to the 31 ft ol December 1803, berelerred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Dominica, the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the iff; of January to the 31 It of December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Prince the Civil Establishment 01 the island of John in Arne- 3

rica, now called Prince Edward's, Island, from the 1 it of January to the 31st of December 1S03, be referred to the said Committee. -

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Newfound-the Ci vil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in land. America, from the ift of January to the 31ft ol December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Upper Camda. the Civil Estabjiffiment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Km* South the Civil Establishment of New South Wales Irom the ill of '‘tlC5' January to the 3 ill of December 1803, be referred to the said Committee. 1

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Bahamas, the Civil Establishment of the Bahama 1 Hands in in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from the 1 It of January to the 31st of December 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Money ad-Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being yn'iced from

\ i O Pivi T ill-

part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil LIII), and . j

which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Exnence of defraying Superinten-the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens according 1

to the provisions of an Act, passed in the 42d year of His Majesty’s reign, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Ex- Prosecutions pences incurred for Prosecutions, &rc. relating to the Coin of to the this Kingdom, in the year 1802, be referred to the said °ln# Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works Military and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the Rcxuis* > year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum that may be commiron wanting in the present year to defray the Expences under ni.irm- to the Commission, pursuant to the 6th and 7th Articles

tovHK.TJCUn

Treaty.

of

the American Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be Secret'

42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, wanted for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, bervi:e$*

" An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

‘‘employed in, and for enlarging the limits of, the Ordered, That the Account of the Expence incurred for Works at Southern Whale Fishery, M might be read. Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the HouftsotPar-

And the same being read accordingly; House of the Speaker of the Honourable House of Com- lianient,&c

Refohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re- mons, between July 1802 and 31ft May 1803, ke referred solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- to the said Committee.

58. 6 R Ordered,

17° jFimii.

JT.

1. 1803.

Works

at Somerset House.

Purcknfc of

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Expence incurred for Works done at the Auditor’s Office, the Pipe Office, and the Record Office, at Somerset be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum which will be Bail lings for wanted to complete the Purchase of certain Buildings for Houicsot Par- accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act of the 41ft year of His present Majesty’s reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence incurred in fitting up a House in Abingdon , to be appropriated for depositing the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the Honourable House of Commons, and for the ltefidence of the Clerk of the Journals, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences incurred in printing the 56th Volume of the Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the Fleet Pril’on, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Stock, per computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on lft March 1S03, be referred to the said Committee.

civil Contin- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be onrelaud""* wante<^ to Delray die Civil Contingent Expences for the Sendee of Ireland, for the year 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. -

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 House for ' depositing Journals, See.

• Printing of Journals.

Repairs at Meet Prii'on.

Stock of 7East India Company.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Ccrry presented to the House, according to Order, inst Tndem-a Bill to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to quality pr^eauli themselves lor Offices or Employmerits in Ireland, according to Law: And the lame was received j and read the firII time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further M’i<tia Pay contideraiion the Report from the Committee of tfewhCe , ^l!l*

I Joule, to whom the Bill iur derraying the Chart cot t Ire UClwITC^ Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, lor the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, be now rerd.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tudday next.

Mr. Nicholas Vaudit art presented to the House, according Bill for

ranN ing Du tic, &a Pronely, &c.

to Order, a Bill for orantinu; to His xiaidlv, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain De- prciuuci feriptions of Property and Offices therein described: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill forbertsr Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the s"n,!y ot

, . , . br.tmen,

better supply ot Mariners and Seamen to lerve in 1j~

Committee on Additional Customs Duties Bill.

: I

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Militia Subaltern O.Ticers Bill, presented.

Mr. Hi ley Addington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, while discinbociied: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-moirow.

J IS reported,

Majesty’s Ships of War, and on boaid Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Wffiels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s fable:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners sported/ ’ of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain lums of Money, Interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices there, lor the purpose of enabling them to erect Giebe-houses and Offices convenient for their Residence, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groffied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed for the Members of the I loufe.

Scotch Roads and Bridges Bill, predented.

Account*

have ro’.rg pert or

Ordered, Tint there be laid before this House, an Ac-Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, according to count of the Total Number of british and Foreign Ships and Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Vessels, and their Tonnage, that have entered Inwards at onic.^ Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards the Port of for the year 1802; and alto, an Account

making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of of the Coasting Vessels with their Tonnage, distin.;uishing Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scot- those from Scotland, that have entered Inwards at the t-ud land, to charge their F.states with a proportion of the Ex- Port, for the year afore laid.

pence of making, and keeping in repair, Roads and Bridges Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account in the Highlands of Scotland: And the fame was received; of all Goods imposed into the Port of BriPoi not brought

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. 8

Coastwise, in the years 1799, t8oo, 1801, and ii tinguishing each year.

\oz; oil-

Mr-

[V)

UJ.

: !.u

- l'>

43 Geo. III.

17°—18"

523

Irish Militia Transfer Hill. preleiiLcd,

Mr. Wickham prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now faring in the Militia of Ireland: And the fame wps received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fiecocd time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- w-iys and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

Irtfh Work-_ mens Combination Bill, ordered.

Cotton Manufactures Bill,

committed.

... L f..

:LV.

Ad

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading com *e«rui

unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journey- of the Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, tion men, and Labourers, in Ireland; and for other purposes passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, cwnjmtte relating thereto: And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Cony, and intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. " of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the

"Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, maybe ex-.

The Order of the clay being read, for the second reading " ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th " Great Britain-" and also an Act, made in the present years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for u Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain "and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in to Ireland and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain that part of Great Britain called England " from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Petitions 25air.lt, referred, and CounJel ordered.

; d

Minutes

releried.

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard by themselves, their counfei, agents and witnesses, against the said Bill, did not deft re to be heard in this stage of the BilJ;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rcfe, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet riiis Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of certain Merchants and Manufacturers (ft Cotton Goods, in the down and Neighbourhood of Belton-en-l which was presented to the I louse upon the 3th day of this instant June; and also, the Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods, of Mnnc which was prefen ted to the House upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the coni!deration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is commuted; and the Petitioners are to - be heard, by themselves, their counfei, agents, and

witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Iuftrudion to the said Committee, That they do admit counicl to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the la’d Bui, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, presented to this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes between Masters anti Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture, were referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the floufe to JSum byAn? resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ■mum. the Bill for raising the sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House vviJI please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itlclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His

J;1 to amend

A.rditJr, C

Att,

fckrrcd.

Sabbati, 18° die Junii;

Anno 430 Georgii Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir William The Lords

Pepys and Mr. Ridley: have a8recd

Mr. Speaker, jl

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Northampton-’ vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at j. 1

Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting ' Bji. buildings thereon, for the Service of His Majesty’s Ord- i

nance; without any Amendment: And also, j.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Kevfoe ‘ inclosing Lands in the Parllh oi Kevf in the County of tm-iuiu.e Bill., Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Lancing if inclosing Lands within the Parish of Lancing, in the incioiureBUI. County of Sufex-,without any Amendment: And also, j

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend' for amending an Act, passed in the forty-second year of MickletoB His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, IncIoIureA£ti|'

" allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common Open j

" Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, ji

" within the Township of Micklcton, and Parish of Ro- f

" maldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of j

" York-," and for making compensation for the Tythes, I

and all Payments in lieu of Tythes, within the said Town- J

ship of Mickleton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Penrith and f dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Penrith, F.denhall, Sa/keld, i.itiyiure Bill, otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonky, Hfkett, Wetherail, Hutton, and Newton, the Township cf Middless and Brail/t-

waite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Town- 1

ships of Raughton and Gait fill, and Ivey ill, in the Parish of Da fen, in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest wood, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Wem'ngton inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Werringtcn and Walton, f!d, VVa.;'-.I in the Parish of Paflon, and Copnfy of Northampton; with- °lue ’ out any Amendment: And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Amendments 1

"preterit Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain this House, to the Bill, intituled,'An Act for the further tomaijcious " Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, prevention of malicious lliooting, and attempting to dif- &c

" and for making effectual provision for the better coliec- charge loaded Fire-arms, /tabbing, cutting, wounding,

" tio.ri of the said- Duties;" poiloning, and the malicious uling of means to procure the

Resolved, Thar this House will, uponTuelclay next, re- Milcaniage of Women, and also the malicious letting lire solve itleif into the said Committee. to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in

Vol. cS. VjO 7

524

18°

u.

A. 1803.

England, in the twenty-first year of the late King James the Full, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and " murthering of Ballard Children," and alto an Act, made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, ail'o intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying " and murthering of Ballard Children," and for making other provifrons in lieu thereof.

And then the Meflensers withdrew.

Day appointed for Second Read

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and for settling Disputes

ingot scotch which may aril'e between Mailers and Workmen engaged

Cotton Mali ul tit urers Bill.

in the said Manufacture, be read a second time upon Monday next.

limited, a contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices therein described, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the ninth and fourteenth Articles of the Union between and Scotland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itleif into a Committee oi the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Scotch Roads and Bridges Bill, to be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be iftucd and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland^ and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in repair, Hoads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be printed.

Sir Edward Hales Estate Bill, committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Me linages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in

the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, part of the Sixty Foui settled Estates of Sir Edward Hales, Baronet, in Trullees, penny, be in trufc, to fell under the directions of the High Court of nence inCL

ri*.

vi<:

King’s Mef-ihiyc relative to the Defence of the Kingdom.

Chancery, and to apply the money arising thereby in discharge of certain Incumbrances affecting the said settled Etlatcs, and in reducing and repairing the Manlion-house called Hales Place, being part of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate surplus of the Monies produced determined by such lale in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the remaining part of the said settled Estates, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cal craft, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That lie had a Mcilage from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he predented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and arc as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Repairs at a sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and FleetPnfon. nds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halt-

o

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred in Repairs at the Fieet Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Printing of a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Jouriuls-Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in printing the fifty-sixth volume of the Journals ol tire House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a House for Jc-sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Eighty- P°imi¥ one Pounds Four Shillings and One Farthing, be granted ■Jourius’ 0 to His Majesty, for defraying the Expenc.s incurred in fitting up a House in Abingdon Street, to be appropriated for deporting the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the House of Commons, and for tire Residence of the Clerk of the Journals.

Oi

■1 t

GEORGER.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that, for the more effectual Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, again (I the avowed designs of the Enemy, and for the purpose of providing such means as may be bell calculated fora vigorous prosecution of the War, His Majesty deems it important that a large additional Force should be forthwith raised and assembled.

His Majesty recommends this subjsft to the considera-

and Sixty-nine Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to Parliamt-11 is Majesty, to complete the purchate ot certain Buildings for the accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act of the 4ill year of His present Majesty’s reign.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred and pilce.

eventy-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence

tion of His faithful Commons; and relies with confidence

Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred for Works done at the Auditor’s Office, the Pipe Office, and Record Office, at Somerset Place.

on their zeal and public i'pirit, that they will adopt such measures as, upon this occasion, shall appear to them to be moll effectual, and for carrying the lame into execution with the lead possible delay.

R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said mod graciousMellage into consideration.

kc.

Bill for better Supply of Seaman, pallid.

« .1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to lerve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The said Bill was read the third time.

a sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Four hundred

CD j r

and Thirty-four Pounds, be granted to 11 is Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred for Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, to the 31ft day of May 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Secret a sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Seruccs' Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Commisfi* a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Ex- Treaty, pences under the Commission pursuant to the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

1 i

i.

1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

a sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted

Roads.

to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of the Works and

at a Si

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Three hundred Housess

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

ft

u

I Bill for ^rant-1 in"; D'.it’C'i ►; o-i Pr.wrty,

com:.fitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be

Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That. afum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred and Toif Sixty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, ior ddraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, he. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the year 1802.

Ref!:

ted.

JAO

>W0.

i'.'-il)

-cer.il

43 Geo. III.

18° Juniu

gupcnntcud-

ance of j^liens.

Money advanced from Civil Lilt.

uiu;ec

cpoo

Ti :her~

Repairs of Port Patrick.

Mr. Oeraent-ioxu

Lieutenant

Grant

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bango, Conway, and Liverpool, respecting Surveys, a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Six hundred and and Designs for Bridges over the Straits of Menau Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Returns oi the charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to a sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-nine Pounds g,^of the provisions of an Act, passed in the 42d year of His pre- and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to sent Majesty’s reign. make good the like sum, ifl'ued to Henry Nettleship,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Ma-a sum, not exceeding Five thousand One hundred Pounds jesty’s Civil List Revenues, for making up, and publishing Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His in The London , Weekly Returns of the Average

Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been ifl’ued Price of Brown, or Muscovado So gar, for One year* to the to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, loth day of October 1802.

out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for additional RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Feesonpaf Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted p"^ Accounts, for half a year, to the 5th of April 1803. to His Majesty, to make good the like sum issued to Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That nard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out a sum, not exceeding Five hundred Fifty-eight Pounds of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, todischarge Fees on Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His passing of Public Accounts.

Majesty, to make good the like futn which has been issued Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to William Mitford, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex- a sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-nine Pounds R0'aJ? chequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Ma-a Bill drawn by Lieutenant General Vyfe, for the Repairs of jesty, to make good the like sum, issued to Charles Aber-Rort Patrick. crcmbie, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

Resolved, Tha.t\t is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences attend-afum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-leven Pounds ing the Surveys of the intended Military Roads through

part of the Counties of Sutherland and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upperCanad. a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ill day of January to the 31ft day of December 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nova Sooti*. a sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Six hundred and

and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum ifl'ued to John Clementson, Inquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences incurred by him in removing from his official House, in consequence of the Apartments being wanted for the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been ifl'ued to William sixty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

Conviso.

j;cu jji

ti to

, ,‘!J

j;.1t

t:*'

as

[hi:-;

jrt'i ’

f.if

Settlement intended to be formed at New South Wales.

Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be paid to Lieutenant Grant ,late Commander of the Colonial Brig Lady Nelson, for Losses sustained during the time he was employed by the Governor of New South Wales, and for Expences on his return home.

Resolvedit is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for sundry articles provided for the use of the Convicts embarked on board the Glaiton for Ac:-' South Wales.

R.fjived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-four Pounds and Thirteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to William Chiu-

New

Brumwick.

the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion otthis Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New j

Brunswick, in America, from the ift day of January to the j

3 ill day of December 1803. j

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prince j a sum, not exceeding Two thousand Two hundred and wards Idand'; fourteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of )j

the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in ji

America, now called Prince Edward’s If and, from the ift day of January to the 31 ft day of December 1803. j

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Cape Breton, j a sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and '

nery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Passage to the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Ift and of Bass's Streights, on the Coast of Neiv South Wales, of the Cape Breton, in from the ill day of January to the

Lieutenant Governor of the Settlement intended to be 3? ft day of December 1803.

George

Mr

Yon-c.

formed there, and of the Officers of the Civil and Military Establishment.

Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand and Sixty Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty,

f"n'fys,&c.

*or Bridges over the Straits of Hcnu,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Newfound-, a sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and land' 1 fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of NezvfounJiand, in America, from the ift day of January to to make good the like sum which has been ifl'ued to Sir the 31ft day of December 1803.

George Tong;, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bahama*. Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to repay the Expences in- a sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Pounds,

curred in consequence of Orders directing his immediate be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the,

return to England. Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands in America, in,

Resolved, That it is t lie Opinion of this Committee, That addition to the salaries now paid to the public Officers out 1

a (um, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-seven Pounds of the Duty Fund, and other incidental charges attending

Eleven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Ma- the lame, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of

jesty, to make good the like sum which has been ifl’ued to December 1803.

John Rennie, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bermudas,

of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the "a sum, not exceeding Five hundred and eighty Pounds,

Expences of Surveys, Reports, and Designs for Bridges over be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Straits of Menai. the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somers Islands, t

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That from the iftdayof Januarytothe3iftdayof December 1863. a sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirteen Pounds Thir- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Domini* teen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, a sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be granted to to make good the like sum, ifl'ued to Captain Joseph Hud- His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Efta-dart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s bliflunent of the Island of Dominica, from the ift day of Civil List Revenues, for Expences incurred in a journey to January to the 3 ift day of December 1803.

Vol. 58.

6 S

Goo;

K

26

IS0—20° Junil

A. 1803.

R:so!vcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a ium, not exceeding Nine thousand One hundred and t venty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, he £■•anted to Mis Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South IVa/es, from the ill day of January to the 31ft day of December 1803.

India R johedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

i?v x :i s’ n°r a *um’ not cxccec^in£ One Minion, be granted to His currcl! foVn" Majesty, to enable His Majesty to repay to the United •PubiitService. Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, the like sum, on account of the expences incurred by them in the public Service, during the late War.

, r:

»l.l

,t Extraordinary

\ ^c:Mces oi

■J Army.

1 J

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Calcraft presented to the House, according to Or- Beverftone der, a Bill for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of InclosureBiti; Beverftone, in the County of Gloucester; And the fame was preente(1-received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Amendment An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several indofureBiu,

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, agreed to.

a sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain, for the year 1803.

c°iu Ireland. Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds sterling, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the year 1803.

• Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a lum, not exceeding Filty Thousand Pounds sterling, being Fifty-four thousand One hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Contingent Expences for the service of Ireland, for the year ! 803.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Civil Contin-eienfEx peaces . for Ireland.

t . Additional n Customs ' Duties Bill, reported.

:i'.

el‘i

r» 1

'Militia Subal-r, . tern Ofncera Bill,

i I

committed.

.1 1

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

A Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, while disembodied, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, relblve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followethi

viz.

At the end of the Bill insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" this Act shall be printed by the " Printer to the King’s Most Excel-" lent Majesty, and may be given in " evidence in all Courts of justice,

" and before all Judges and Justices,

" who shall take judicial notice there-" of in like manner as if the fame had " been declared to be a Public Act."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburneof do carry the

Bill to the Lords.; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua- Iriflilndem-lifv themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Com Rten-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the 42CI year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth " day of February one thousand eight hundred and three,

" the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be " exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and horn Ireland " to Great Britain and also, an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Bill for raising a Sum by An-; unities, rc-i ported.

1

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Iloute.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunev, 20° die;

Anno 430 Georgii Ill!ii Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

SI R Edmund Cradock Hart off reported from the Corn-

mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and r"portcJ.

O’

s, M ca-

ll’ VyXcifc Confo-1; tillation Bill, i printed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first

time.

Resolved, Tlaat the Bill be read a second time.

6

inclosing, the several Common and Open Field dows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of W, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships or Liberties of Thrinvstoneand Peefs Green, all within the Parish of Whit-wick, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied withand that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fan>e to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their

confer

33,

upon

’ Of*

iih Of e was

1 the !r.

ukJ,

:vd

'"h

A'ithj

43 Geo. IIL

200 yit?iii.

527

content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates aflellld to the Land 'lax, at f. i.17 s. io d. per annum, who refuted to lien the

Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates allllild at £. 17. 8s. of d. who were neuter; and that the whole

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account

Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he ^'^2' was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Co ir,«

pursuant to their Order, . , , relented.’

An Account of all Ships that have exported Corn from p

of the property belonging to persons interested in the the several Ports of England, from the 20th day of March Inclosure is assessed at £ in. is. id. per annum; and 1803 to the 1 ft day of May following; distinguishing the that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose Ports, the Ships Names, and the Countries to which they the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the were bound.

if

I> " ii’

Bnl, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation Tommorrow.

Tht

r ike ,xcel-c:. ia

.iioC*

.\-ad

-w"

"•as.

vine

!oue

-ft!;

Ui-

■arii

rV

let,

:o3

iaw

A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton,

JVtition of Merchants,

min’d Cotton in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, ManufaSur- ansi read; taking notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Disputes " that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged " in the Cotton Manufacture in that part of Great Britain " called England:" And praying to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, and agents, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he then heard, by themselves, their counsel, and agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bam Htath A Motion being made, That the Bill for inclosing and committe/111’ Prov'ng a certain tract of Common or Waste Land,

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table;

The laid Account is preferred amongst the dther Papers of this Session.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Worplcflidi Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of B

Worplefdon and Wanborow, and in the Manor of Wanborow, piet

in the Parishes of Ash and Puitenham, in the County of Surrey: And the lame was received; and read the first time;

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to lowther’s

whom the ingrofil'd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^22 j ‘ Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right paired, honourable WH/ia.m Yilcount Lowther, and the respective Devilees, under the Wills of Sir Will Baronet, and the Right honourable James late Earl of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfadiion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time;

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pass. )

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

bath

called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, be

now read a second time; _ Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according to Little Ormfiil

And the House being informed that James Cooper and Order, a Bill for inclosing Commons within the Township inclmure Bii Thomas Cartwright, who petitioned this House upon the of Little in the County 0 And the presented'

fame was received; and read the first time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a second time.

24th day of May last, on behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Beam Heath Common, praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard upon their laid Petition;

The said Bill was read a second time

Mr. Blackburne of Lancafire, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to niilrrfpeftinj

Refilved, TIi.it the Bill be committed to Mr. EgerUn..Billft». railingend securing a Fund fur making

fr. ,f 1 X-o: A nH the ,re to nwr rrov"'°" for the VV ldows of the VV riters to His Majesty's .1

Signet in Scotland, was committed; That the Committee reported, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through Baifoni Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

feortC‘d the Bill for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and im- they had directed him to report to the House; and he read. proving the Market-places within the Town of Bedford, in the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the County of Bedford, and making proper avenues with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thereto; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watch- the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a ing, watering, and improving, the Highways, Streets, second time, one by one5 and, upon the Question severally Squares, and other public passages and places, within the Put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, laid Town of Bedford, and for preventing nuitances,.annoy- That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

ances, and obstructions therein; and for rebuilding the gross'ed.

Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town of Bedford,

was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Earl of A Bill for altering and enlarging some of the provisions Hackney Ashburnham, and the humble Petition of the several other of an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty’s Churci. Bill, Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being reign, intituled, •" An Act for amending an Alt; pasted in coramitte ' , Owners of Lands and Tenements situated in or near the " the 30th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for

Town of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

" taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the " Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Mid-" d, and for building another Church and Tower for " the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional " Cemetery or Churchyard; and for raising a further sum " of Money for completing the said Church, apd other Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, " works," was read a second time.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where R That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Sir the Amendments were once read throughout; and then Francis Burdett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve- at Five of the clock, in the Speaker s Chamber, rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing, allot- weeing grofled. ting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Mea- Inclo;',rt El

\r r* t j committed.

Vol. 58. | d0WS,

528

20° Junii.

A 1803.

clows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, within Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Bill forralfiaj the Manor and Tything of Sutton next Wokeing, in the of the ingrossed Bid for raising the sum of Twelve Millions ^snun^y Parish of IVokeing, in the County of Surrey, be now read a by way of Annuities, be now read. paifai.

second time; ~

And the House being informed that the several Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Parish of If okeing, who petitioned this House upon the 29th day of April last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, declined being heard upon their said Petition;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s An Act for raising the sum of Twelve Millions, by way of

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 7. To leave out from "assignable," to "at," in 1. 8.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

•"S

j]

Chamber,

1 Exeter Road* Mr. Fuller of Exeter reported from the Committee, to; supported, whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, improving,

* and keeping in repair, Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto, and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from 1 the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto,

was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Exeter-, and also, the Petition of 1 the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed,

•; being Inhabitants of the Western District of the County

:i of Devon, were severally referred; That the Committee had

! considered the said Petitions, and had gone through the

! BUI, and made several other Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 17.1. 6.; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

, The Amendment in Fo. 17. 1. 6. which was to fill the

<j blank with the word " half," being read a second time;

! A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 9th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render more effectual, two Acts, " for amending several Roads leading from the City of " Exeter; and for repairing and widening several other

U " Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or re-

1 " pairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading

( " thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge

" over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear, in the: " County of Devon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

.; And the Question being put, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Amendment; r; The House divided.

1. The Noes went forth.

’ s Tellers for the Yeas

1 1 ellers for the 1 easTMr. Newton Fellowes:

34-

Tellers for the Noes *Mr° Buller of Exeter, t

Idlers for the ^Noes,^.^ Charles W ?2°

So it passed in the Negative.

The residue of the Amendments, made by the Corn-

Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to FourthRerort whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and Central on Surrey'of Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the

Right honourable the Lords Cormnissioners of His Ma- j

jesty’sTreafury, in the Autumn of 1802, was referred; and I

who were empowered to report their O’ofervations -there- '

upon, from , time to time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof i

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and I

afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Heport do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report and Appendix are inserted in the Appendix, Appendix to this volume. (No. 52.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commitso» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M^ing, reu_ consider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Satur- the" day last, be now read. Defence of

And the said Order being read accordingly; the King

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the fime.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for FI is most gracious Message, and to allure His Majesty of our readinels and determination to give every facility in our power to the adoption of all such measures as may be most effectual for defeating the avowed designs of the Enemy against the United Kingdom, and for the vigorous prosecution of the War.

And Mr. Stanley moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine Contradiceute, That an humble Address Address be presented to His Majesty, to return llis Majesty the theieup3* Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message; and to allure His Majesty of our readinels and determination to

the Duties on Heps.

fnittee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, give every facility in our power to the adoption of all such ’ ~ " ■’ r c ' measures as may be most effectual, for defeating the avowed

designs of the Enemy against the United Kingdom, and for the vigorous prosecution of the War.

That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of Flis Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Stanley also reported from the said Committee, That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security

upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition com- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Yeomen, i'. P.1*1"’"? °* whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners,

and concerned in the cultivation of Hops, in the Eastern part of the County of Su/fex, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duties imposed on Hops; of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prole-and praying for relief. mtinn nf Hi<» War

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

cution of the War.

And Mr. Stanley moved the Floufe accordingly.

Ordered,

33.

43 GiiOi XIX*

20* Junll.

act

n= till, or BiUSt

Ons for railing an

additional r^i ^ilixary

ofikrctL

mad!

eftion ] iVJS

:!e be, -av of

3 til!

e, to?

rra!0

;d

!i.c31

,a':of , ar.d

;:ted

i ik he

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills* to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom* and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War: And that Mr. Stanley, Mr*

Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. the Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act* Steele, Mr. Hiley Addington, General Maitland, Mr. William passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty,

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended lay tfitf Committee, be printed for the Members of the House;

Ordered, That the Order of the day* for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Comm it tee. of* the whole House, Upon

Dundas, Mr. Wand bring in, the fame.

Mr. Corry, do prepare* and

Committee of Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Session of Parliament* for continuing the said Act; and for

intituled, "An Act for regulating; until the fifteenth " day of February one thousand eight hundred and three* " the Prices at which Grain, Meal,* and Flour may be ex-* ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to " Great Britain-," and also an Act, made in the present

granted to His Majesty, be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PoleCarew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they had come to 'several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Pole Carew also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Accounts relative to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received by the Trustees and

by their the year

«fKr*Fraits| Commissioners of First Fruits, &c. in Ireland, or V 4c. in Ireland, Treasurer on their account, in each year, from

tedera1' 1791 to the year 1802, both years inclusive; distinguish

Is ID O'?"

[its

VJi

[liw '•

arJ

•■ti)

L’i

Yid

Hi

Hi

• I*

Committee

&n Bill fur

pnting J>utits on 'operty.

h

Sported.

ing in each year the different Estates, Funds, Grants* or other sources of Income, from which such Sums have been severally received; also, an Account of the Sums arising therefrom, which were remaining in the hands of the said Trustees and Commissioners, or their Treasurer, on the ill day of January and ill day of July in each of the said yeats, and also on the ill day of January 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money expended by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland, in each year*

from the year 1791 to the year 1802, both years inclusive; distinguishing in each year the different Heads of Service to which the Expenditure has been applied; distinguishing also, in all cases where the fame has been applied to the building or repairing of Churches, or the building and repairing of Glebe Houses, the names of the several Parishes or Benefices where such Improvements have been made, and the lum granted for each.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices therein described, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 he House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

’01,

permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Cortiniittce..

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second readr S«otch Road* ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of bridges Bill* Twenty Thousand Pounds; to be issued and applied to- committed, wards making Roads dnd building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors 6f Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the Expence of making* and keeping in repair* Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- inih Militia ing of the Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly j J

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. j

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself \

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill* ,

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time Su^Bii’j, to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain presented ' descriptions of Personal Property, and from Professions j

and Trades therein mentioned: And the* fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. .1

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr.. Wickham presented to the House, according to irifcWorle- 1 Order, a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work- Mt?on^5?b^ men. Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland, presented. * and for other purposes relating thereto: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a fecolid time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the f/oufe, according to Militia Adjo-Order* a Bill to revive, and further continue and amend tants Bi,1> ’

so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of prslented* the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of

6T England

vjCHJ * I

530

20°—2P

A. 1803.

Bill for cort-blidating I’rovilions re-* (pecting Af-IclTed Taxes, deferred.

Assessed Taxes Bill, deftrrtd.

England disembddied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being lead, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Com mi (lionets for the Affairs bf Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages construded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow,

certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels; in Great Britain, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

The Hoiafie, according to Order, resolved itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, while disembodied.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill to repeal the Duties bf Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

iG

1* '

Com mi'ter oi ‘ j X'.iiitr.Subal.' VII tern OL.cers ' " Bill. ":

.v

Fxci fr Cor.so-liilation Bill, . committed.

Committee oi Irish Indeitt-

< IrifK Cnltoms and Excise Regulation Bill, deferred.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have nityBlll. The Order of the day being read, for the House to omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon in Ireland, according to Law,

the Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

Kill to pun'isti

Often ces in: Ireland in deft roying Ships, . 2cl. passed.

-into the said Committee.

The ingrossed Bill for making more effectual provision within Ireland, for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual provision within Ireland, for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully catting away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

3

b.

Alai ft s, 21° cite

Anno. 43* Georgii III'" Regis,

180

I:

1 ...

Prayers.

Milif-ia V imilies Bill, dteierred.

MR. Culcraff reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Tennyson, Esquire, on behalf of himself and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands The Order of the day being read, for the House so re- and Tenements within the several Parishes of Scartho, JYal~ solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon thaw, Holton-le-Clay, IVaith, Gramjby, North Thorejbv, Lud-the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Militia borough, Utterby, Fotherby\ Brackenbiiry, and Louth, in the Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service; County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, into the said Committee*

Scartfio and . ‘ Louth Road *

Petition, reported. V- 0

1

Ripply,

erred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1 c-nch Cotton 1 M-mutacturers-Bill, deterred.

i Addition.*] Customs Jduties Bill, f deiernd.

relative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Paddefun being examined, said. That the Road lead-Thc Order of the day being read, for the second reading ing from a certain back Lane, in the said Parish of Scartho, of the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton Manufac- through the same Parish, and from thence through the ture in Scotland, anil for settling Disputes which may ariie laid several other Parishes of,

between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manu- North Thorejby, Ludborough, Fotherby, and

facture; Brackenbury, into the said Parish of Louth, to a certain

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- place there situated, and called Hollowgate Head, is in a morrow. . verybad and ruinous flat* and condition, and is in many

parts thereof very crooked, narrow, and incommodious for The Order of the day being read, for taking into further the passage of horses, cattle, and carriages, and that the consideration the Report from the Committee of (he whole Statute Work is insufficient for the repairing and main-to whofn the Bill for granting to His Majesty taining of the said Road, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-

'.-C

ii

pairing.

■‘-’■I

f-t'

/ Vjj

h -.

K

43 Geo. III.

Qi° Junii. 531

pairing, altering, and widening, the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollcrwgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Calc raft, Mr. Chaplin, and Mr. Baldwin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

*»u.

Fivrrlhm Koadi Bill>

ECffC'V,

dio: ?. ramira.:.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widtning the Road leading from the high Pod Road, near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Holy Lane, in near

the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two A els, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of

Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence*

trait*?: h Ir.da / Siu

o*d Rojil n, id.

Carlton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or fSre Bill Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parishes of Munitted. ’ Charlton Adam and Charlton ,in the County of

Somerset, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dichinfon, Sir Robert John Buxton,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Petitions of A Petition of the Fishermeri of Barking, in the County

"I'lnt'ancf Q8'cx* was presented to the House, and read; taking

Greenwich, notice of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and spinftFiling their Successors, by the name of " The Fishing Company," for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Ella-;-blishment: and letting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of Vessels solely employed in supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and, should the said Bill pals into a Law, they will be motl materially injured: And therefore praying the House to protect them from the ruin they would inevitably experience, unless it should be enacted that the proposed Fishing Company should not interfere with the old Establishment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed,

A Petition of the Fishermen of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That, Ihculd the fame pass into a Law, it must end in the total ruin of themselves and families: And therefore praying the House to take their cale into lerious consideration.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23. Ryder (A.)7After " time," insert " or such of 1. 16.y‘ them the said James Ratnfay and " James Pairman, and the Heirs of " their respective bodies, as may be alive at the time."

1. 34. Leave out from " Pairman td

" and, " in 1. 35.

1; 36. Leave out from " bodies," to the end of 1. 37, and insert " or such " of them as may be alive at the " time, so."

I’he said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. .

Mr. Dundas of Berkshire presented to the House, accord- Billrcfpeflin ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in 1ented.,eS’ the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the

reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and,

" Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment " of the Debts incurred for building any Poor-house; And the fame was received; and read the first time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecund time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.;

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeec

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- i^southera fider of lb much of two Acts, made in the 38th and 42d wLie years of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Fishery. 1 limits of the Southern Whale Fishery, be now read. j

And the said Order being read accordingly; j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. i

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, 1

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the said Reported,:

Committee* That he was directed by the Committee to

move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for 1

enlarging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

And Sir Robert John Buxton moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- Bill ordered, larging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery: And that Sir Robert John Buxton, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

r* of Perl, hire reported from the Committee,

Cwu’th to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Craigencate, and others, commonly called Eft ate, and also

the Lands of Dischandad or Dickendad, and others, lying in the Counties r.f Kinrofsand to and in favour of JVilham Adam, of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the lame l'eries ot Heirs in Fee-Tail, and under the lame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn, of WoodJloun, deceased, of his Real Estates, and in a Disposition of the fame date, of his Personal* Estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William Adam, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee-fimpic, the Lands ot Hall, Woodfioun, Hillend, Ftjherhills, and others, lying in

the County of Kincardine-, and also the Balance or Kefidue of the Personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found-the same to be true; *nd that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto, which they, had directed ‘ Vot, 58.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

•Pophamr have agreed,

Mr. Speaker, i!

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Stafford and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, '!

passed in the ninth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of J

His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the \

end of the County of Stafford, through Nantwick, to the City of Chester, so far as the said Acts relate to the First Dillridt of Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for GaOton, &c. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Paf- Inciaiurejji tures, Cars, and other unincloted Grounds, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter Brompton, in the Parish of,

Ganton, and the Township of Binnington, in the Parish of IVillerby, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Kirk ireton inclosing Lands in the Townships of Kirk Ireton, in the InclosureBi Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of. Callow, in the Parish of ' FVirksworth, In the County of Derby; without any Amend- i

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for Braifington dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mea- inciofureBil dows, and Pastures, within the Township of Brajington, ment*^mem

[ tized y(jOO^lt^erW

532 21 'JA. 1803.

I otherwise BraJJbtt, and the Commons and Waste Grounds*

called Braffmgton, other wise Braffon Common, in the Parish oi Bradbourne, in the County o; with some Amend-

ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

, Thf Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the shore effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences junishment wllially Calling away, burning, or destroying Ships and if offences in Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries hipy&ct |n Fel°hies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made

j in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the

i Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accelfaries to

J Murders, and to Manslaughters; to which the Lords de-

fire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

! Jill read. And the said Bill, from the Lords, was read the first time.

, Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Petition of A Petition of the Fishermen of Harwich, in the County

Urwichn QQ'ex> was presented to the House, and read; taking

* notice of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and: Fishing their Successors, by the name of " The Fishing Company," £i'I"J>an5r * for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Efta-

• blilhmenl; and letting forth, That the Petitioners are Pro-

1, prietors of Vessels solely employed in supplying the Metro-

• polis with Fishfand they trull the House will protect them

.1 from the ruin they would inevitably experience, unless it

should be enacted, that the proposed Fishing Company it shall not interfere with the old Establishment: And there-

! fore praying the House to permit them to be heard by

! their Counsel, or agents.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel,

'i; or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition,

if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inltrudion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time,

j;! in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition*

J:

|rest Ad* An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, acfoiure Bill, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable

uireU. Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great -

:> dington, in the County of Northampton, was read the third time.

j Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

j An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great -

i ton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the

il Lords, and desire their concurrence.

i wiidmore Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the •Orainaje Bill, Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers of

: eported. . an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present

’! Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of

•I Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Well and Eall Fens in

| the County of Lincoln, was committed j That the Com-

'i mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

:i found the same to be true; and that the parties con-

|i cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfac-

tion of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone j through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and 1 then a second time, one by one} and, upon the Qucllion

t severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

, , grofled.

Cornwall’* An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Kitate Bill, effecting the Sale of the Mansion-house and Grounds late j committ* . of John Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of 1 Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for invelling the 1 Purchase-money, under the direction of the Court of Chan-

eery, in another Ellate, to be settled to the liunc uses, was -read a second time.

' JRefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, William

Adam, Mr. Byng, kc.: And they are to meet this After-fldon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Ordet of the day, for the House to ii-ift custottu tefolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon am* Excii« the Bili to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the better 1jj?i|l(l:ition collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Cuf- deferred, toms arid Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, tefolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Saint James’s of the Bill for eroding a new Workhouse in the Parish of cor£ftf>'>Ct* Saint James, within the Liberty of and for read a second

amending and enlarging the powers of so much of an Act, passed in the id year of the reign of His present Ma-> 1*^1. jesty, as relates to the Poor of the said Parish; and also for amending an Act, passed in the ill year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting " a new Parish to be called the Parish of Saint James,

" within the Liberty of Westminster

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

Then the counsel again It the Bill was called in.

And the said IVII was read a second time.

And the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday lall, was also 1'ead.

And the counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bilk

And a Motion being made, and the Questioft being put. Motion for That the Bill be committed; thrall""*

It passed in the Negative. (Neg’.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur* Report of ther consideration the Report which was made from the i^fciofiire Bill, Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, arid further con-inclosing, the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, lidered’ Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Whitwick, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Liberties of Thringstcne and Pegg's Green, all within the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And Mr. Wickham (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Shipping employed by the East India Com- shipping, pany, specifying the names, tonnage, and number of feet ordered, water each dal’s of Ships draws when fully laden, as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Mr. Pole Carezv, according to Order, reported from the Report Way-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred "ldt.^'eeat"5* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the irda«d. Supply granted ro His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Additional towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty custom»[&c. of Ten Pounds per centum, Irish currency, be charged upon the produce and amount of the several Duties of Customs and Import Excise payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland, except Tobacco,

Resolved,

43 Geo.HI. 21° Junil.

533

CaS,

<*)

fiXfj;*

ni,

iiTcd,

jidJitioiijd fairies ot

Viltams.&c.

D*.

*fa*i

'J-'kicoi Biii,

■1 a i£CGad

H.

fcjtyon

Wiflc.

D*.

in’ror

Doty on Spirits*

tof

nick

artB/J,

:rcw*

D*.

D".

Duty on Malt.

ft

tof

lii

ViG

Ti-'i

0

d

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Pound centum be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Ireland, exported to any part of Europe, or to any Port of Place within the Streights of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Three Pounds/>«■ centum be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds, of the true and real value, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, exported from Ireland, to any Port or Place whatever, not being in or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excile of Seven Pounds, Irish currency, be charged upon every Tun of all French Wines, which shall on the 19th day of June 1803 be in His Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer of Wine in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excile of four Pounds, Irish currency, be charged upon every Tun of all Portugal and Madeira Wine, Spanish and Canary Wine, and all \V ines of the Dominion of Spain, and the Wines of Naples and Sicily, which shall on the 19th day of June 1803 be in His Majesty’s Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer of Wine in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Nine Pence, Irish currency, be charged upon every Gallon of Brandy, Rum, Geneva, and other Foreign Spirits, perfectly made, and not exceeding Single proof, imported into Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Nine Pence, Iriflj currency, be charged upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita?, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or distilieJ upon Malt or Corn in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising tire Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Nine Pence, Irish currency, be charged upon every’ Gallon of Aqua Vita?, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or distilled from Mollifies or Sugar in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and One Penny, Irish currency, be charged upon every Barrel ot Malt made in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shifting and One Penny, Irish currency, be charged upon every Barrel of Malt which shall on the nineteenth day of June 1803 be in the flock or pollution of any person or persons in Ireland.

1 he four first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ihe filth Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Way’s and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Then the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolutions agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Pole Carew Mr. Cony, Mr. Chancellor oft he Exchequer, Mr. Wickham Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald, and the Earl Loftus, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

nttdt» Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of fcndderof erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Vpi. 58.

Eastern Coast of Scotland, near to the entrance of the Firth Lighthouse of Forth; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Pulteney,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castle-reagh, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr.

Bragge, Sir Robert John Buxton, Sir Robert Preston, Mr. berforce, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. , Mr. Bond,

Mr. Manning, Mr. Charles Grant, Mr. Corry, Mr. Burdon,

Mr. William Smith, and all the Members who serve for London, Hull, Newcastle-upon Tyne, North Britain, and the Maritime Counties: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from Corn Rce-uft the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited, an Act, passed in the 4ad year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘e An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of " February one thousand eight hundred and three, the " prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be ex-" ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland " to Great Britain; " and all'o an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, was committed, the Aniehd-ments which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which’ they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his, place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to autho- i^pfov-meii rize the advancement of further sums of Money out of the Bill. " j Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London. [

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 'j

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ,i

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- r

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, ‘

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.;

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the In(1em Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- nity Bill, demnify Persons who have omitted to quality themselves rePorte<k for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To* j

morrow.

C^OOg 1C Mr*

iiitia Subal-n Officers Bill, sorted.

filitia Pay

.Bill,

I i erred*

iiitia

djutanls

Bill,

•mniitteda

>mmittee on ill to amend edicine Dty Act.

'.Hi G'che iculcs Bill, palied,

,1

i!

r»

I.

Iv

I.

534

21* Juni'i.

A. 1803.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers t>f the Militia, while disembodied, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Pr. 4. 1. 3.

1. 8.

To leave out "January" and infect " July," in (lead thereof.

To leave out " Tanuary " and insert

Pr.

out " January " and " July," instead thereof.

, 1. 13. To leave out "January" and insert

" July," instead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 38. After " Fire" to insert " at some " public Insurance Office in Great Britain or Ireland.

13. I.27. To leave out " Five " and insert " Four," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain sums of Money, Interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the' reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an " Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting S*. mp Duties on certain " Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; " and for making effectual provision for the better collec-" tion of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrafted Bill to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland, to lend certain sums of Money, Interest-free, to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their residence, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners, was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.

To

and insert

leave out "January1 " July," instead thereof.

1. 16. To leave out "January'

July," instead thereof, leave out " January " and insert " July," instead thereof.

To leave out " preceding1

h 23.

1. 25.

To

and insert

and insert

" succeeding," instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Commirteeoa solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon xransllr'513 the Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen Bill, as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repfirt, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Scotch Road* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the adcmJ. Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making, and keeping in repair, Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be Personal limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain deferip- p'°pe^j 4c‘ tions of Personal Property, and from Professions and Trades committed, therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself . into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

A Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, in Hi wv>rk-Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland, and for mens

, J r i 1 .• , nation Bill,

other purposes relating thereto, was, according to Order, committed, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee , of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-foive itself into a Committee of the whole lloufe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the clay being read, for taking into further for con-consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole ti>iidating^* House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several pro- Ailciled visions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Taxes,

6 Duties dctcrr-'d-

e

43 Geo. III.

Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

consideration Tommorrow.

,.4 The Order of the day being read, for taking into further tJaBiil, consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole *>1{i House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Cniuitteon The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-tohMilitia solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fiaiiitsBilt gjj £or provj(jing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to mile and establish a Militia Force in might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mratou. Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, that no Substitute shall be enrolled who shall, at the time of his being produced for enrolment, have more than two children.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for the appointment of Deputy Lieutenants for the Counties of Bute and Sutherland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Cotton The Order of the day being read, for the second reading tiKrsSi!!, the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton Manufac-'aaitted. ture in Scotland, and for settling Disputes which may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture;

And the House being informed that the Lveral Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 8th day of March lad, praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Bandas, Sir William Pu/tency,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petitions of the said •"tyand *everal Persons, being Mailer Manufacturers in the City * of Glasgozv, and Town of Paisley, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the confi-deiayon of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Vol. 58.

535

The other Order of the day. being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole committee on House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when, the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 22° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

MR. George Vanfittartreported from the Committee, Waltham

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- reported. ’ dows. and Common Pallures, within the Precincts of the ’Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also within so much-of the Manor of Hall, as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- i

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and i

found the same to be true; and that the parties con- ’

cerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 34 acres and 4 perches, who refilled to lign the Bill; and also, the Owners of 56 acres 1 rood and 35 perches, who were neuter; a.id that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed conlills of 584 acres 2 roods and 11 perches; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and '

lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and j

then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- 1

g rolled. j

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Whitwi k * the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, indoiureBl], '! Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Pa‘rcd' I Liberty of Whitwick, and the Commons and Waste

Grounds within the Townships or Liberties of

and Pegg's Green, all within the Parish of in the f

County of Leicester, was read the third time.;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to J;

be made to the Bill; viz. 1

Pr. 1. 1. 7. After " Moor," to insert " as well as " other Waste Grounds."

Pr. 38. 1. 21. To leave out from," injury" to the end of the Press.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of

and Townships or Liberties of Thringstone and Pegg's Green,

in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp to carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Anftwr* to j their Address, of Friday last (to return His Majesty the Addleires' Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message of that day) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

V (TO ICLord

21—22° Junii

536 22" Juiiiu A. 1803-

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That their Address of Monday lad (to return His Miielly | the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message

of Saturday lad) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the lit mo moll graciously.

tourlliion’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for •lat. Bill, naturalizing Louis Bour'tliion, was read the first time.

<a<3‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Foote’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

d°rCe dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Foote, Esquire, with Nina Herries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other pmposes therein mentioned,; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the thereunder-signed Watermen and Lightermen of the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent,« Members of the Sunday Ferry Society; and also, the Petition of the thereunder-ligned Inhabitants of the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Bill respecting An ingrossed Bill for railing and securing a Fund for Writers to the making provision for the Widows of the Writers to His aHpuilbd?" Majesty’s Signet in Scotland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, i An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making pro-

j vision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty’s

| Signet in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to

j the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Adams's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

will'd settling and securing the Lands of Cr algetic ate, and others,

Amendments, commonly called ’The Blair Adam , and also the

Lands of Dischandad or Dickendad, and others, lying in

; the Counties of Kinross and Fife, to and in favour of

William Adam of Blair AdEsquire, and the fame series of Heirs in Fee-tail, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn of Woodjloun, deceased, of his real; Estates, and in a disposition of the fame date, of his personal Estate; and for vesting in the afore laid William

\ Adam, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee-timple, the Lands

1 ot Hall, Woodjloun, Hillend, and others, lying in

the County of Kincardineand alto the balance or residue | of the personal Estate of the said Alexander was

read the third time.

! Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath , agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; to which

Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

Report on A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon ^somena the 14th day of this in (hint June, was made from the

inal Bill, Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company

•on'fdered of Proprietors of the DorJ’et and Somerset Canal Navigation ’ to raile a further sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Wednesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further

j consideration.

The House accordingly procedeed to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the , Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

R.'.veniborne Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, ‘ at or near its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, in the

A Petition of several Hop Planters, or Persons mate- Petition com-rially concerned in the cultivation of Hops, in the County she'Duti-1 ii ' of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining flops, of the Duties imposed on Hops; and praying for relief. "/

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. "

ipetting the TiinnJiig Trade in Ireland.

Sir John Stewart reported from the Committee, to whom Report on the several Petitions, which have been presented to this ct,t,ons rc~ House in thk Session of Parliament, relj>ecting the Tanning Trade in Ireland, were referred; and who were empowered 10 report their Observations thereupon to the House; That the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matter of the said Petitions; and it appeared, by the Evidence laid before them, that the Tanners feel themselves aggrieved by an inconvenience which at present exists in not having it in their power to declare oft’ Ids than one-fourth of their works, upon which Your Committee beg leave to observe, That if power were given to the Tanners to declare oft' one-eighth of their works, it might, under the subsisting regulations, be done with safety to the Revenue and the fair Trader, who pays the full Duties.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-seif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

: T:i

Referred to 3 Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Mlrcfpcfting reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in g0romit<ted.b, U: the last Session of Parliament, intituled^ " An Act to amend r

" an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of " His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employ-<f ment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the •-

" Debts incurred for building any Poor-houlb," be now

read.; /

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. K,

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it- /’

self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said T

Bill.

Mr. IVUberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Agar’s Elhte •1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ^fth Am^nd-v" enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the part of ments, and ' the Devisees in the will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton, in Paiice*- 7

the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and ’

Coheireiles of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire ' -

and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in

making a Partition, by and with the content and appro-bation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ;■/

Bill, and found the same to be true and that the parties

concerned

43 Geo. III.

22° Junii. , 537

concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 22. At the end of the line, add " other."

1. 23. After " person," insert " or personsand after " Court," insert " of Chancery." 1. 24. Leave out " his or their," and leave out " one."

1. 25, Leave out " or more person or persons," and insert " to the said Court."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

fc-feiof A Petition of George Haugh of the Borough, of Done after, u-.mugh, jn (he YVeft Riding of the County of was presented lUaiL to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for re-Psvingj&c. pealing lb much of an A<5r, passed in the 4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Sokeof £>o«-cester, in the County of York, and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein; and setting forth. That the said Bill contains divers powers and provisions highly injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, counsel, agents, or witr.elses, against such parts of the said Bill as may prejudice him or his Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, counsel, agents, or witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Prtilioo of htotnncn of

ih* Fishing

'paoys

Bill

A Petition of the Fishermen of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Successors, by the name of " The Fifiling Company," for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of Vessels solely employed in supplying the Metropolis with Fifii, and, should the said Bill pass into a Law, they will be most materially injured: And therefore praying the House to protect them from the ruin they would inevitably experience, unless it should be enacted that the proposed Fishing Company should not interfere with the old Establishment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

fiwourof11 ^et'tlon several Inhabitants of Gravesend, in the B4r 1)1 County of Kent, and its Neighbourhood, and Owners of Boats and Vessels employed in the Fishing trade, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and pray ing that the fame may pass into a Law. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

S«vemtlt ^r‘ -Alexander, according to Order, reported from the HSported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between Vot. 58.

London Bridge and the Tower of London, was committed* the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making, and keeping in repair, Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the manner in which the United Com-" pany of Merchants of England, trading to the East " Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular " Service;" to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Townships of IVetwang and Fimber, in the Parish of Wetwang, in the East Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Lealesof certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon -, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages construded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

6 X

And

Scotch Roads and Bridges Bill* deferred.

Irish Militia Transfer Bilij reported.

The Lords have agreed

Bill respectin; East India Company’s Ships.

'I.

Bill for tran; fcrringSeame: from the Mi-! Etia to the i Navy. j

Wetwang, &: Inclosure i>ilj

The Lords ‘ have passed j1

Harrow School Eftafc Bill.

Bill read.

AssessedTax Bill, re-commit tc

B

1

Considered.

Reported,

II

j

tflitia Suh.il-Oncers 'ill!, pdltd.

i'll for raising ijn additional •I iH tar)’ Force, resented.

■nmmittee n Personal i roperty, &c. fluty JBiJl.

eported.

c*nort of dditional -»iiWns Bill, l*cr conned.

538

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, that the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidet further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report' in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, while disembodied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A. 1803.

tation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great Britain, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, " passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Mcdi-" cines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and " for making effectual provision for the better Collection " of the said Duties," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

22° Ju.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited; a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Personal Property, and from Professions and Trades therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration uponTuefday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the dav, for taking further consideration the Report from' the Commute ‘ C . |°U^e’ to w.hom the Bill for granting to j^ ) a ditional Duties on the Importation and Ex]

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties of Excile payable in Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself

into

Bill tn amend Medicine Duty Act, reported.

Scotch Militia Families Bill, reported.

Fxclfc Confo lidation Bill, reported#

Bill for confo. lidatin?' Provisions respecting Affelled Taxes, re-committed.

C':>

\fo

d«

:)?>•

fv

t'

Ai-

.V.N

43 Geo. III.

’—23° Junii.

53 9

ggSdotd*

£cportc4*

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto •, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and -he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

A&ut Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, accord-Eici'eDuties ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Refihid, That this Hctufe will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Siil,

primed.

I-fh Indent Bill, pied.

Ach relating

it AlfdTtd Tries, to be wmdered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, to indemnify Persons who have omitted to cjualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the several Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive'th® lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have have to fit again.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been Prese.nted to this House in this Session of Parliament, Sprinted, relative to the Distilleries in Great Britain and Ireland, be printed for the Members of the House.

Committee of and Sticuu,

«:rrei

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Vol. 5I.

The other Order of the day being read j

The ingrossed Bill for continuing, for a time to be limited; Com Reguk-an Act, passed in the*42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the p " fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred " and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour,

" may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from " Ireland to Great Britain;" and allb an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of " February one thousand eight hundred and three, the " Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported " from Gr eat Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain and also, an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to , and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from t Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 23* die Junii;

Anno 43* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A BILL for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish Beverftone of Beverstone, in the County of was read a inciofure Bill*

second time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker's I

Chamber.

J

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Wroxton Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of Wroxton and Ba/scot, in the Parish of pre ente ‘ Wroxton, in the County of Oxford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Amendments1 Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, indofureBil^ Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of BraJJingagreed to. otherwise BraJJbn, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, j

called Braffington, otherwise BraJJbn Common, in the Parish

of Bradbourne, in the County of Derby. \

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.34.)Leave out " Commons and Waste & 35.) " Grounds."

Pr. 23. 1. 14. After " BraJJon,"insert "and

Pr. 24. 1. 8. Leave out from " said," to " be," in 1. 1 x. and insert " Commissioners."

1. 14. Leave out " Jonas Bettifon," and insert " Commissioners."

1. 22. Leave out " Jonas Bettifon and the 23.) " said Robert and insert

" Commissioners." l.ult. Le ave out from " accordingly," to " And," in Press 26. line 28.

Pr. 42. I.34. Leave out " always," and insert "also."

The said Amendments being severallyread a second time, were, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

540

23° J,

unu.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the and maintaining the said Navigation, was read the third Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to time.

the Amendments made by their Lordships. , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Micolu Sir Gilbert Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further sum

ncioiu.c Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for alter

sfl

f.n

.•Mi

Oj)en Arabic Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Saint

Mary-le-Wigford, Saint Martin and Saint in the

City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint

Margaret as lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City as a Common Failure, for the purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their con fen t to the Bill, to

ing and amending an Act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Borland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. John Claudius Beresford, reported from the Com- i mittee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of in a'portcdfal< '

the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for pro- '"1

moting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its Fort and Har- a

bour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Li fey, in the City of Dublin;

.. 3

■rJL

Vs

l

Wild more Yen, Sec.

B it*kieje Bill,

passed.*

Committee (except the Proprietor of fused to lign the Bill; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 1,639 acres; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thaceunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called WildmoreFen, and the Weft and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called ‘Wildmore Fen, and the Well and East Fens in the County of Lincoln, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the satisfaction of the anc* also, for empowering the Corporation for preserving . )f 16 acres, who re- an<^ improving the Port of to bi.ild and repair

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Poor-housesi'^ re lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an " Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of His «* present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor, fofaras relates to the payment of the Debts " incurred for building any Poor-house," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

■ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Bridges over the said River, within certain limits, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, of the 9th day of May last, -ft

directing notices to be published three times in one of the newspapers usually circulated in the City of Dublin, and affixing the said notices for (even days on the door of the Sessions-house of the said City, had been complied with; •

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-nrittee had gone through the Bili, and made several Amend- ■

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; v..:

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mcllijhpresented to the House, according to Order, Scarthoand . a Bill for repairing, altering, and widening, the Road from Koa^Biit a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of to Hollow- preieuted. 1

gate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

O) \lered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- RivenfWr.e ther consideration the Report, which was made from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ravenjbonie, at or near its mouth or outlet into

the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making;

and maintaining proper approaches thereto, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill; ...ft

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

Woollen Manure-turej-s bill, deterred.

pr.rfet and Soir.fl'kt C ini'.l Bill, paned.

The Order of the day being read for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprie-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee c resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty anjBin'. S Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the find Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton repoi ted from the Committee, That

tors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a they had gone through the Bill, and made several Arnend-further sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, and for altering and amending an Act, pass-d in the 36th when the House will please to receive the same, year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

13 Ordered,

43 Geo. HI,

jr&pdd Ordered., That leave b<t given to bring in a Bill for aug-

;'!r«,jic. menting the number of Field Officers, and other Officers j^mdered* ja^ within Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steeie, and Mr. Hiley do prepare) and

bring in, the fame.*

23° Juntn

541

jcoont of

-i India

-r>*

Jffetiix,

(No. jo.)

Visitll Field kc.

iciitti

ft! for 3 i r.i; jtft ncnal V.tiry

•ffi'Cf,

Cjjunitted.

Centered.

sperted.

The House being informed that Mr. from the

Directors of the East India Company) attended at the door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the S!iipj)ing employed by the East India Company, specifying the names, tonnage, and number of feet water each class of Ships draws when fully laden, as far as the lame can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew; and thcTitle was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table1.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the Home.

The laid Account is inlcrted in the Appendix to this

volume.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for augmenting the number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, within And the lame was received; and read the tirfl time.

Reftdved, That the Bill be read a iecond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a fecund time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Iecond reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to raile and affiemble an additional Military Force for tl:c better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the W ar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resuma] the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and ire read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-Ctieration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed lor the Members of the House.

p* Lords "^rtedto

"‘'forraSilup W. by 6 Cities.

‘■•--Bill,

C1' h»M

’!j ot

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and w'idening the Roads from Haleworth in the Parish ol Davidfow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East end ol Wadebridge, and from the Weft end of IVadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County; without any Amendment: Andalfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Renfrew for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley Roads Kl11-Bridge, in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to A illy Mitn, rn the same County; without any Amendment 1 And alibi

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments; made by Amendments this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Craigcr.cate, and others, commonly called The Blair Adam Estate, and also the Lands bf Dif chandxdor Dickendad, and others, lying in the Counties of Kinross and Fife, to and in favour of William Adam, of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the fame series of Heirs in Fte-tail, and under tire fame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn of Woodfoun, deceased, of his real Estates, and in adif of the fame date, of his personal liffiate; and for veiling ift . the aforesaid William Adam, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fcofimple, the Lands ol Hall, ll'oo

hilh, anti others, lying in the County of Kincardine; and also the balance or lelidueof the personal Ellate of the said Alexander Littlejohn: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lo^j naturalizing RIatth.ec vTinne; to which the Lords desire the have Pa<icd concurrence of this House.

y

>o:

j

V,1?

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tinnc’t Nat. Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on

_ _ . ... J / - - A jQ-e raUf.n rr

Acts relating to AiTclIed Taxes.

A Meffiage from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

fopharn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the lum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to lerve in His Majesty’s Ships of \\x c and on board Merchant Ships, ^d other trading Ships and Ycliels, during the present Hostilities; without any Amendment: Ami also,

1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in lire thirty-third year of the reign of Vol. 58.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Custwui several Acts of Parliament, for the better collection and R^jtioa, lecurityof His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise Bdi. -in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations lor the like purposes*

Mr. Speaker lclt the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committees Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report ReP01t which was. made from the Committee, to whom the several T;mnfngS th* Petitions, which have been presented to this House in this Trade in Session of Parliament, respecting the Tanning Trade in Irel:ind; Ireland, were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Isle. Alexander reported from tire Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Tb*

23°—24° jiinii. A. 1803.

Inih Mil.tu The lngrofficu Bill for transferring to the Iloval Navy such

1 ntnsfcr Bill, c ° r.

p.uial, Seamen as are now terving in the Militia oi Ireland, was,

according to Order, read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he,

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as

are now serving in the Militia of Ireland.

Ordered, That i\lr. A do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

RpjV'rt Ways and Means, jehrive to Ireland.

Duty on Wine.

D*

D*.

D>.

Duty on Spirits.

T)n on Beer, &c.

Inflrudion.

Additional Customs Duties Bill, tidrred.

Bill to amend Medicine Duty Ad,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions wifich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excise of Four Pounds Ten Shillings, Irish currency, be charged on every Tun of all Madeira Wine, which shall on the 19th day of this instant June be in His Majesty’s (lores, or in the (lores or warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer of Wine in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That* towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excise of Four Pounds Ten Shillings, Irish currency, be charged on every Tun of all Portugal, Sptinish, and Canary Wine, and all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Naples and Sicily, which shall on the 19th day of this instant June be in His Majesty’s (lores, or in the (lores or warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer of Wine in Ireland.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excise of Three Pounds Ten Shillings, Irish currency, be charged on every Tun of Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, which shall on the 19th day of this instant June be in His Majesty’s (lores, or in the (lores or warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer ot Wine in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Excise of Three Pounds Five Shillings, Irijli currency, be charged on every Tun of all other Wines, which shall on the 19th day of this instant June be in His Majesty’s (lores, or in the (lores or warehouses of any Dealer in or Retailer of Wine In Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thaty towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an act-* ditional countervailing Duty of Ten Pence and One-twelfth part of a Penny, Irish currency, be charged on every Gallon of Spirits distilled and made in Great Britain, and which shall be imported into Ireland.

ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted, to His Majesty, an additional countervailing Duty ot Nine Pence Three Farthings* Irish currency, be charged on every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons, of Beer and Ale made in Great Britain, and which shall be imported into Ireland\

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question Ieverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Iostruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to such of the Resolutions as, upon Tuesday last, were reported trom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 42d year of the reign or His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of c< the reign of His present Majesty. for granting Stamp " Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other " Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual provi-" fion for the better collection of the said Duties,’1 was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of I !is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-filth year of the " reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties " on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in " lieu thereof; and for making effectual provision for the " better collection of the said Duties."

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Excise of the ingrossed Bill, to repeal the Duties of Excise payable ^ddtTivi? in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, pu^sV'ii, was read a second time. commuted.

RJolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-< self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock*

Veneris, 2-1° Junii;

Anno 430 Georgii III"* Regis, x So3. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarm Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal AtTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Ailent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned •, and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of , His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke oi Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke ot Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afl'ent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Ahanley, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities:

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the Bluing of certain Exchequer Bills:

An

Rovsl A (Test to BiJls*

• hr

-ft

.• 1

‘AC

43 Geo. IH. 24° Ju. 343

An Act for transferring to the Royhl Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain:

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom, during the present Hostilities tfith France:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating-the manner in which the United " Company of Merchants of ,trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Strips for their regular

Service;" to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six:

An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parrs, with respect fS the number of such Passengers:

An Act for the furtherprevention of malicious Shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire-arms, tlabbing, cutting, wounding,- poisoning, and the malicious using of means to procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious letting fire to Buildings; and ailb for repealing a certain Act, made :n England in the twenty-first year of the late King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " the destroying and murthering of Ballard Children and also, an Act, made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, "An Act to prevent " the destroying and murthcring of Ballard Children," and for making other provisiona in lieu thereof:

An Act for the better supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and onboard Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities:

An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England:

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance:

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weeden Beck, in the County of Northampton,

forerefting Buildings thereon, for the service of His Majesty’s Ordnance:.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of in the County of Devon:

An Act for the furtherlmprovement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first year of His present Majesty, for building a Pier at S/teerness, in (he Isle of Sheppv, in the County of Kent, and for ether purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Sand, or other Materials, from the Sea Beach, belonging to William A If on Lord of the Manor of Mitfer, in the said Ifie without

paying any thing for the fame:

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving, the Town of Bradford, and part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances therein:

An Act for remedying certain defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England:

An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at in the County of Si/J'ex:

An Act for amending, widening., improving, and keep-lnS in repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper end of Town,

in the Parish of Harzvell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streat ley, in the said County:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of H is present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Ch eller to the Woodside Ferry, in the County of Cfiler, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth-and twenty-ninth years of the reign of His. present Majesty, for repairing certain Vox, 5S.-

Roads from the end of the County of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, so far as the said Acts relate to the First Didrift of Roads:

An Act for further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from in the

Parish of Da-vidfozv, in the County of Cornwall, to the

East end of V/adebridge, and from the Weft end of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County:

An Act for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge, in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to Ailly Miln, in the same County:

An Act for vesting the Manor atnd Estate of upon-lVreke, in the County of Leicester (part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers)in a Trustee, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase-money in discharge of an In* cumbrance auecling the whole of the said settled Estates:

An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a power in a settlement, made by the Right honourable Charles late Lord Southampton, deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New Rh :cr, and for other purposes:

An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right honourable William Viscount Lowther, and the respective Dcvilees, under the wills of Sir William,

Baronet, and the Right honourable James late Earl of Lonflale:

An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the Purchase*monies in paying off incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the expences of improvements already made, and also in reimbursing to him the expences of future improvements, when the amount shall have been ascertained, under the direction of the said Court, and for laying out the residue of the Purchaso-monies, under the direction of that Court, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses:

An Act for vesting detached parts of the Estates devised by the will of Miilrefs Melior Mary Wefon in Trustees, upon trull, to sell the same, and to lay out a competent part of the Money anting by such Sale in the discharge of certain Incumbrances, and the residue in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like uses:

An Act for lettling and securing the Lands of Craigencate, and others, commonly called The Blair Adam and also,

the Lands of Dischandador Dickcndad, and others, lying in the Counties of Kinross and Fife, to and in favour of William Adam, of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the fame series of Heirs in Fee-tail, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by* Alexander Littlejohn of Woodfoun, deceased, of his real Estates, and in a disposition of the fame date, of his per-l'onal Estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William Adam, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee-simple, the Lands of Hall, Woodfoun, Hillend, Fifand*others, lying in the County of Kincardine-, and also, the balance or residue of the personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Allerton Byzvater, in the Parish of Kippa», in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Potter in

the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Penrith, Eden- , hall, Salkeld, otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Hejhett, Wet her al, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of Middlef* ceugh, and Braitlnvaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlife, and the Townships of Raughion and Gaitfgill, and Ivegill, in the Parish o f Da/f on, in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships o

544

24° Junii.

':*A:.. 1803.

Ireton, in the Parish of Kirk Irdon, and of Callozv, in the Parish of (Virkfwortlr, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Pal itioe of Chester: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Downs, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township, or ’Didrift, of Kihrdston, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lam* mas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ixzvorih, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths* Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thurson, in the same County:

An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows* Failures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kinwarion, in the County of Warwick, and for making compensation to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Ty thes thereof:

- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saleby with Thoref-thorpe, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in several ty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Meadow, Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Parish of West Hanney, in the County of Berks:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lancia?, ill

O O

the County of Sujex:

An Act for amending an Act', passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Adfordi-" viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common " Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable " Lands, within the Township of , and Parish of

" Romaldkirk, in the North Hiding of the County of York,

and for making compensation for the Tythes, and all Payments in lieu of Tythes, within the Laid Township of Mickleton:

An Act for inclosing I anels in the Hamlets of ton and Walton, in the Parish of and County of

Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Failures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter Brampton, in the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of in the

Parish of Willerby, in the Ealt Kicking of the County of

York:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Town-ships of Welwang and Fimber, in the Parish of W’twang, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Balfar Boehler.

Alderbury An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, I^rcdlire Bl"’ cer*a’n Open Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste paU * Grounds, within the Parish of Alderbury, in the County of Wilts, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the L’arish of Alderbury, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bedford P.iving, See. ISj 11, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Guildhall, altering and improving the Market-places within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and making proper avenues thereto; for paving, repairing, deaniing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving, the 1 lighwuvs, Streets, Squares, and other public passages and places, within the said Town of Bedford, and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and olMtructions therein; and to: idmilding the

Bridge over the Rlvcr*0//if, in the -laid Town of Bedford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the Burmby-Rill for dividing, allotting, and inciohng, the several Open Vpo;VDun^,

A 11 1- 1 . '£\ . I r J Inclosure Bill,

Arable hields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, Commons, ana reported, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Barm by- ^commuted* upon-Ditnn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committee*; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to*

Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations oi the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill* to the satisfaction of the Committee- (except the Owners of Estates aiilffed to the Land Tax at £. 5. 3s. 11 J. who refuted to iign the Bill); and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is aliened to the Land Tax at £.66. 17 s. o id. and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed.

Resolved, TYraX the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the lame was committed.

Mr. Hazvkins Browne reported from the Committee, to Ravenriorne whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ra~ lindge

0 . & . committed

venjuorne, at or near its mouth or outlet into the ltiver Bill, reported.

!Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to whom Kingston anrf the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from reported/ the Town of Kingston upon •Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place called SheetbriJge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Common petition of Rights in the Parish of IVorp/efdou, in the County of Surrey, p/p/lttcr6’ was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the woipV--rac>« Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Worp/efdon and incioiure u*• Wanborozv, and in the Manor of Wanborozv, in the Parishes of Ash and Puttenham, in the County of Surrey; and letting forth, That the said Inclosure would in many respects he injurious to the Proprietors at large; and that a great majority of them, both in number and value, diiient to the said

43 Geo. III. 24° Junii.

545

laid Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ffilttoo

... LavrcBCC

iadofare Bill,

pi

St

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also within so much of the Manor of Hall as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks, was read the third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also in lo much of the Manor of Hall as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Uicflla An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ware Bill, certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in , Saint Peter in Enfl-

pte. Saint Mary-le-Wigford, Saint Marlin, and Saint

Suit hen, in the City of Lin, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret, as lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City as at Common Pasture, for the purposes therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Saint Mary-le-Wigford, Saint Martin, and in

the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, asa Common Pasture, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

it"

AofWcr to

Aildrcflej.

nfnt of Settlings of ^million.

«for Re. Option of Uad Taxf

Wnted,

ISo.,1.)

The Lord Glenbervie reported to the Hmife, That their

Address of the 10th day of this instant June (that Mis Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions, that the Statement therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Statement of the Proceedings of the Lords Commis-missioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming, all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purpose of redeeming their Land Tax, from the 29th of March' 1799 to the 24th of June 1803.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Statement is inserted in the Appendix to this volmne.

The Lord Glenbervie1 presented to the House, according fe Order, a Bill for enlarging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery: And the fame was received; and read «e first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

StofeT , Sir Jofin Buxton, according to Order, reported from "ported, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Vox.. 58.

granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making, and keeping in repair, Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him■ to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for directing the Commissioners to report their proceedings to His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That vacancies of the Commissioners may be filled up by His Majesty.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limitation of Actions.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Sir Robert John Buxton, according to Order, reported from Bill respe£HnE the Committee of the whole Iloufe, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an A.dt, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made " in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor, lo far as relates to the Payment of the Debts in-" curred for building any Poorhouse," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the, third time upon Monday next.

Sir Francis Baring reported from the Committee, to India whom the Bill for the further Improvement of the Port g'j'1 sported, of London, by making Docks and other works at Black-wall, for the accommodation of the East India dripping in the said Port, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Pitcher of Northfleet, in the County of Kent, Shipbuilder, was referred j-That the Committee had , considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the provisions of two Acts, London, &c. paired in the 39th and 40th years, and in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of paired. ’ Horse-hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and S^ins in the flaying

Digged by ,heret,f>

546

24°yrunii.

Jr 1803.

thereof, to the Cities of London and and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles of the Roya Exchange of the said City of London, and to amend the said Acts, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 24. To leave out from " office" to " by," in 1. 29.

1. 29. To leave out * other."

Pr. 21. 1. 21. After " directed," to insert " and shall " be thereof convicted before any " Magistrate."

1. 24. After " forfeit" to insert at the dif-" cretion of such Magistrate."

Pr. 23. 1. 4. After " Act," to insert " or in case of "death of any one or more of such " Inspectors or Arbitrators so appoint-" ed, shall neglect to appoint another " or others in the place of any one or " morq, such Inspector or Arbitrator " so dying."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the provisions of two Acts, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-first years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of Tlorle-hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof to, and to alter and amend the same as to, the Cities of London and Westminster, and BcJrough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

Ordered, That Sir John William AnderJ'on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lords luve agreed to

Election Oaths Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act:, passed in the second year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption " in the election of Members to serve in Parliament j" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

T-r.ort on Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the £'omm*ttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Taxes.0 to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read.

Appendix, The said Resolutions are inserted in the Appendix to (No. 59.) this volume.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions:- And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond,- Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Militia Field Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second officers, &c. reading of the Bill for augmenting the number of Field committed. Officers, and other Officers of Militia, within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

; of the whole House.

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Militia Pay consideration the Report from the Committee of the BilJ> deferred., whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Militia Adju. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, and further continue and amend so re much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out E*chequ»r in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Par- ‘ "llcrtd liament, intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of Five " Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service " of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred " and three."

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for pm Monday last, for taking into further consideration, upon Monday next, the Report from the Committee of the deferral* whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices, therein described, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon personai Wednesday lift, for taking into further consideration, upon I>rope^Ta Tuesday next, the Report from the Committed of the deferred. ’ whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of personai Property, and from Professions and Trades therein mentioned, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House’to Committee* refe itself into a Committee of; the whole House, upon

j the gill.

43 Geo. IIL 24*—27* Jumu 547

the Bill for granting^ to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; to* for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, jnftmaioo« That it be an Instruction to the laid Committee, that ' , J they have power to divide the said Bill into two or more

Bills;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

i’Slli

iQi.

AMmowl Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-frkjWyj ing of the ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty pijy. ’ additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain'Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A8»rrij*a. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 42d sitpetreL?1 year reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

poradiato " Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Du-S^obe " ties on Goods imported into, and exported from, lre-" land," might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, " until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight w hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in ,"might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof so much of the said Acts as relates to the Duties on Saltpetre imported into Ireland.

I- -y

fa] ( ■si-

twite Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-j"fo"d^on ing of the ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to by added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing the Act to be varied, altered, or repealed, during the present Session.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be niade part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 72. 1. 8. To leave out from the beginning of the ’ . line to the end of the Schedule.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the BilL to the f'QJ'ds, and desire their concurrence.

K

■it.-'

" l^the Mu Alexander, according to Order, reported from the c Hi* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, re-lpefting the Tanning Trade in Ireland, were referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the famo-was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That power be given to the Tanners in Ireland to declare- off one-eighth of their works under the subsisting regulations now in force in Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Instruction-i the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further regulations for the like purposes, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Irifc Custom resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^uhuon consider further of the Bill to amend several Acts of Par- Bill, detent liament, for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further regulations for the like purposes;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Litruv, 27* die:

v . 1

Anno 430 Georgii III'" Regis, 1803.

Prayers. ’

A BILL for repairing, altering, and widening, the Road Scartlioand from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scar- Bill, tho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the committed.

County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker,

Mr. Sibthorp, &c.t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the sir Edward ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veil- Mate Bill, ing certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the reported, an County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, part of the settled Estates ot Sir Edward Hales, Baronet, in Trustees, in trust, to fell, under the directions of the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the money arising thereby in discharge of certain Incumbrances aff’efting the said settled Estates, and in reducing and repairing the Mansion-house called Hales Place, being part of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate surplus of the Monies produced by such lale in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the remaining part of the said settled Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords;

-and- acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mirckburri living, &c. Bill,

t poiicd.

I Lit fie OrmiJde Inclosnre Bill, committed.

Bristol Harbour Bill, eported.

■I

Kingilon and

• ht-etbiidge Road BUI,

pallid.

•548 . 27° Jtmii.f- 1803.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of; for dividing, in-

cloling, and disposing, of a parcel of Waste Ground within the Township of Blackburn, called The Town's Moor; and for watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating, the streets 4 and other places within the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Henry of , in

the County of Lancaster, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were orce read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for inclosing Commons within the Township of Little Ormjide, in the County of was read a fe-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Atkins, Sir Michael Le Fleming, he.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol, was committed; and to whom 'the Petition of Sir Richard Gamon, Baronet, and James

Henry Leigh, Esquire, Committees of the Estate of the Mod noble Anna Eliza Duchess of Chandos j and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands lying in or near the City of Bristol-, and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the City of Bristol, whose names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Owners of Ships of the City of Bristol, whose names are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also, another Petition of the Owners of Ships of the City of Bristol, whose names are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also, the Petition of the West India Planters, consigning produce to the Port of Bristol, whose names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of certain Proprietors of the River Avon, from the City of Bath to Hanham Mills, near Bristol, on behalf of themselves and others, interested therein; and also, the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, in support of the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and eighth, of the said Petitions; and had also considered the first, second, and seventh, of the said Petitions; and had also heard counsel, and examined witnesses, in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to oe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they nad directed him to report to the House, together with a Jift of the names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; ana he read the Report in his place; and alterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place called Sheetbridg near in the County of Southampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey, to

a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Sopthamtton.

Ordered, That General Nortoh 'do'carfy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. ' 'r:

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act for Tinned naturalizing Matthew Tinne, was read the first time. Nat. Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. rea ’

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for BouriiHon* naturalizing LouisBourit/ion, was read a second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William °°m,r'ltte<i* Geary, Mr. Honywood, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five1 of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Foote’s Di-distolve the marriage of Edward James Foote, Esquire, with ▼orce Bill,' Nina Herries, his now wife, and to enable him to marry committed<

again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read a second time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-night, the ;th day of July next, resolvs itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill, if the parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel, or produce witnesses.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Scotch Roads ing of the ingrafted Bill, for granting to His Majesty the Bridges Bill, sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied raffed, towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their estates with a proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 13. To leave out from " Sum " to " than," in 1. 14.

Pr. 22. 1. 30. To leave out from " Estate " to " And" in Pr. 23. 1. 11.

Pr. 23. 1. 22. To leave out " any such" and inlert " an" instead thereof.

1. 23. To leave out from t he beginning of the line to " to" in 1. 27. and iniert " near to any such Road" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments w’ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their estates with a proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy of a Memorial, with the accompanying papers, that were relating to presented by the Honourable Captain Cochrane, to the Prize ^aufM* Lords Commissioners. of the Admiralty, upon the 17th or ere ' of January 1799, relative to Prize and Prize Appeal causes.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill respectinj ing of the ingrafted Bill, to explain and amend an Act, Po"*oust*» made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the " reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and -" Employment of the Poor, so far. as relates to the Pay-

43 Geo. III. 27 °Jnn549

Bi:(

r-fi

■Gft. f B:!!,

■Chiu

urX

" ment of the Debts incurred for building any Poorhouse," the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he be now read. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The said Bill was read the third time. That the said Bill be read the third time To-

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to morrow.

the Bill} viz.

Pr. 4.1. 11. Leave out " or altered."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an " Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of " the Poor, lb far as relates to the Payment of the Debts " incurred for building any Poorhouse."

Ordered, That Mr. Dundasof do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

HnLorfj A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

kntjpttdto Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

jfltowmd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dtUtsit- amenc]) and render more effectual, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Mom, with residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England} with some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

laof The House being informed that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the pmcited. door} he was called in } and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Return of the number of Freeholders registered by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Sligo.

And then he withdrew} and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. tffniix, The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix' to this P'°'55') volume.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Betiyon ot unto subscribed, being Trustees of the Cloth Halls at cim^HaHs at Leeds, in the County of York, and Manufacturers of Woollen Leeds, again* Cloths, in the West Riding of the said County, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and Bill, read} taking notice of the Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture: And praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit}

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " time," to the end of the Question.

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question } it passed in the

Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put}

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the third time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Inftniaion who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, £[nddTai' pursuant to the last of the Resolutions which, upon Friday Scotland last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and were then agreed to by the House, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for better assessing, levying, and collecting, the Land Tax in , granted

by an Act made in the 38 th year of the reign of His present Majesty.

Pwmiingj Mr. Speaker informed the House, That he had this day itS"1 rece'Vt‘d a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the PttkiM. Commissioners in Ireland, appointed to examine certain matters referred to them by the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for the City of Waterford:

i And that, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the trial of controverted elections in Ireland, he had by warrant, to be inserted in the next London Gazette, directed the said Select Committee to re-assemble and meet again upon Thursday, the 7th day of July next, at Eleven of the clock in the Morning.

wfaiT Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-Bill, ing of the Bill for enlarging the limits of the Southern ‘"omitted. Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House ^"Officer, re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

C' 4 t le Bill for augmenting the number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, within Great Britain, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

, Mf- -Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill ■, and had directed him to report Voi. 58.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord- Scotch ing to Order, a Bill for consolidating certain of the provi- faxes'1 fions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties ConWidation under the management of the Commissioners for the Af- Bil,» fairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the Presented* fame relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the fame was received } and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, pv concerned in the Trade between Great Britain and the East wet Dockj Indies and China, being offered to be presented to the Bill, House}

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read} taking notice of the Bill for the further improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at Black-wall, for the accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port} and setting forth. That applications have -been made to the Petitioners for the introduction of Clauses for making compensation to parties who may be injured by the said intended works, similar to the compensations directed to be made in the Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for rendering more commodious, and better regulating, the Port of London, and also in the Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of His present. Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security , of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of * London; and that the said applications for indemnification and compensation for injury or damage to be done to Ship-B uilders and others by the operation of the said Bill, in

550

27*

Report Ways and Means.

Lotteries#

D°.

/unA. ISO:].

case the same shall be passed into a Law, being founded, as That the him of Seven hundred thousand Pounds shall the Petitioners conceive, on the fame principles as those be distributed into Prizes, for the benefit of the Proprietors which obtained provision for compensation for injury or of the fortunate Tickets in the said respective Lotteries, damage which Individuals might sustain by the operation whereof Four hundred and Sixty-six thousand Six hundred of those Acts, the Petitioners submil to the House, that it and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence is reasonable a similar provision should be made in the said shall be contributed by Great Britain, and Two hundred Bill, for indemnifying and compensating for injury or da- Thirty-three thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds mage to be occasioned in like manner by executing the Six Shillings and Eight Pence by Ireland, which Prizes works thereby authorized to be made: And therefore shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this praying. That provision may be made in the said Bill for the Session of Parliament for Britain and Ireland for the

J;]

Scotch Militia Families Bill, deterred.

purposes aforesaid

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

service of the year 1803, and be paid at the Bank of England in money to such Proprietors upon demand, within Two Months after the conclusion of the drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or as soon as certificates can be made out, without any deduction whatsoever; and that all the monies And it is referred to Sir Francis Baring, Mr. Calcraft, to be received by the said Chief Cashier shall be paid into &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied from

...... ' have Power time to time to such Services, for and

as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said sum of One million and Fifty-two thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence.shall be allowed an interest, by way of discount, after the rate of Five Pounds per centum per annum on the sums so completing his or her contribution on each of the said Lotteries, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 23d day of August 1803, or the 15th day of December 1803, or the 17th day of April 1804, respectively, as the case may be.

The said llesolutions being severally read asecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Lord George Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tar l, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of One million and Fifty-two thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence be raised by three Lotteries, whereof Seven hundred and One thousand Five hundred and Fifty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny shall be for the Service of Great Britain, and Three hundrd and Fifty thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence for the Service of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Lotteries shall, in the whole, consist of Eighty thousand Tickets; at Thirteen Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny each; and that the Contributors towards the fame shall, on or before the 24th day of this instant June, make a deposit with the Chief Calliier of the Bank of England of One Pound and Ten Shillings, in respect of the monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a security for making the future payments to the said Cashieron or before the times herein after limited; that is to say:

On the first of the said Lotteries;

£.3. 13 s,id. on or before the 12th day of July 1803.

4 o o on or before the 2d day of August then

next following.

4 o o on or before the 23d day of August then

next following.

On the second of the said Lotteries:

£. 3. ij s. 1 d. on or before the 4th day of October 1803.

40 o on or before the 3d day of November then next following.

4 o o on or before the 15 th day of December

then next following.

And on the third of the said Lotteries:

£.3. 13 s. id. on or before the 1 ft day of February 1804.

4 o o on or before the 8th day of March then

next following.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

.And the House being informed that Teveral other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole Iloule.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refblve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean lnftruiftion to the hid Committee, That they have power to divide the said Bill into two Bills, if they think (it.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had, pursuant to the power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into two Bills; and that the Committee had gone through one of the said Bills, to enable I I;s Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the tVar; and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the dune.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Com-

Bill for nisi.r an nklitlonji 1 Military Force, re committo -

'--.i

Instruction turn the I>il into Two,

Considered.

BUI for null

on or before"the °i 7th day of April then r mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made

' *■- - 1 ,-"1 l:— in Ennliini

reported.

next following.

And that the Tickets, as soon as the fame can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors, on completing their payments for each of the said Lotteries.

3

to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And

>y G00gl<

43 Geo.. III. 27°—28° funiu 551

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve

of the clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con-^deration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Stanley also reported from the said Committee, That they had made a progress in the other of the said Bills, to spiraling enabie His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, MiiiwyFOTce in Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better De-ii Scotland. fence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

of Parliament, as relates to the Duties oh Saltpetre imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And notice being taken. That Forty Members wefe not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker; without a Question first put, till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Martis, 28° die Junii;.

- Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803. Prayers.

supply.

tatd.

lords

Amendments

to Bill respecting Spiritual Persons, to be coalidered.

Additional Excise Duties Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this 1 louse will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectua!, the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the llefidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland culled , be taken into

consideration this day.

MR. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the Barmby-Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, Commons, committed and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of BlJ1» rePorte Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iri-grofled.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom Bourillion’s Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ...... ' Lom Bmrilllm, was-----tc.. l.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grant ing to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one;

naturalizing Louis Bourillion, was committed; That the passed. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the the fame, without any Amendment.

House; and several Amendments were made, by the House,

Committee on Irlh

Workmens

Combination

Bill

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this da)’.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge over the River R.ivenfbome Ravensborne, at or near its mouth or outlet into the River Bru^lU‘ Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and main- P * taining proper approaches thereto, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be?

An Act for building a Bridge over the River,

at or near its mouth or outlet into the lliver Thames, in

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the County of and for making and maintaining proper unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journey-, approaches thereto.

men, and Labourers, in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, Tamar whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Mor-

to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable eanal Bi,f

vi_ i. , , . c . ~ rp, '; Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near A/or- repotKd‘

lad Li i r hT* >•'1,fr0"? the Conmntee, That they whMa, to the Town of and also a certain

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments rnuateraI r,i- to lead from th* La r,nni vr.v;

Account of *!u«v issued for Du:

in

•fttered.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received, this day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Money has been ifl’ued by the Treasurer of

collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Bridge, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined-the Allegations of the Bii!»and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of, the Committee; and that the Committee had gone

on

52*""

His Majesty’, Navy, in nurfuance of an Act, passed in the through the Biand imde several Amendments thereunto,

36th year of the iign of His present Majesty, intituled, wh'.ch they had d.reaed him to report to the House , to.

" An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward g'!he,r ,"'th * ’f. of names of !he, P2rlo"s "ho ">?«

" of Persons making certain Dikovefies for finding the ^'nKd *° ‘ff " Bdl* " "TTt y , Stan, dlnS " longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoferie, Order, of ' H°u,('i and be ’aad‘he Repotrt in his place;

" and Improvements in Navigatfon, and for making Ex- and ffPT /-a'IT "JB% Vl " periments relatin- thereto " & and also '*>' laid lift, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the

* Report was read.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to °rJ *>That ,he said RePort do lie "P°n *=Table-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Thc House being informed that Mr. Forfier, from the Ex- Acco mt. consider of so much of two Acts, made in the 42d yeap chequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at •Ex^iue of the reign of His present Majesty, and in this Session the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, printed.

»ot. 58. . Vjn An

Appendix, 'No. J2.)

’ttitian of Jr. Cooper, re. against Seam Heath nclofurt Bill,

'he Lords ave agreed to

Lunatics Hates Bill.

ill respecting Writers to the gnet in :otland.

iverfliam oads Bill.

lafgow and eel burn Bridge oads Bill.

mendmenta Agar's (late Bill..

rtition of [r. Du Hois m American ay a lilt) ported.

552

28° JaniL

A. 1803.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in purl'uance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the " sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand " eight hundred and three."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Petition of James Cooper and ‘Thomas , on behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitant Householders of the Township of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of

was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing and improving a certain tract of Common or Waste Land called Beam , in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nan, in the County Palatine of Chester; and setting forth. That, should the fame pals into a Law, the rights and interests of the Petitioners will be most materially affected: And therefore praying. That they mtty be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the fame passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatic, by inquisition, in England or Ireland, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the lame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty’s Signet in Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the high Poll Road, near the Town of Faverjliam, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Holy Lane, in Wine heap, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from to Redburn

Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the part of the De-vifees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton, in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and Co-heiresses of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested, in making a partition, by and with the consent and approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Isaac Du Bois, Esquire, late a Captain in His Majesty’s reduced regiment of Northumberland Fen-cible-men, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

M:Gwire of Wimpole-street, Cav Esquire, for-

merly Advocate General, Attorney General, and Member of Council for the Province of North Carolina, being examined, said, That he has known the Petitioner more than 30 years, and knew his Father, John Du Bois, several years before his death, who lived in the Town of Wilmington, in North Carolina, was an active Magistrate of the Province, and reputed to be one of the richest merchants there; that in the year 1776, alter the death of the Petitioner’s father, Mrs. Du Bois, his widow, with, the Petitioner and two other of her children, were banished from Wilmington into the Back Country, and in their way thither Hopped at the Witness’s house; that tire property of Mr. John Du Bois, in his lifetime, and of his family after his death, was very considerable, and confided of a bakehouse, which was the only one in that part of the country, a mill, a number of valuable houses in the Town of Wilmington, a great number of valuable boat Negroes, and Tradesmen, and lighters, the whole of which property was confiscated and destroyed, as the Witness understands and believes, whilst the family were in banishment, by the then American Government, for their loyalty to the nation.

Alexander Fothmngham, Esquire, late a Captain in His Majesty’s Fencible Regiment of Hants Cavalry, now of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, and formerly of North Carolina, being examined, said. That he has known the Petitioner more than 30 years; that he knew the Petitioner, his Mother and Sifters, when they lived at Wilmington, before the commencement of the American war, from whence they were all banished into the interior in the year 1776, by the then American Government, as the Witness understands, for their known loyalty and attachment to the British Government, and were not permitted to return until the year 1779; that the Witness saw the Petitioner and his family frequently during the 3 years of their banishment, in which time they were supported wholly by the bounty of their friends; that, before their banishment, the family possessed a very considerable freehold property, consisting of dwelling-houses, warehouses, and wharfs, and a baking-house for l'upplying shipping and the West India market with biscuits, which was in itself a very valuable property, from its being the only one in that part of the country; and that they had also a large personal property, consisting of Negroes belonging to lighters, Negro Tradel-men, and lighters and merchandize; that when the family returned to Wilmington in 1779, all their property had been either destroyed or confiscated by the then American Government, whilst they were in banishment; that the computation then made of the Losses of the family exceeded £.30,000 sterling; that before the property was destroyed and confiscated, the income arising from it amounted to more than £• 4,coo sterling per annum.—And the Witness further said. That he has carefully looked over the paper annexed, entitled, " Schedule and computed value of the Real and " Personal Estate, held in trust by Jane Du Bois, for her " son Isaac Du Bois, and three other children, at the time " of their banishment from Wilmington into the interior " of North Carolina, in the year 1776 ;" the total whereof amounts to the sum of £.29,756. 15 and thinks that it is correct both in specification and value; that the Witness has also carefully looked over the other Paper annexed, entitled, " Schedule and computed Value of " the Real and Personal Estate of Isaac Du Bois, F.squire * (the Petitioner) which was confiscated, destroyed, or " made away with, during the American Resolution, and " for which he claims compensation from the British Government;" the total whereof amounts to £. 11,944. 15J. which he thinks is correct, and the estimation of the value of the property therein specified is rather under than over what it ought to be.

Mr. M‘Gwire also Hated to the Committee, That, from the general reputation of the family’s property, he thinks himself justified in supposing that those Schedules and Estimations are correct.-—Then,

Lieutenant General Sir James Craig, K. B. being examined, said, That his first knowledge of the Petitioner was in January 1781, when he was introduced to him by Lieutenant General (then Lieutenant Colonel) ,

Commandant of Charlestown, under whole orders and di-.

rest ions

Appendix, No. I.

Appendix, No. 2. '

28° Juniu

43 Geo. III.

regions he was on the point of failing with a detachment of His M;.jeily’s Troops for the Fear River, for the purpose i f furming a poll there, with the view to open a communication with the army of Lord Cornwallis Lieutenant General Balfour introduced the Petitioner as a young Gentleman of undoubted loyalty, and who, from the urcurmtance of his family residing in the part of the country to which lie was going, and from his own knowledge of it, might be of great ule to him; that the Petitioner accordingly accompanied the detachment under the command of the Witness, and during the whole of his remaining at and about Wilmington^ which was until the month of November following, he received every active assistcince from the Petitioner that could be expected, or that he could require from him, in the course of which be always found him actuated by the wannest principles of loyiiry and affection for His Majesty’s service; that the Witness found the Petitioner’s mother and family resident at Wilmnitton, where they were particularly obnoxious to the prevading party, on account of the known loyalty of their sentiments; and he always understood that they had suffered much in their property on that account; that the Witness having, from the confidence repoled in the Petitioner’s zeal and activity, appointed him to act as Com miliary of Captures, in which employment it was his duty to take charge of, and deliver over for His Majesty’s ule, all cattle and other property, which, belonging to the enemy, were at anytime captured or lcized on, and the Petitioner having returned to Wiimhipon some time after the war, about the year 17S5, the people there made a pretenee of this circumstance to molest and injure him; in consequence of which he wrote to the Witness, then in England, and the Witness remembers receiving his letter, requdn g a certificate from him that he had been cm-ployed by him, and that what he had done had been by his order and directions, which certificate he accordingly lent to him: That the Witness cannot, of his own knowledge, fcy any thing of the particulars of the Petitioner’s loli'es, but he always understood that the family was amongst the most respectable in the Province, and that they were in P'hi’euion of confulerablo property.—And the Witness further laid, That the Petitioner never received any pay or remuneration hum him for his services while acting with the detachmeni under his command.—And,

Lieutenant General Balfour informed the Committee, That he first knew the Petitioner in December 1780, in South Carolina, when he recommended him to Sir James Craig. who was then going on an Expedition to Wilmington, m North Carolina, in which he considered that the Petitioner, being a native of the place, would be able to render his services very useful to the Commander; that the Petitioner came to the Witness as a refugee, being driven from his house; that the Petitioner embarked with Sir James Craig on that expedition, and, as far as the Witness recolicfls, Sir James reported, that he had received considerable afiillance from the Petitioner's information; that the Witness, in conficquence of thinking the Petitioner a deserving Loyalist, recommended him to the Commander in Chief for, and who gave him a Lieutenant’s commission in, the New Turk Volunteers, which the Witness considered as a regiment moll likely to be put

on the Establishment, but which was hot, and the fame was disbanded; that during the whole of the war, the Petitioner acted as a zealous Loyalist:; that he received no pay for his services under Sir James Craig, and that the Witness always considered the Petitioner the son of a respectable family at Wilmington.

That it appeared to the Committee, from a Report made by John Wilmot, Esquire, the surviving Commissioner for American Claims, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of January 1802, That the Petitioner was heard by the Commissioners for American Claims, respecting his Claim, on the 5th of November 1784, being then about 21 years of age; that it appeared he had been an active Loyalist from his earliest youth, and that his Father having died in 1763, he was entitled to property in North Carolina, but it not having been confiscated (probably on account of his minority) the Commissioners considered it as protedled by the Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and,

and therefore thought themi'elves obliged to disallow the Claim for real property, but allowed the Petitioner the sum of £. 50 for the loss of some small articles of personal estate, and which sum he received; that the Petitioner returned to North Carolina in 1785; but that instead of recovering any part of his property, he was ill treated, and thrown into prison.

Niel M-'Niel, of Char lejl own, South Carolina, Owner and Commander of the ftiip 'Two Friends, belonging to Charles-town, being examined, said, That he has known the Petitioner since the year 1785; that the Witness arrived at Wilmington in December 1785, and found the Petitioner was then confined by the American Government, and had been so confined from the month of March preceding, at which time the Petitioner had arrived at Wilmington from England to look after his property, and had been then immediately arrested; that about three or four weeks after the Witness first saw the Petitioner, he attended the Petitioner’s trial before the Judges of the State at Wilmington, and a Special Jury, for his having been a Traitor to his Country, and taking an active part for Great Britain during the war, when the Jury found him guilty of those charges, and the Judges sentenced him to perpetual Banishment from the State of North Carolina, and ordered him to leave it in 48 hours, and to be kept in close confinement until the order was complied with; but a Petition being presented to the Governor of the State by the Petitioner, the time for his leaving it was extended to six weeks; the sentence is still in force; that in the course of the trial the Petitioner, by his counsel, claimed the indulgence allowed by the British Treaty, of 12 months to settle his affairs, but the Court refused to allow the Claim, infilling the Petitioner had forfeited all right to it by his conduct and activity in the British cause.

Mr. MrGwire being again examined, said. That he remembers the Petitioner making repeated applications to the British Government for a compensation for his Losses.

And it also appeared to the Committee, from the Report of Mr. Wilmot, already referred to, That a Memorial was presented by the Petitioner to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in the latter end of the year 1801, praying compensation for his losses in America.

Appendix, No. 1.

SCHEDUT.E and Computed Value of the Real and Personal Estate, held in Trust by Jane Du Bois, For her Son Isaac Du Bois. and Three other Children, at the time of their Banishment from Wilmington, into the Interior of North Carolina, in the year 1776.

REAL ESTATE.

Computed Value in Sterling Money.

Family Dwelling-house and Offices, rebuilt in 1774, and cost - -

One Dwelling-house, Store-house, and Offices, in Market-street, which rented at £.154. North Carolina currency, say £-89. 17*. 6d.sterling; value at Ten years purchase -

One - D° - - D°, rented at £.75. North Carolina currency, or £.43. 15*. sterling;

value at Ten years purchase ——

3,000 — 898 15

437 10

Computed Value of Real Property, carried forward -

7 ®

4>336 5

d.

Vol. 58.

554

0,8° Ju

A. 1803

REAL ESTAT E—continued.

Computed Value in Sterling Money.

Amount of Real Estate, brought forward Three Dwelling-houses in Dock-street, rented at /. 2x0. North Carolina currency, or /. 120.

sterling; value at Ten years purchase - -

One - D° - - D° - - D°, rented at /. 35. North Carolina currency, or /.20

sterling; value at Ten years purchase -

One - D° - - D° - - D°, rented at/. 17. lOr. currency, or/.jo.

sterling; value at Ten years purchase ——

Two - D° - - D°, First-street, rented at £.116. North Carolin currency, or £.67. 13 s.

sterling; value at Ten years purchase -

One - D° - - D°, Third-street, rented at £.56. North Carolina currency, or Z.32. sterling;

value at Ten years purchase -

An extensive Wharf and two large Warehouses, at the bottom of Dock-street, rented at £.385.

North Carolina currency, or £.220. ikcvUng; value at Ten years purchase -An untinished Windmill, which cost £.700. North Carolina currency, or £-400. sterling, with Ten acres of land, on the banks of the river adjoining the Town of Wilmington; compute the whole value of this property at - -

Six hundred and Forty uncultivated Acres of Land in Bladen County, on the banks of the north-west branch of Cape Fear River, forty miles from; lay for this

Two other VV arehouses, attached to a bakehouse, occupied by the family, which, if rented, would have been at leall £.130. sterling; value at ten years purchase - . -

Computed Value of Real Property -

/• s. d. 4>336 5 —

1.200 — —

200 —- — 100 — — 676 10 — 3-o-----

2.200 —■ —

1,000 — 5°° —

i..500 —

12,032 15

PERSONAL ESTATE.

Four Lighters, with Sixteen Negro Lightermen; each Lighter, with Four Lightermen, when employed, brought in £.3. 4.S. North Carolina currency, or £.\. 17 4 d. irerling per clay;

value of one at £. 1. 17 s. \d.per day, for 313 working days - - - Z.504 5 4

At ^.584. 5.1. 4 each ----- !.7<f2 10 o

2i.-33 7 * 4

Deduct onc-third for time unemployed, and for wear and tear - 779 1 4

Computed net amount, per annum ----- 1,558 o o

Value at Three years purchase -

Average annual profit of an old established Baking Business, for supplying Shipping in the West India market with Biscuit, the only one at that time in that part ot America, £.1,100 ■, compute the value of this at Six years purchase -

T wo Negro Bakers - - - - at/. 125 each

Two D° - Porters and Warehousemen - - - at /. 70 each

Stock of Biscuit and Flour on hand in the warehouses; say for this -

Four Negro House Carpenters, who brought in 7 sterling per day each, when employed;

compute the value of each at /.150 Four D® - Ship Carpenters, who brought in from 7 to 8r. sterling per day, when employed; compute the value of each at Z.150 -

Two D* - Hatmakers, who brought in from 7 to 8r. sterling par day, when employed;

compute the value of each at /. 150 Two D* - Stone-masons, who brought in from 6 s. to 7 sterling per day, when employed;

compute the value of each at/. 150 Eight D° - - Day Labourers, who brought in ir. 9 sterling day, when employed;

compute the value of each at £.60 -

Eight D" - Servants (Men and Women); compute the value of each at /.60 Household Furniture, Pictures, &c. at a low valuation - - - - * - -

West India Produce, of considerable value; consisting of Rum, Sugar, Molasses, at a low valuation

4,674-----i

6,600 — —

230-----

140 — — 1,500-----

v 600-----

600 — —

300-----

3co-----

480 — —

4S0-----

800 — —■ 1,000 — —

Computed Value of Real and Personal Estate, in sterling money

9>756 1 —

Appendix, No.

SCHEDULE and Computed Value of the Real and Personal Estate of Esquire, which was

conlifcated, destroyed, or made away with during the American Resolution, and for which he claims Compensation from the British Government.

REAL ESTATE in Wilmington, North Carolina.

Computed Value in Sterling Money.

One Dwelling-house, Store-house, and Offices, in Market-street, which rented at /.i 54. North Carolina cureency, or Z.89. 17s. 6d. sterling per annum-, value at Ten years purchase - -

One - D° - D°, rented at/. 75. North Carolina currency, or Z.43. 1 $s. sterling; value

at Ten years purchase -

One - 0° «. D% in Dochjlreet, rented at Z.35. North Carolina currency, or £.20. sterling per annum; value at Ten years purchase ——

One - I y. D% rented at /.17. ior. North Carolina currency, or /. 10. sterling per

annum; value at Ten years purchase -

An extensive Wharf and Two large Warehouses, at the bottom of Dock-street, rented at Z.385. North Carolina currency, or /.220. sterling, per annum; value at Ten years purchase - -

/. S. d.

89S 15 -

437 10 —

200-----

100-----

2,2 00 -

Computed Value of Real Estate, carried forward - - /.

3.836 5

43 Geo. III. 28° Junil.

h*' F-*

PERSONAL ESTATE.

-— .. ...... - L

Amount of Real F.slate, brought forward -

One Lighter and Four Negro Lightermen, which brought in, when employed, 4 North Carolina currency, or £.1. 17 r. 4*/. sterling per day; value, per annum, at£.i. 17 s.' 4-d. per dny, for 313 working days - - - - . - £.584 5 4

Deduct one-third for time unemployed, and wear and tear - - 194 15 4

Computed Value in Sterling Money.

£. s.

3>§36 5 —

Computed net amount, per annum - - ^.389 10 o

Value at Three years purchase -

Average annual profit of an old eifabiiflied Baking Business, for supplying Shipping and the West India markets with Biscuit, the only one at that time in that part of America, £.1,100. value at Three years purchase ——

Two Negro Bakers, at £.12 5. each -

Stock of Flour and Biscuits on hand in the warehouses -

West India produce of considerable value, consisting of Rum, Sugar, Molasses, Coffee, &c. at a low valuation -

Two Negro Ship Carpenters, who brought in from 7 to 8 lterlingper day, when employed;

value at £150. each -One D" House Carpenter ——

Four Day Labourers ——

One-fourth part of Household Furniture -

1,168 xo —

3,300-----

250 — — 1,500-----■

1,000-----

3 co-----

.150-----

240-----

200 -

11,944 15 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Hop Planters and Persons mate-> rially concerned in the cultivation of Hops, in the County l. of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the Hop Planters in the County of Hereford, whole names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally prellnted to the House, and read; praying that such a Duty may be imposed upon Quaflia, and other ingredients uied in the brewing of Beer as substitutes for Hops, as may amount to a prohibition of them, so far as regards their general uie as such substitutes.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Francis Baring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole names

are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners,

and others, concerned in the Trade between Great Britain

and the Left Indies and China, was referred; That the Com-

irmiee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

paflld in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for

" better regulating the Port of London and al 1b, an Act,

passed in die 39th and 40th years of His said Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation

and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue,

withm the Port of London,'’ were read; by which it

appeared, that compeniutions were thereby directed to be

nude to divers persons interested in property liable to be

affected by the operation of the said Acts, or one of them,

and to divers persons carrying on or exercising certain

trades and professions, whole interefb might be affected

thereby; and that such compensations were directed to be

Wade out -of the Consolidated Fund, and the monies

which should be so advanced to be repaid to the said Fund

out of the general Tonnage Duties, granted and made

payable to His Majesty by the said first-mentioned Act:— And, J t )

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, laid. That applications have been made to the Promdters of a Bill now depending, " for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and othec works at VoL. 58.

" Blackzvall, for the accommodation of the East India " shipping in the said Port," for the introduction of Clauses for indemnification and compensation for injury or damage to be done to Ship-builders and others by the operation of the said Bill, in case the fame should pals into a Law, founded on the fame principles as those which obtained provisiou for compensation for injury or damage which Individuals rhiglit have sustained by the operation of the aforesaid Acts.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Reftdved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Referred to Committee c the whole House,

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Cornwall* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An EstateBiii, . Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion-house and p'iffcu.'’ Grounds, late of John Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of and for inverting the Purchase-money, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate, to be settled to the same uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

V

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further j^] fcr con. consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole loiiiLuing House, to whom the Bill for confolkiating the several pro- j.’jj

visions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties A.r-uea under the management of the Commissioners for the de£j^*jS* Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of AiTefled the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and gi anting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Li -cences, and on Carriages conltru&ed/by Coachmakers, and 13 v_jvJvJ^ granting

56

28*

A. 1803.

I,ords

yunn

lo.nting new Dubes tWeon, under managenienl; of ----- .. ~ . Amen,m

laid Lomn-.moners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new sideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Dill, to Bill to ^mies on Persons selling Carriages by auction, or oh com-y.duon, was re-committed, be taken into further confide-iferation Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into con- Amen lmentJ

intituled, An Act to amend, and render more e fit dual, amend the

> — ...... * -»- Laws relating

oft* for three months.

the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of harms, toS iritual and for enforcing the retidence of Spiritual Persons on their Persons, put Benefices in that part of the United Kingdom of Great OraereJ, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Britain and , called , be now read.

T r,t the Bill'for consolidating certain of the provisions And the said Order being read accordingly;

" The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into

Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read •, and are as follow eth;

Pr. 4. I.19. After " notwithstanding" insert " Pro-

lilg of

contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called , be now

read.

And the said Order being read according ly The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, lhat the Bill be committed.

Rijohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the - Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices, therein described, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

rt of

\i Wt-

Fanniics

.U,

i>er

u tiered.

Pr. s-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for takinginto further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, beingfever-ally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing certain Certificates to be transmitted to the respedwe Town, Clerks of the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow.

And the said Clause was twice read-, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made pan of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be lead the third time upon Thursday next.

1- fi9-1. ult.

1. 4-1. 18.

" vided nevertheless, That In all cates " in which any such Writ, Suit, Ac-" tion. Bill, Plaint, or Information,

" shall have been sued out or com-tc menced at any time on or fub-" sequent to the first day of July one " thousand eight hundred and one, it " shall be competent to such Court or " judge as aforesaid to make such Order as aforesaid for discontinuing " the fame, without payment of any " Costs; and, upon making such or-" der, such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill,

" Plaint, or Information, shall be forth*

" with discontinued."

Leave out " or."

After " Curacy " insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

After " Cure" Insert " or Chapelry." Leave out from " the" to " without" in line 20, and insert " convemence " and accommodation of his house-hold and hospitality only

Pr. 6. 1. ult. After "any

Pr. 7. 1. 1.

1. 24. Pr. 8. 1. 7.

1.19. 1. 20

insert " Dignity, Prebend " and in the fame line leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage."

Leave out " or and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

After " Cattle" insert " or Corn." Leave out " herein" and insert " in this " Act."

Leave out " Cure" and insert " CuTacy." After " thereof" insert " respectively."

1. 26.

thereof" and

: r oTxiTtuucc orv

\V\u\e

V UWry BiA.

-A

>T

Ordered, That the Older of the day. for the House to Tefo\ve \Udf into a Committee of the whole Ho\iie, upon the Yh\\ for en\armns: the bruits of the Southern Wha\e

i"* rv 00

rnhery^be now Tead.

And the said Order being read accordmgYy •,

The House resolved \tfe\f into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker \eft the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.»

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee>That they had gone through the YbW and had directed him to report the same to the House> Without any Amendment; And be deb vv ed the Vh\\ in the C\erkVYab\e.

Ordered, That the Yb\\ be mgr offed.

Or vie r ?<vf Copy oS Mi* nv)rv.i\, Sic.

- T'oldUnfc IO Yv\t.c Cwfe,

1

The House was moved, That the Order, made yefeerday, That there he laid before this House, a Copy of a Memorial, with the accompanying papers, that were presented by the Honourable Captain Cochra, to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon the 17th of January 1799 relatwe to Prize and Prize Appeal causes, mrghtbe read. And the find Order being tead accordingly Ord<reti, That the said Order be discharged.

Leave out " or any part insert " respectively."

\. 31. After " thereof" insert " respectively."

1. ult. After " notwithstanding" insert " Provided nevertheless, That in such " cases in which such Impropriate " Parsonage, Rectory, or Vicarage, or " such part or parts thereof as ftialY " be so occupied as aforesaid, shall not " at any time before the parting of this " Ad. have been so occupied by the " fame or any other such Spiritual " Person as aforesaid, such Person shall " remain Viable to such pains, penal-" ties, and forfeitures, unless he ffrail " have obtained the licence of the " Bfshop for so occupying the fame." Leave out " or •" and in the fame V\rv leave out " Cure" and insert " fife * racy or Parochial Chapelry."

!. to. Leave out from " the" to " of" in V

12. and insert " convenience and " commodation " and in the \ Vine, after " household" insert " " hospitality only."

Leave out " or of any of them."

to. \. 29. After " any " insert " Archd' " Deanery, or other."

\. go. Leave out " or." h gt. After " Curacy" insert " Chapelry."

Pr. 9. \. 4.

Pt.

or

43 Geo. III. .28

Stu

Pr. ii. 1.18. Leave out " or;" and in the fame line, after " Curacy " insert " or Parochial Chapelry."

1. 38. Leave out " or;" and in the fame line, after " Curacy " insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Pr. 12. 1. 27. Leave out from " brought" to " Pro-" vided" in Press 13. line 1. and insert " Provided that no Parsonage that " hath a Vicar endowed, or perpetual " Curate, and having no Cure of " Souls, shall be taken to be or be " comprehended under the name of " Benefice, within the true intent and " meaning or for the purposes of this " Act;" and also insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " And be it Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That the Court in which " any such Ad ion. Bill, Plaint, pr:In-" formation shall be depending, may " and shall, upon application made " for that purpose, require by Rule or " Order of the said Court, or any " Judge thereof, the Archbishop or " Bishop of the Diocese within the " limits of which the Dignity, Pre-" bend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual " Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, shall " be locally situate, or to whom the " fame shall be ihbject;, according to " the provisions of this Act, for or by " reason of non-residence in, at, or " upon which the penalties and for-" feitures shall be fought to be reco-•, " vered by such Action, Bill, Plaint,

" or Information, to certify in writing " under his hand to the said Court, " and also to the Party for that pur-* pole named in the said Rule or Or-" der, the reputed annual value of " such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, " Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Pa-" rochial Chapelry, and upon such " Rule or Order being left with such " Archbishop or Bishop, or the Re-" gifter of such Archbishop or Bishop, " such Archbifltop or Bishop shall accordingly so certify such reputed " annual value, and such Certificate " shall in all subsequent Proceedings " upon such Action, Bill, Plaint, or " Information, be received and taken " as evidence of the annual value of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, " Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Pa-" rochial Chapelry respectively, for the purposes of this Act, without

" prejudice nevertheless to the admis-" iibility or effe<ft of any such other " evidence as may be offered or given " respecting the actual value thereof."

Pr. 13. I. 4. Leave out " or."

1. 5. After "Curacy" insert "or Parochial " Chapelry."

1. 8. Leave out " or."

1. 9. Leave out " Cure" and insert " Curacy " or Parochial Chapelry."

I.18. After " non-residence " insert " unless " the action lor the recovery of such " penalties or forfeitures shall have " been actually commenced against " such Person previous to his having " completed such residence for one " year in the manner herein speci-" fied."

1. 25. After " abroad " insert " during the " time of his actually residing in such " Fadory or Household, and performing there at all due times and sea-" fons the duties of such his office."

Vo l. 58.

Pri 15. 1 3.' After " ftihe" insert " or 3s Deans, Sub-: , " Deans, Priests, or. Readers, in His Majesty’s Royal. Chapels at Saint " James's and Whitehall, of as Reader " in His Majesty’s private Chapel at " Windsor or elsewhere, dr as Chap-

" lain at the :Royal Military Asylum " at Chelsea, or Royal Military College " at High W, or Teacher at the " Royal Military Academy at Wool-" wich, or Chaplains at the Royal " Hospital at Greenwich and,

" or as Chaplains to the Royal Hof-" pitals for Seamen at Hajlar and " Plymouth, whilst they shall respect" tively reside and perform the duties " of their respective offices."

1. 7. After "other" insert " such."

1. 16. Leave out " performs " and insert " shall " perform."

1. 19. After " other" insert " such."

1. 26. Leave out " performs " and insert " shall " perform."

1. 33. After " and " insert " shall."

1. 34. Leave out " relides" and infeft " reside."

1.36. After " College " insert "during the

" time for which they may be respect" tively required to vefide, and shall " actually reside therein.’’

I.39. Leave out from " School" to " shall" in Press 16, line 5.

Pr. 16. I.32. Leave out "twenty-six" and insert " thirty."

1.37. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to

" And,’ ’ in Press 17. line 9. and insert Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That no " penalty or colts incurred by any " Spiritual Person by reason of any " non-residence on his Dignity, Pre-" bend. Benefice, Donative, Perpe-" tual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry,

" shall be levied by execution against:

" the body of such Person whilst he " shall hold the fame, or any other " Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Dona-" tive. Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial " Chapelry, out of the profits of which.

" the lame can be levied by sequestra-" tion within the term of three years;

" and in cale the body of any such " Spiritual Person shall be taken in " execution for the lame, the Court in " which the lame was recovered, or " any Judge thereof, may and shall,

" upon application made for that pur-" pole, discharge the party from such " execution, in case it shall be made " to appear, to the satisfaction of such " Court or Judge, that such penalty " and costs can be levied as aforesaid."

Pr. 17. I.19. Leave out " or otherwise."

1. 21.? Leave out " Parsonage or Vicarage " and & 22.3 insert " Dignity, Prebend, Benefice."

1. 22. Leave out " or."

I.23. After "Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Pr. 18. 1. 1®. Leave out " persons" and insert " per-" son-"

1. 11. Leave out " their respective Benefices" and insert " his Dignity, Prebend, Be-" nefice. Donative, Perpetual Cu-" racy, or Parochial Chapelry."

1. 13. Leave out " persons " and insert " per-« son."

1. 22.7 Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage " and & 23.) insert " Dignity, Prebend, Benefice."

1. 23. Leave out " or."

J. 24. After " Curacy " insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

b?GO.O; Pr-1»-

558

Pi. 19.

28° JuniL

V " Parr°n^7 Vicarage" ind Pr. 26. !. 15.

1. I9.

A. 1805.

t

& 9- i insert u Dignity, Prebend, Benefice."

Pr. 20

1. 9. Leave out " or."

1. xo. After 44 Curacy " insert " or Parochial " Chapelry, whereupon, or." h 18. After " Person" insert " such Spiritual * Person keeping such house of refi*

" dence in such repair as shall be to " the satisfaction of the Bishop."

1.41. Leave out 44 Parsonage, Vicarage " and insert " Benefice."

1. 22. Leave out " or," and in the fame line, after " Curacy " insert " or Parochial * Chapelry."

1. 24. Leave out from 1* of" to " any " in line 27, and insert " the fame respe<*- tively "

1. 38.I Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage," and Si 39.3 insert " Benefice."

1. 39. Leave out " or."

l.ult. After * Curacy" insert " dr Parochial " Chapelry."

1. 6. Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage," and insert " Benefice."

1. 7. Leave out " Or and in thte fame line, after 44 Curacy " insert " or Parochial u Chapelry."

1. 34. After " Preachership " insert " and per-" forming and executing the duties " thereof respectively."

1. 36.I Leave out " Parsonage, Vicatage," and & 37.3 insert 44 Benefice."

1. 37. Leave out " or."

1.38. After 44 Curacy " insert " dr Parochial " Chapelry."

Pr. 21. 1.35. Leave out 44 to" and insert w by writing " signed by himself."

Pr. 22.. 1.17. After " PeTfon" insert " possessed of any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial * Chapelry."

1. 20. After " may " insert " be, or as the fame

1. 25.

1. 26.

1.27.

1. 36. »• 37-

ii

<C

Leave out From u situate " to 44 and, *' in line 16.

Leave out " such " and insert " the and in the fame line, after * Register " infeft 44 of the said Diocese."

After " revocation " insert " with respe&

" to any Benefke, Donative, Perpe-" full Curacy, or Parochial Cha- pelry."

Leave out 44 delivered " and insert *' trans-*4 mitted."

After u Parish " insert " to which the ct fame relates,"

Leave Out " Parsonage, Vicarage " and infeft * Beneficeand in the fame line, leave out 44 br."

After " Curacy " insert " of Parochial " Chapelry."

Pr. 27. 1.11. Leave out " thirtieth " and insert " thirty- fitft."

1.19. Leave out " thirtieth " and insert " thirty- first."

1. 25. After " and" insert " the reafops."

1. 3 5. After " and " insert " if."

1. 36. Leave out from 44 shall " to 44 be," in line 37, and insert 44 think fit so to do,

" the fame shall."

Leave out from " licence " to " who," in Press 28. line 2.

Leave out " the " 2nd insert " a and in the fame line, after the second " the" insert " mandatory part of the."

1.12. After " a" infett 44 like."

1.13. Leave out * likewise."

1.14. Leave out " Churchwarden" and insert " Churchwardens of the Parish to " which the famfe relates."

1.18. After " of" insert " the mandatory part 44 of."

1. ult. Pr. it. 1. xo.

1.24. I.18.

After 44 a" insert * like."

may.

1.22. Leave out " to the" and infett 44 in any 44 case in Which a."

I.23. Leave out " whb shall" and infett 44 may."

1. 25. Leave out from 44 Person" to the second " such " in line 26.

1. 30. Leave out 44 or •" find in the fame line, leave out the second 44 or."

\. Jt. Leave out14 Cure" and Insert " Curacy " or Parochial Chapelry."

Pr. 23. \. 21. After 44 and" insert 44 after such enquiries " made by himself, or where the fame 44 shall be made by such Commissioner 44 or Commissioners, after a return of the substance thereof in writing 44 to such Archbishop, such Arch-" bishop."

, 1.30.I Leave out 44 or Commissioner or Com-Si 3X.3 44 mifhoners."

1.37. Leave out from 44 Archbishop " to 44 such " in line 39.

Pr. 24. 1. 5. Leave out 44 thereof" and insert 44 the.

44 fame."

\. xo. Leave out 44 thereof" and insert44 the 44 fame."

V x6. Leave out44 or both."

Pr.23. 1.\%.VLeave out 44Parfonage, Vicarage" and St iy.\ insert44 Dignity, Prebend, Benefice."

1.19. Leave out44 or."

1. ae. After 44 Curacy " insert 44 or Parochial 44 Chapelry." b 23. Leave out44 are" and insert44 Vs."

Pr. ah. 1. \o. Leave out 44 Parsonage, Vicarage," and vnfert44 Dignity, Prebend, Benefice."

1. x\. Leave out 44 or and in the fame hue, after 44 Curacy " insert44 or Paxochird 44 Chapelty"

After " mentioned," insert 44 Provided 44 that after such licence shall have 44 beeh so revoked by His Majesty in 44 Council, the same shall nevertheless 44 in all questions that shall have arisen,

44 or may thereafter arise, touching the " non-residence of the Spiritual Person to whom the same shall have 44 beeh granted, between the period at " which the same was granted or confirmed and the time at which the 44 feme shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be 44 and to have been valid and effectual 44 to the intents and purposes of this " A&."

1. 3%. Leave out from 44 every" to 44 Dona- tive," in line 39, and infett 44 Dig- nity, Prebend, Benefice." l.ult. Leave out 44 and and in the fame line, after 44 Curacy" insert 44 and Paro- chial Chapelry."

Pr. 29. h 4.\Leave out 44 Incumbents thereof " anC & 5.3. infett 44 Persons possessing the fame," V. 8. After 44 ACh" insert44 or any other Act 1.12. After 44 A£t" insert 44 and also of the Persons pdfteffing the fame, ’ 44 having any such exemption or 44 cence, who shall not have reside 44 such Dignity, Prebend, Ben 44 Dona)tive, Berpetual Curacy, or 44 chial Chapelry, so far as the 1 44 is informed thereof."

\. at. After 44 A fit" insert44 or any otb 1. 33. Leave out from44 such" to " 1> in line 34, and insert 44 Digs 44 bend. Benefice."

\» 34. Leave out 44 or."

1. 33, After 44 Curacy" insert 44 < 44 Chapelty

43 GeO. III.

28* Janil

Ft. 31. 1.23. 1.24.

1.

1. 10.

1.13.

1.13. Pr. 33. 1. 28.

L 29.

1. 31.

35*

Pr. 34. 1. 33. Pr. 35. 1. 14.

1.17. Pr. 36. I. xo.

1.11.

Pr. 29. L 36. After «* Exemption," insert " Provided " also, That it shall be lawful for the "Person making such Notification,

" to deliver, or cause to be delivered,

" to the Registrar of such Diocese as " aforesaid, a duplicate of such Noti-" ficatioa in writing, and which Du-" plicate such Registrar is hereby Pr. 32. 1-. " required to file and preserve in h

" the Registry of such Diocese; and "in all cases in which any ques-" tion shall arise, whether any such " Person as aforesaid has made such " Notification as is required by this " Ad as aforesaid, a copy of such " Duplicate, certified under the hand " of the Registrar of the Diocese for the time being, together with the " time of filing the fame, and which " Certificate such Registrar is hereby " required to give, upon application l< for that purpose made by or on " the behalf of the Party interested,

" shall be deemed and taken to be " evidence, that the party required to " make such Notification as aforesaid " hath made the fame." And also in-felt Clause (C.)

Clause (C.) " Provided also. That to the intent to " enforce such Persons as aforesaid,

" from time to time, duly to make " such Notification as aforesaid; Be " it Enacted, That if any Person shall " wilfully neglect to make such Noti-" ficatkm as aforesaid, the Person so " negfeding shall not be or be deemed " to be entitled, from and after the " expiration of such six weeks, to the " benefit of such exemption as aforesaid, until he shall have made such " Notification in writing; and such " Person so wilfully neglecting to " make such Notification as aforesaid,

" notwithstanding such subsequent " Notification shall not be or be " deemed to be entitled to such ex-" emption in tefped of any non-re-" fidence, which shall have taken " place between the expiration of " such six weeks and the time of *making such subsequent Notifica-" tion; and in all cases in which any " question shall arise, whether such " neglect was wilful, the same shall " be taken to have been wilful, unless " the contrary is proved by the Person claiming such exemption."

Pr.29. I.40. Leave out "be" and insert "have " been."

1. ult. Leave out from " shall" to " be," in Pr.

30. line 1. and insert " thereafter."

In Clause (A.) in the Bill,

I.13.

Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " orand in the fame line,

" after " Curacy" insert " or Paro-" chial Chapelry."

After " months" insert " in any one " year •" and in the fame line, after " be" insert " put."

After " months" insert " in any one " year."

1. %. After " suit" insert " or instance."

1. 9. After " the" insert " Archbishop." 1.11.1 Leave out * Parsonage, Vicarage" and & \z\ mfert " Benefice." k n. Leave out " or;" and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chatty."

Lfcave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and " insert " Benefice."

Leave out * or and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

I. 30* Leave out froth " on" to " it" in line

7.

6.

9*

Pr. 30. 1.35.

I.36*

Pr. 31. 3.

1. 7.

V Voi. 58.

3 r. and insert * she fame respectively."

After. " and" insert " also."

After " Residertce" insert " if any such " there be."

Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " orand, in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Leave out " therein" and insert " there-" on."

Leave out " thereof" and insert "there-

" tOv"

Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " or j" and in the fame line, after " Curacy," insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Leave out " Monition" and insert "Order."

After " dired" insert tir by."

After " remit" insert " to."

After " Monition" insert " or Order."

After " Bishop" insert " or Archbishop."

Leave out " or" and insert " after such " enquiry made by himself, or by."

After " Commissioners" insert " and " in the latter case, after the substance " of such enquiry shall have been re-" turned in writing to the said Arch-" bishop."

Leave out " is" and insert " shall be."

After " in " insert " or upon ;" and in the fame line, and line 32. leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " or."

After " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " or;" and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

Leave out from "Ad" to " Provided," in Press 38, line 37, and mfert Clauses (D.) (E.) and (F.)

Clause (D.) " And, to the intent effectually to enforce " bond fide Residence according to the " intent and meaning of such Moni-" tions and Orders as aforesaid; Be it " further Enacted, That if any Spiri-" tual Person, not licensed under this * Ad to be absent from his Bene-" fice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy,

" or Parochial Chapelry, nor having " other lawful cause of absence from " the fame, who, after any such Moni-" tion or Order as aforesaid requiring " his residence, and before or after " any such Sequestration as aforesaid,

* " shall, in obedience to such Monition

" or Order, have begun to reside upon " his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual " Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry,

" shall aftetwatds, and before the ex-" piration of six months next after " the commencement of such Refi-" dence, in the judgment and without " the leave of such Archbishop or " Bishop, begm wilfully to absent " himself from such Benefice. Dona-" tive, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochia " Chapehy, it (Hall be lawful for fuel

1.43. 1- 3*.

1.31. 1-33-

I.38.

I. 39.

Pr. 37. L ie.

" Archbisho

560

28° Junii.

8'

* Archbishop or Bishop, without " issuing any other Monition or " making any other Order, again to " sequester and apply the profits of " such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual * Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, as is w before directed by this Act for the purpose of enforcing the Residettce " of such Spiritual Person. according " to the true intent of the original " Monition issued by such Archbishop " or Bishop as aforesaid; and it shall " be lawful for the Archbishop or * Bishop so to proceed in like cases,

" from time to time, as often as occa-" fion may require; provided that in " each and every of such cases such * Spiritual Person shall be entitled to " appeal against such Sequestration in " such manner, and upon such terms,

* as hereinbefore is and are men-• " tioned touching Appeals respecting * Sequestrations, but nevertheless the " fame shall be in force during such " Appeal."

Clause (E.) " And be it further Enacted, That if any " Clerk shall continue under any Se-" questration made under the provi- fions of this Act, for non-residence,

" for the (pace of three years, or shall,

" under the provifrons of this Act,

" incur three Sequestrations in the 44 said {pace of three years, not being " relieved with respect to any of such " Sequestrations upon appeal, the Be-" nefice. Donative, Perpetual Curacy,

44 or Parochial Chapelry, in relation " to non-rehdence, upon which such 44 Sequestrations shall have been made,

44 shall become ipfofaElo void, and the " Patron or Person entitled to present w or nominate some Clerk thereto,

" other than the Clerk who shall have " so continued under such Sequestta-" tion or Sequestrations, as if the fame " had been avoided by the natural 44 death or rehgnation of the party."

Clause (Ef) " And be it further Enacted, That all " contrafts or agreements, made after " the paffrng of this Act, for the let-, " ting of houses of residence, or the " building, gardens, orchards, and * appurtenances necessary for the " convenient occupation of the fame,

" belonging to any Benefice, Dona- tive, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial " Chapelry, to which houses of rest-• " dence any Spiritual Persons shall be

\ " requited, by order of the Arch-

" bishop or Bishop as aforesaid, to " proceed and to reside therein fa

" copy of which order shall, imme-" diately on the issuing thereof, be ■3, " transmitted to one of the Church-

■ " wardens of the Parish, and be by

i him. forthwith fetved on the Occu-

" pier of such house of residence, q " or left at the fame, and which such

" Churchwarden is hereby required to ", " serve accordingly^ shall be null and

d " void *, and any Person continuing

\ * to bold any such house of refi-

" dence, or any such building, garden,

\ " orchard, or premises, after the day

" on which the said Spiritual Person " shall be directed by the said Order , " to reside in such house of residence,

' 44 and after fetvice of such copy as

44 aforesaid, shall forfeit the turn of " Forty Shillings for every day he 5

Pr. 39. \. 6.

\. ult. Pr, 40. 1. r.

Pr. 41.

v

A. 1803.

" shall, without the permission of the ‘5 Archbishop or Bishop, in writing,

" for that purpose obtained, wilfully " continue to hold any such house, tf building, garden, orchard, or pre-€t mises, to be recovered and applied " in like manner as the penalties for " non-residence are directed to be " recovered and applied by the provisions of this Act but in cases of " such contrafts or agreements made " before the passing of this Act, the " Person holding and occupying " under any such contract or agree-" ment shall not be liable to any " penalty for three calendar months " from the time of the service of the " copy of such Order of the Arch-" bishop or Bishop as aforesaid, upon " such Occupier, or at such house of " residence as 'aforesaid, and Sequef-" tration shall not ifl'ue for difobc-" dience to the Order of the Arch-" bishop or Bishop for three calendar 44 months, to be computed from the " service of the copy of the said 44 Order, at the expiration of which " time it shall be lawful for the Arch-" bishop or Bishop to ifl’ue Sequestra-" tion v and from and after the expi-" ration of which time the party continuing to hold any such house,

" building, garden, orchard, premises,

" or appurtenances as aforesaid, shall " forfeit the sum of Forty Shillings " for every day he shall wilfully con-" tlnue, without such permission in u writing as aforesaid, to hold the " fame, or any of them •, to be re- covered and applied in like manner " as aforesaid."

Leave out from " fame" to " Provided," in line 21.

Leave out " Parsonage, Vicarage" and insert " Benefice."

Leave out " or and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " or Parochial " Chapelry."

1.14. Leave out " or and in the fame line, after " Curacy" insert " ot Parochial " Chapelry, and such Defendant, un-" lets upon application to the Court " the same shall be dispensed with,

" shall, upon pleading such matter,

44 file, or cause to be filed, an Affidavit " in the said Court, thereby stating,

" that, according to tire belief of the " Defendant, the Bishop or Arclt-" bishop, who has issued or caused " such Monition to be issued, is pro-" ceeding ot intends to proceed upon 44 the said Monition, to the intent to " make the fame effectual to the in-" tents and purposes of this Act,

" othevwife such plea shall not be " good or available in the Law." Leave out " on Benefices."

Leave out from 44 all" to Donatives’ in line 34, and insert " Dignitio " Prebends, Benefices."

Leave out from " notwithstanding" " Provided" inPrefs 43.fine 20.1 " insert Clause {G.1 Clause (^G.^ 44 And be it further ¥,nafted, TVv& < * Archbishop, Bishop, and Archdc " within the limits of whose Prc " Diocese, ot ^urisdiction tefpe " any Dignity, Benefice, D< 41 Perpetual Curacy, ot p 44 Chapelry tefpefttvely, ex<

1.29.

33*

P r. 42. 1. 4.

43 Geo. III.

28" Ju

" peculiar, shall be locally situate, " shall, have, use, and exercise all the " powers and authorities necessary for " the due execution by them relpec-" tively, of the provisions and pur-" poses of this Act, and for enforcing " the fame with regard thereto respect" tively as such Archbishop, Bishop, " and Archdeacon respectively could " have used and exercised if the fame

Mr. Gregor, and Mr.

the fame.

t)61

do prepare, and bring in,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read ing of the ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty, for

AdtUtior.-il Kxcilt* Cut ids

of Excise *......a'

a time to be limited, certain additional Duties in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

• Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, were not exempt or peculiar, but An Act for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months were subject in all respects to the after the ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do' carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

"jurisdiction of such Archbishop,

" Bishop, or Archdeacon; and also,

" that where any Benefice, Donative,

" Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial " Chapelry, exempt or peculiar, flaall " be locally situate within the limits " of more than one Province, Dio-" cele, or Jurisdiction, or where the " fame, or any of them, shall be lo-" cally situate between the limits of " any two or more of such Provinces,

" Dioceses, or Jurisdictions, or any of " them, the Archbishop or Bishop to " the Cathedral Church of whole " Province or Diocese the Pari Hi " Church of the fame respectively " shall be neared in local situation, " flaall have, use, and exercise all the " powers and authorities which are " necessary for the due execution of " the provisions of this Act, and en-" forcing the fame with regard thereto " respectively, as such Archbishop

Mr. Carry presented to the Horde, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, certain Duties on tire Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported item Ireland', and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and: Mah dft-tilled and made in Ireland: And the lame Was'received; and read the first time. , ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tirtie Tomorrow. .. ..

Trilli AiWU t’ooril

Ci: items. vvC, D i * T.. d\ ‘- j MTCldUled. -

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do tithe his warrant to the Stranraer, o. c. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ, for the 'elect- vv"t* ing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament lor the District of Burghs of Stranraer, and New. Gal/ore ay, in the room of John Spalding, Esquire, who, since his election for the said' District of Burghs, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His M:t-jesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of D^Jbcronglt, and

or Bishop could have used if the Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham. lame were not exempt or peculiar,

but were subject in all respects to Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, iniVi Pro-the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Parlia- ni Bishop respectively, and the

ry Notes

or

" fame, for all the purposes of this " Act, shall be deemed and taken to " be within the limits of the Pro-" vince or Diocese of such Arch-" bishop or Bishop, and the fame " shall also, for the purposes of this " Act, be taken to be within the " Archdeaconry of, and be subject to " the3u rifdiction of such Archdeacon morrow. " as hath J urildiction as such over the " Parish, the Parish Church of which " is nearest to the Church of such <c Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Cu-" racy, or Parochial Chapelry, exempt <{ or peculiar, any thing in any Act " or Acts, Law or Laws, Usage or <c Usages, or other matter or thing

~ «liV4 Wiuouvi Wll U1UUV. XII 111^ X aiU4-

ment of Ireland in the 39th year of the reign of l lis present prcieuicd. Majesty, intituled, "An Act to teftrain the negociation

ffe, under

of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchan " a limited sum and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty's reign, to continue and amend the said Act: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, tilth Mint a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pav and Cloathinor Pav?

<c to the contrary notwithstanding •,

" provided that tire Peculiars belong-« to any Archbishopvic or Bishopric, " though locally situated in another " Diocese, shall continue Iubjeft to " the Archbishop or Bishop to whom " they belong, as well for the pur-" poses of this Act, as for all other

of the Militia of Ireland, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals* and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied, and for making Allowances, in certain cales, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself c»miv ito a Committee of the whole House, to consider much of two Acts, made in the 42c! year of the rei

‘ Vital ' 1

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of to

gn of pi'i i u

« purposes of Ecclesiastical Jurisdic- His present Majesty, and in this Session of Parliament, as " tion in the Law whatsoever." relates to, the Duties on Saltpetre imported into Ireland. "

Pr. 43. 1. 37. Leave out from " no" to " this" in line

38. and inl'evt "Forfeiture or Penalty RThat this House will, upon Thursday next, re- 1,-v " shall be incurred under or by virtue solve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to cola- and of.’* - fider lurther of the Bill to amend several Acts of Parlia- K<j

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the further confide- ment, for the better collection and security of His Ma- act ration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day jesty’s Revenue of Customs -and Excise in ,' and for

three months. preventing Frauds therein> and to make further Regulations

for the like purposes.

Ordered, That leave be gtveu' to bring in a Btll to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Pevlons holding of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to c Farms, and for enforcing the retulence of Spiritual Persons xetolvc itself into a Committee of the whoic House, to con- ! on their Benefices in England :And that Sir William Scott, fider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty more effee- ‘ Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Advocate General, tually to raise and assemble an additional Military f orce

Vol. 58.

top

562

28°—29°

A. 1803.

Mcrcurii, 20° (lie

43° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

15

a

;V

'k

Anno

for the better Defence and Security of the U nited Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Prayers , . .» Markets within BlicM-mm ,1

M yT"I‘‘"‘7 to^kt, ther<r1’1'r of *e A.Ntll"ST«ra Bo‘f B?aMmC mV County P*Wi« 't

Sit"jSL Mmreport'd from the Committee, That of L f" *vWing^ mctolmfc end o^a

they had gone through the other of the Bills referred to in parcel of \\ ade Groun , v/atchin^, lighting,

their former Report, to enable His Majesty more effectually burn, called j , anj 0^ier Places to raise and assemble such Force in Scotland, and made several cleansing, and regu ing 11 , 1 time.

Amendments thereunto*, which they had directed him to within thelaid down, re the Title be,

i^r1rTr,r^iut^fe, or'ceivvh'feme-

S4ntm the said in % cV, -W-

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had improving the Streets and other riaccs within

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their concurrence.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House *, and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

ta Yield ;rs, See. puffed*

The ingrossed Bill for augmenting the number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, within Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for augmenting the number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, within Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander- do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concunence.

.!iV\m Pay Bill, deterred.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Fay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed;

Mr. Bxngreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill Hickney '~s for altering and enlarging feme of the provisions of an Act, sported. - " passed in the 35thyear of His present Majesty’s reign, inti- "

tuled, " An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth p;,

year of the reign of His present Majesty, for taking down " the Church and Tower belonging to the Favifh of " Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and " for building another Church and Tower for the use of " the said Farith, and for making an additional Cemetery " or Churchyard; and for raising a further turn of money " for completing the said Church, and other works," was committed *, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table *. Where the Amendments

and then a second time, one

'.Si-

ft

>A\Y\t\a

were once read throughout

by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken, into further con- were agreed to by the House.

deration upon this day sevennight. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to te-

Adivaants Bill solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the defected. Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to

* v 1 rt r .\ x »M‘ p t* _ 1 1

InstiWorV-^ ttvcmCom-; Vitiation V reported.

vV

1

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report Donc^er from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so SiC‘ much of an Act, passed in the 4th year of the reign of His reined, a. ikio j, _ P^ent Majesty, as ^\ates to the Yighting the Streets and

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England Haces within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the disembodied under an Act of the fame SeSion of ParYia- County of York, and for more effectuaWy Yig^ting, watchmen ing> and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for

Resolved, That this House w’\W,upon this day sevennight, preventing nuisances therein, was committed. refoWe itself into the said Committee. Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had considered the Feti-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ticm of George of the Borough of , in the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- West Riding of the County of York, referred to their convent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, ^deration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland, and for other pur- and found the same to be true; and that the Committee poses relating thereto, was committed, the Amendments had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the they had directed him to report to the House; and he House; and he read the Reportin his place; and afterwards read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table*. Table-.Where the Amendments were once read through-Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and out V and then a second time, one by one; and, upon th then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Q.uef- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tV tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

House. Ordered, That the Bril, with the Amendments, he ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- grossed. grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To morrow.

Vfvftan4 Meant,

deferred.

ReJoh)ed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confrdet further

A Petition of several Hop Planters of the Count Worcejl er, was presented to the House, and read *, coup ing of the use of Quaffia and other Ingredients i brewing of Beer, as substitutes for Hops; and pray relief.

of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Vie upon the'

Sir TKiiliam Scott presented to the House, acc Order, a Bill to amend the Laws relating to Sph fons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the B

43 Geo. III.

Q9°yunii.

563

Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England: And the Parishes of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford and and

fame ivas received; and read the first time. ». '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Mosses,

within the Manor of Po/Jied, in the Parish of , in

the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Whitwick inclosing Lands in the Township of and Town- InclosureBl

ships or Liberties of Thringstone and Pegg's , in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heversham

~ ~ Inclosure Bi

CwMnrf*

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhoufi took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of m meats,

the County of Westmorland; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Alderbury

. - y . . — t___i _ /__ * o :1

Mr. Robhouse reported from the Committee, That they inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderbury, in the County I !l*rric Bl1

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended

of Wilts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords

mittee, be printed for the Members of the House.

from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

Message

O

toa^dto Simm;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign

Bill to amend Medicine Duly Act.

Mr. Garthjhore presented to the House, pursuant to their Proceeding* Order of the 2d day of May lad, of the Artlun

N° 1. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners to NavalJt V' of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th Departments October 1801, for increasing the Salary of the Comptroller rre<eate of the Navy: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 19th October by the Com- 1801, for limiting the Travelling Charges of that Board;

And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for limiting the Allowance to the Members of that Board for Subsistence and Travelling Expences, dated 27th Octoberi8oi: And also.

N° 4. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, " Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His dated 26th November 1801, for establishing a distinct " present Majesty, (or granting Stamp Duties on certain Office in that Department for the Examination of Agents " Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof, and Storekeepers Accounts: And also,

" and for making effectual provision for the better col- N° 5. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners " lection of the said Dutieswithout any Amendment; of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 21ft May 1802,

ComRepi-latioa Bill

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, " An

Ink

containing an Establlshment of Officers and Artificers for His Majesty’s Yards at Gibraltar and Halifax: And also,

N° 6. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 10th March Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February 1802, for placing the Foremen of Shipwrights, including " one thousand eight hundred and three, the Trices at which those called Foremen Afloat and Foremen of New Work,

" Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great on a footing with the Matter Boat-builders: And also,

" Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great BritainN° 7. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 8th August for continuing the said Act; and for permitting the Ex- 1802, enforcing the Duties of the Committees composed portation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and of the Members of that Board: And also, the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland; N° 8. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners without any Amendment: And also, of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, relative to the lle-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to ceiptr. Management, and Conversion of Timber, dated 23d indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves September 1802; inclosing.

for Offices or Employments in according to Law;

without any Amendment: And also, i The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

l tMl. transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

Instructions to the Master Shipwright respecting the Management of the Timber:

Instructions to the Clerk of the Checque respecting the Management of Timber:

Instructions to the Storekeeper respecting Timber: Instructions to the Timber Master: And also,

N° 9. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners

,*'1

making more effectual provision within Ireland, for the of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th Fe-punishment of Offences in wilfully calling away, sinking, bruary 1803, for establishing a Department for the better burning, or destroying. Ships and Vessels, and for the more execution of the Duties appertaining to Navy Contrafts; convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies; without any And also,

Amendment: And also, N° 10. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admi-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, fir increasing enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dor ft and the Salaries of the Clerks in the Victualling Department

Corner jet Canal Navigation, to raile a further sum of Money towards completing the said Canal; and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 36th year of the reign of llis present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also, wtM kords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

1 . for inclosing that part of the Common called The Pease Morjk, which lies within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Vql. 5%.

at Gibraltar, dated the 4th May 1803.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers,

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

--C\C\Cs\(> An

564

29°

jiinii.

•u them Whale fliery Bill, fll-d.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the limits of the Southern curity of the United Kingdom, and for

/o alien Ma-\ ht a u rers ill, deferred.

Whale Fishery, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill'to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the clay being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the third time;

the Housewas moved, That an Act, made in the 42d. year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Ad to enable such Officers, Marines, and Soldiers, as i4 have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, u or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since " the twenty-fourth year of 11 is present Majesty’s reign, to' exercise Trades," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word cf now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon Friday next."

And the Question being put, That the word of now," stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative. ' '

And the Question being put, That the words " upon " Friday next," be added at the ‘ end of the Question , ...

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Friday next.

prosecution of the War, be now read And the said Order being read ac< Ordered, That the said Report b confidetation Tommorrow.

d. 1803.

the more vigorous

taken into further

Com puttee of Su ii’iy-

on S’: the Co ot r tui.n

of

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to ILs Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *,

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 14th day of Tim a T-port this instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Survey and Report of the Coasts and central Highlands of Scotland, made, by the command of the light honourable the Lords CommilT.cners of His Ma;etiy>s Treasury, in the Autumn ol 1802, was referred, be reierred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

• Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rclblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

Mr. Alexander a\fo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

T

fs®

jjiM I

T

U

ye

id

s'.

7

yh ■1:111 ll ['£&

LII

»7*

E;C:i Lu ii

till for railing n aiUliiiunal U1 In ivy Foice i England, e-LomimUal.

Con fider cd.

Ordered That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Pieport of the Bill to enable His Majesty more eflettually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the House being; informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole Huufc.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

1 The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they Rad gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto *, which they had directed him to report, when the House wall please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, ported. Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to v the House •, and he read the Report in his place *, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout*, and then a second time, one by one •, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to J by the House.

p Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation ol Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excite on Spirits and Malt di(filled and made in h dandy be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly }

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Irirti additional Cu.ltor.is Dutit-s Bill, committed.

:b!,

lit!

H

'r 0-

-v

ft

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of two Acts made in the 4ad year of the reign of His present Majesty, and in this Session of Parliament. as relates to the Duties on Saltpetre imported into Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions •, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee on Duties on Saltpetre imported int& Ireland.

■ lv".y.pri7 Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into for-

I Military Force

ther confidetation the Report of the Bill to enable His Mail in Scotland, jesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland^ an \‘* . additional Military Force for the better Defence and Se-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th year of the reign ot His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the nego-" ciation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills ot Exchange,

" under a limited lum *," and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louie, upon the said Bill.

Irish Promt ifory Notes Bill?

comiuRiuL

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-12; of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pav and

t

Cl..;uhmr. ■-

43 Geo. III.

29°-—30° yunii.

565

Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts ing new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and alto new Du-Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such ties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Com-Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances ,million, was re-committed;

Into

WrkfflPn* Bi, pilled.

in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in and for

other purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur-tepertv, &c. ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of personal Property, and from Professions and Trades therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

Monal

Duty Bill, der'ened.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for'con- Assessed solidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act Taxes Con. or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of fol^,oa the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Act, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, fnittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Lowtik Bill,

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Mr. Nicholas Vcinjittart presented to the House, accord- granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Means, deterred.

ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Accounts

rcferrcdto Committee on Scotch Li»ht. koulc.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and in the five pre-cedingyears, be referred to the Committee appointed to

Anno

Prayers.

Jovis, 30° die

Regis, 1803.

43

Georgii IIl,il

consider of erecting a Rock, on the Eastern Coast trance of the Firth of Forth.

Lighthouse on the

of Scotland, near

Bell or Cape to the cn-

Mlt. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Beam He?

the Bill for inclosing;

| ^®8®it!ceon

I fofort of 1 Jnit’on re.

i'T.g

I India *«Docki 1 "ttoerred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Wlfef | ^idating

and improving a certain tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of in the Parish of Nantwick, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing fider of the Report which was made from the Committee, Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose name been complied with; and that the Committee had exa-are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to, and others, concerned in the Trade between Great Britain be true; and that the parties concerned had given their and the East Indies and China, was referred; consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself (except 76 persons, who have Right of Common upon the into the said Committee. bu el Heath, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also except

. 136 persons who are neuter; and that the whole number of

The Order of the day being read, for taking mto further persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Heath consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole are about 800; and that no person appeared before the House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several pro- Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee visions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was recommitted;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

lndol'urc

reported.

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that James Cooper and Thomas Hough, who petitioned this House upon Tuesday \Wkq Order of the day being read, for taking into further last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or counsel, against

consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole the said Bill, declined being heard upon their said House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties Petition;

under the management of the Commissioners for the The Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the k" granting new Duties in certain _cases therein men- Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

for

boned ’> for"repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conftxufted by Coachmakers, and grant-Vol. 58.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

k$OOle Sir

566

30'

vVokeir.g icloiure Btti, ported.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Tyth-ing of Sutton next Wokeing, in the Parish of , in

the County of Surrey, was committed i That the Com-

fumL 1803.

an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

6

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Scotch MilitU

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders ing of the Bill for providing Relief for the Families of Mi- Fam‘lies of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been " ’ " n 1 pa e

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.14. 8j. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 2. 6 s. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 152. 1 s.; and that no person iappeared before the Committee to oppose

litia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service, pa * be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Setvice.

Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Eastindia

H

•A:

‘tie

As

;SU

■:K

the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the Wet Docks

ords

nendment Alderbury rlolure Bill, *ecd to.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fbverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of ,in

the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 32.? Leave out " only one" and insert & 33. i " none."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord ships.

►Vronton icloiure Bill, and

A Bill for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, Precincts of Wroxton and Balfcot, in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Action of bnd Owners igtunft. orton, &c.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Morton and Hamlet of Fijkerton, in the Parish of Rolleston, in the County of Not-icloiure Bill, ting ham, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands within the said Parish of Morton and Hamlet of Fijkerton', and setting forth,

; That if the fame should pass into a Law, it will prove very

■ injurious to their interests: And therefore praying. That

they may be heatd, by their counsel, or agents, against the .. said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. -

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

_ JJiU

whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Improve- recommitted, ment of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at Blackwall, for the accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Report on the 22d day of this instant June, was made from the Coni- h°ndon Port mittee, to whom the Bill to authorize the advancement of n^[n’eratn further sums of money out of the Consolidated Fund, to further con-be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London by fidaed* the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

i A.

li

‘^■Report

Supply.

!> land Navi-

V lion in

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a turn, not ex.ceed’.ng Twenty Thousand Pound$,be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the expence of making

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Order for cer the 25th day of May last, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Abstracts of the Accounts transmitted corn, weekly for the last ten years, pursuant to the 31ft III. discharged. c. 30. § 80. by the Collectors or principal Officers of the Customs, at every Port in Great Britain, of the quantities of the several forts of Corn (particularly distinguishing Barley, and Beer or Bigg, or Chester) or of Malt, Meal, or Flour, shipped in their respective Ports, and the Ports or places in Great Britain to which such Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour (distinguishing as above) was intended to be carried; also of the Accounts of the quantities of the several forts of Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, brought Coast-wife each week into each such Port, and the name of the Port or place from whence the fame was brought, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

3 The

43 Geo.

30° Ju

&67

t; -iitivtto The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 33d the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the ) i-ndiy year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and

on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from

tied-

year

" Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly So-" defies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be established under the said Ad, to rectify mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame

J^rt rein-tir? to Dutiei or. Mitpetrc

imported into lrcoad.

l, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt

distilled and made in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committeei

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

w r\j , r , Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

Mr. Mamdir, according to Order reported from the ^ , in the BiH and tb, he was dlreftei

Commiliee of the whole House, to whom it was referred b the Committee to move, that they may have leave to to consider of so much or two Acts, made in the 42a year a^ajn '

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mruftko*

of the reign of His present Majesty, and in this Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Saltpetre imported into Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on Saltpetre imported into Ireland, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Irish currency, be charged on every One hundred weight of Saltpetre imported into Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in beiand, is committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Committee oq IrihPro-auiiory Notes

m.

re'.o ve

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in tire 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Ne-" gociation of Promissory Notts and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited fumand also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Irish Custon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to "d Excise consider further of the Bill to amend several Acts of Par- eliii*UOn liament, for the better collection and security of His Ma- deferred* jesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations for the like purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for au- b;u for thorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and regulating Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the vofonte purpose of being trained together; and for subjecting to Corps, military discipline, during the war, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive conllant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Haxvkesbury, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ordered*

BUI for raid an addition Military Fo

The ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to raite and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the ;n Engianc United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous profecu- patted, tion of the War, was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way ot ltyder, declaring what service of notice shall be deemed good notice.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder, had gone through the Bui, and made several Amendments — - -

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the P,eport be received Tommorrow.

twmttttTO Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to HMiiu* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cluathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummer-, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not he embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia, during Peace, be now Tead.

And the said OrdeT being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker Tefumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 9. After " Parish" to insert "before the " 2zd day of June 1803."

Pr. 9. 1. 39. To leave out from " any" to " and, " and insert " licensed Teacher of any " separate Congregation in Holy Or-" tiers, or pretended Holy Orders, and " not carrying on any trade or exercis-" ing any other occupation for his " livelihood " itiflead thereof.

Pr. 10. I. 3. To leave out from " licensed " to " one" in 1. 6.; and insert " on or before the " 8th day of March 1803" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty more

jnfh.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional - - Military Force, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the W ar.

That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their concurrence.

vJiOO Mr.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the'House to ttfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon VOL. 58.

568

30° Junii-—1°

A. 1803.

81

nil for railing Mr. Secretary at War pretented to the House, according

■liilwry Force Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to

i Ireland, raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force relented. for better defence and security of the United Kingdom,

and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War: And he tame was received; and read the first time. kcfolved. That the said Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

M for TzKing The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur-niTtary Force *her consideration the Report of the Bill to enable His Ma-i Scotland, jesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an •committed, additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

tribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property

and Offices, therein described, is re-committed.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, to13/ That they have Power to alter and make the said Bills into ^Vn/Rai c:5' one Bill.

into one Bill,

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Loncrks Bin, Money, to be raised by Lotteries, was, according to Order, mi read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself 0"°* . into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition k-Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the

Bili.

nlidered.

rported.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir James Pulteney accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterWards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one

Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto Dock* subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, and others, concerned in the Trade between Great Britain and the East Indies and China, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

hi

Veneris, 1° die Julii;i

Anno 430 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

ORD Charles Somerset Manners reported from the Fenditton Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosure Bill,

» o' o' re do r red

and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common p Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Fenditton, in the and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, County of Cambridge, was committed; rpi--‘- *-u- 0

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

pi for grant- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon i‘operty^S °n Tuesday last, for taking into further consideration, To-

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 'found the lame to.be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except a Proprietor whose Estate is assessed to the Land Tax at £.16. 16 j. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and

-committed, morrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole also the Proprietors of Estate?'assessed at £.3. 16 s. per

House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for annum, who were neuter; and*that the whoVe property be

- n . .• 0 .1 r, . n 1 ,u.

a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices, therein described, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

longing to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.200. 12 s.per annum-, and that no person appeared before the Committee to of pole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

■erfonat The House was also moved. That the Order, made yes-utyBu’l, C" ter day, for taking into further consideration, Tommorrow, Mr. Henry reported from the Committee, to chailton

-committed the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ^cj(,rcg

sramitoe. the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to Open or Commonable Lands and Fields within the repotted.

be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain de- P arishes of and Charlton Machrcll, in the

i feriptions of personal Property, and from ProfeCfions and County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee

Trades therein mentioned, was committed, might be read, had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of

And the said Order being read accordingly; the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. plied with; and that the Committee had examined the

And the House being informed that several other Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that

' 1 Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Con- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

place;

.£ a

*1

tfe.

Denier

Firing* &t»

(til, jMiicu.

loar-.

• i?

all

43 Geo. III.

T

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one •, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York, and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were fe\terally p'roposed to be made to the Bill; viz>,

Pr. 17. 1. 19. To leave out from mentioned" to " and " in 1. 34.

Pr. 18. 1. 14. To leave out from the beginning of the line to "and" in J‘r. 19. 1. 15.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by thfc House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refohed, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein.

Ordered, That Mr; Henry LaJ'celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Tout’s Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitdled, An Act for *:,i’ naturalizing MatthewTinne, was read a feet in d time, amnuik. Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Rlacklurne of Lancashire, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fnc of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Writing An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting., and inclosing* i^urciill, f|lc Cortunon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Tyth-ing of Sutton next IVokeing, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, was read the third time.

Refohed', That the Bill do pals: And tl«:t the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor £ nd Tything of Sutton next IVokeing, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carrj the Bill to the Lords, and define their concurrence.

•'■cUK/n-P-:.on of TiGlMS tilftOQ.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Tu of Star though Castle, in

’. the County of Surrey, Baronet, was delivt red in at the Table, and read; setting forth, That at the last election of a Representative to l'erve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the room of the Right honourable George Tierney, who had accepted the place of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, the said Right honourable George Tierney and the Petitioner were Candidates; that the said Right honourable George Tierney was, by himself and agents, guilty of bribery, and of other undue, illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable practices, in order to procure himself to be elected and returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that divers Minifors, and other servants under the Crown of Great Britain, did use the powers of office in the said election, in favour of the said •Right honourable George Tierney, and in defiance of the Resolution of the House of the 10th day of December 1779; and that many perfions, not entitled to vote in the find election, were admitted by tire Returning Officer to poll few the Right honourable George Tierney; and that h-a.'iy persons who were entitled to vote, and who tendered their votes for the Petitioner, were rfejeded; and that the Petitioner, having demanded that the natr.es of all persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were rejected, should beinferted in the Poll Book, as having tendered for him their votes, the said Right honourable George Tierney did strenuously object to the lame, and prevailed on the Re-Vot. 58.

’ulik

turriing Officer to refuse to comply with the said demand j and that, by means of such refusal, many persons duly entitled to Vote at such election, and who came with intent to vote for the Petitioner, were prevented from making a regular and formal tender of their votes; and that a feruttny having been demanded by the Petitioner, and granted, the Votes of nuny persons who were entitled to vote, and who had voted for the Petitioner, were {truck off the Poll; and that the votes of many persons who were not entitled to poll; and Who had voted for the said Right honourable George Tierney, were confirmed} and that divers Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other persons, having possession of the Parish Books of the several Parishes in the said Borough, did, during the poll and lerufiny, constantly refuse to the Petitioner, his counsel, and agents, the in-speftion of the said Books, and did frequently, during the said lcrutiny, by the procurement and under the sanction of the said Right honourable George Tierney, refuse to produce the said Books in evidence, though repeatedly requested by the High Bailiff so to do, by which means the said scrutiny was rendered ineffectual to the Petitioner; and that by these means the said Right honourable George Tierney procured himself to be returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That a day may be appointed for taking the above premises into consideration, and for giving to the Petitioner such relief as he may be entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Wednesday, the 24th day of August next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties; accompanied, with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their count'd, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Fishermen of and Petition of

Quay, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, ^il|‘ehrmcn of and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating cef- again!?* tain Persons, and their succesl'ors, by the name of " The Fidiing Com* Fishing Company," fot more effectually supplying the pauy s Blll‘ Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their establishment; and setting forth. That the whole dependence of the Petitioners is entirely upon the Fishery in the British Channel for the support of themselves and their families, who must be greatly injured, if not totally ruined} should the said Bill pass into a Law:

And therefore praying the House to take their case into consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Tiv-rfon Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the eiedt- Writ, ing of a Burgess, to l’erve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, now Lord Har-rozvby, called up to the House of Peers.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Amr.ndmeni An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- jndofareBl mons, Modes, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of agreed to. Heversham, in the County of IVefhnoriand. ~ I

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol- J

loweth; viz.

& 36. ) " be " in line 38, and insert " in case

" such parcels, of the said Commons " and Waste Grounds were inclosed and ring-fenced, and let on a lease or

7 F fnnn lease

€C

570

V Juln.

A. 1803.

Pr. 18. 1. i.

" leases for a term of twenty years, Forfarjliire, on the North fide, ann Fifcness on the SouthV *c subject to the payment by the Left and is about five miles on the outside of a line drawn be-" fee or Lessees of all parochial Rates* 'tween these two points: That it lies in a North-eall and " Taxes, and Assessments." South-weft direction, and is dangerous for about three

Leave out from " Britain " to " which,’* (quarters of a mile, and for about two-thirds of that length

" * - r\ i l*i*

in line 17.

L 2z.\ After " compensation " insert * and ex-« 23. J " tinguithment."

Pr. 19. I.27.) Leave out from "Commissioners" to & 28. | " be " in line 30, and insert " in case

" such parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds were inclosed

!'• 33* *r.io. 1.19.

1- 39* 1. ult.

is dry at low water: That the North-east end, which is the highest and broadeftpart, continues dry till half flood: That there is very ‘deep water dole to it all round, except at the South-weft point, where it is flat or (hallow, which extends about a quarter of a tnile, and in that direction the danger from (hallow wate/ extends further: That the

__________ breadth of the Reck is about 150 yards, and its length,

and ring-fenced, and let on a lease or including the South-weft point, half a mile: That the leases for a term of twenty years, Losses on this Rock have been many, perhaps more than is

generally known 5 because in many cases all the persons on board the vessels have been loft: That from the rugged-nels of the surface of the Rock, the vessels driven on it are almost instantly ciashed to pieces by the wavesand the Rock being cover ed at half flood* leaves no hopes of any of the lives being 1 lived, more particularly in gales of wind blowing on the shore in the night-time* and in thick weather: That ships coming from the North are deterred by dread of this Rock from coming near the land and making for the Firth of a place of safety j and being there-

'* .... - - 1 r. i

subject to the payment by the Left fee or Lessees of all parochial Rates, " Taxes, and Assessments."

Leave out from " Britain " to " which,’* in Press 20. line 9.

After " Compensation " insert " and ex-" tinguishment."

Leave out " be."

Leave out from " Commissioners" to of" in Press 21. line 3. and insert

in case such parcels of the said Com- fore obliged to ftee r to the Northward, are often driven on

mons and Waste Grounds were inclosed and ring-fenced, and let on a lease or leases for a term of twenty years, subject. to the payment by the Lessee or Lessees of all parochial Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, be altogether."

shore, and wrecket!; and ships (leering along (bore on the South are induced to run lo far from the land, that when the wind blows strong from off the land, they are often unable for several da ys to regain it; That if a Lighthouse were erected on tl iis Rock, ships, instead of avoiding it as they now do, wou Id in thick weather be glad of finding it,

p * —o----- wishing to afeerta in their situation, from not having before

rr; it. 1. 5* Leave out from " money" to " which," made the land, 0:r being out of their reckoning, or from in line 16. ^ the influence of tl ie tides; but a Lighthouse upon it would

1.24. After " compensation " insert " and ex- serve as a beacon, from which they would (hape their h, . * tinguishment." course for the Fit th of Forth, or for the River Fay, of in

lne laid Amendments being severally read a second any other direct ion for safety: That in gales of wind at time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, East and South-e; id, it sometimes happens that ships bound j *°j t! ie ^ou^' to Sunderland, to Shields, and to the Southward, not being

rdered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to able, although 1 mloaded, to take the bars of these Ports,

the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

' u

are obliged to ftt :er North for the Firth of Forth; and in such gales, ships as far South as Yarmouth are liable to be driven on the Ea ft Coast of Scotland, and to be wrecked on this Rock: Tha t in a very hard gale of wind in the year

* - 1 rf*

aUcd,

tormby- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* ——

adosure^Bill ^le fcveT2d Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, i8co> a great n lany of a large fleet that broughMo 0 '|T"J ’ Commons,^nd Waste Lands, within the Manor and Town- Flamborough Hea d> were wrecked all along the halt c,oalt

ftup of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the of Scotland, and even as far North as Shetland shut a County of York, was read the third time. Lighthouse had been erected on the Bell Rocky it might

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, have enabled th* to avoid the danger: That besides the An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township benefit which tl ie Coasting Trade would derive from this of Barmby-upon-DunHy in the Parish of Barmby~upon~Dunny Lighthouse, the j Greenlandy Hudsons Bay, Archange/, the in the West Riding of the County of York. n';"e he arftSLllv bc"

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

IcpOTt tative to *cting a ghthouse f Gotland*.

Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee appointed to consider of erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell

White Sea, and . Baltic ships, would likewise be greatly be nefited: The Gi -eenland and Archangel ships on their retur make Abb' s Head, when they have not made ness, and confet questly are exposed to danger from th^ Rock and the ships coming from the to any of the

Ports North of the are likewise Co exposed, g

or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near to the desirous of makl ing vantage of* the Wefternfy winds:

entrance of the Firth of Forth, That the Committee had the land to hav e £s Urtkubr\^ convoys in

examined the matter to them referred, and had directed That the retun ring avoid 7 Reef on the Coast

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the time of war, ftei :r ar Snnthemlv course nearly down

House-, and he read the Report in his place and after- of d a nd in gales of wind at^East-South-east, be-

wards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, Mid-Channel, a . 6. , Coast of Scotland, are

Where Ihel&twas »d Le rf *.

" have proceeded ,0 — Evidence griper, of h? -de of " "X

Vith respect to the Stun.ion of the said Rock-the beneRte from Amnce« >d the Wg» exposed which would arise to the Trade and Navigation of the King- neys to their difl eren > * considered as

dom, front . Ughthonfe the, eon-end® the precYtcebrht, tc. thet W den ge: ^ the

Honour* cXoUhe K. ingdora, notWi,

able Captain Cochrane, oiHis Majesty’s Navy (a Member houses: That tl ie purposes which a Eighthouse

of this House) of Captain James Dunbar, of the Royal Navy, and of Mr. Murdo Downie, Master in the Royal Navy (who made a Survey and Charts of the East Coast of Scotland, which were published by the approbation of the Lords of the Admiralty) *—all of whom were occasionally stationed on the Coast of Scotland, and well acquainted

...UW +U- U-u "

with the Bell or Cape Rock: That this Rock is situated fct the opening of the Bay, formed by the Red Head in

Rock is intended to answer, could not be effected by any L’ghthouses to be ere fled on (bore, because in thick weather, the time- of the greatest danger, such Lighthouses could not be fe en •, wl tereas the Bell Rock may be approached very nej.r without danger, from the deep soundings all round it, except at the South-east, and vessels

can safely approach so as to see the light in the thickest weather*

It

571

43 Geo. Ill* 1° Yulih

It is agreed, by all the persons examined, that it is practicable to erect a Lighthouse on this Rock, upon principles similar to those of the Lighthouse; but

that the expenCe will be considerable. That this Rock is not, however, so much exposed as the Eddyjione is, the swell of the Eastern Sea not being equal to that of the Western Ocean. That it appears that a sufficient foundation might be prepared on the North end of the Rock; where the surface is highest, and of greatest dimensions. That artificers could work five hours at the times of each low water in the day-time of the summet months; and that if the building should be of masonry, the stones to form it might be prepared on fltore, marked and numbered, and carried off to the Rock, and properly placed.

Your Committee have annexed the Extract of a Letter addrell'ed.to the Earl of A 'orthejby Mr. Charles,

Mailer in the Royal Navy, dated 17th September 1801, containing the result of a Survey which he made of the . Cape or Bell Reck-, which Letter was transmitted by his Lordship to the Lords Comm I ill oners of the Admiralty', and in consequence of an order of Vour Committee, was lent by their Lordships.

Your Committee have likewise in(pe<5bed the Plan to which the said Letter refers, but have not thought it ne-cefl'ary to annex it.

Your Committee next proceeded to examine the several Act, which have passed for erecting Lighthouies in the Northern parts of the Kingdom, and find, that an Act passed in the 26th year of 11 is present Majesty, " for erect-ing certain Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great Britain" and that the Commissioners therein named were authorized to erect four Lighthouses, one at naiitl's Herd, in the County of Aberdeen; one on the Island of North Ronddjha, in the Orkneys-, one on the Point of Sctdpa, in the Island of Herries; and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyrc. By this Act the Commissionersare authorized

tocolledl and take a Duty of One Penny sterling per ton on British ships passing any of the Lighthouses, and Two Pence for every Foreign ship. But that vessels, though passing the whole of them, should only pay once; and refills employed in the Greenland Fishery, or going to Archangel, or returning from thence, provided they return before the 15th September in each year, are exempted front Duties. The Commissioners are authorized to borrow £• 1,000 upon the security and credit of the Duties. But it is provided, that if liny surplus shall remain after the ne-ceilary expenditure, the same shall once in every year be veiled in one or other of the Public Funds of the Kingdom, and shall be allowed, together with its interest, to accumulate, until the'yearly interest of the same shall amount to a turn equal to defray the whole annual expence attending the Lighthouses, and that then and in that case the sums that shall have been heretofore payable by the several ships and vessels passing the said Lighthouses, shall W0 fNlo cease, detertmine, and be no longer payable; and the Commissioners are by this Act likewise directed to transmit. once in every year. Accounts of their Receipts and Dilbiirfements to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treal'ury, and to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs at Edinburgh, to be presented to both Houses of

Parliament*

Another Act, passed in the 28th year of His Majesty, authorizing an additional Duty of One Halfpenny to be levied on British ships, and One Penny on Foreign ships, and gave powers to borrow a further sum*

By another Act of the 29th of His Majesty, the Com-tviissioners were authorized to build a fifth Lighthouse on I'/ada, near the Island of Arran; and further, when the produce of the Duties on the Tonnage of Ships should enable them so to do, to cause such other Lighthouses to be eredlccl upon any other parts of the Coast of Scotland, as they should deem necessary.

Another Act passed in the 38th year of His Majesty, for incorporating the said Commissioners, by the name of " Tiie commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses."

Tour Committee find, by a communication from the said Commi flicners, that, in pursuance of the several Acts, they have eredlod the following Lighthouses:

On Kinnaird's Head.

On North Ronaldjha,

Vol. 58. -; -

On the Point of Scalpa.

On Mull of

A distinguishing Lighthouse on plaid.

Two Lighthouses oh the largest of the Pent land Skerries in Orkney.

A high Tower or Beacon on the Start Point of San-day, in Orkney, intended to be converted into a Lighthouse.

And that the Commissioners are about to erect a Lighthouse on the Island of Inch Keith, in the River

It further appears, from the Accounts of the said Com-rtiilfioners presented to this House, and referred to Youf Committee, that the amount of the Duties, as Hated in the last Account presented on the 6th December 1802, in the year ending 5th July 1802, was 4,386. 7 $d.}

and that in the year ending the said 5th July 1802, they had expended for repairs of Lighthouses 1,983. 19J. 3*/.*

and for oil £.780} and that by the surplus Duties the Com-1

missioners had been gradually enabled to purchase £.22,000 in Government $-per~Ceni. Annuities, intended as a perma-

nent fund for defraying the expence of maintaining the several Lighthouies.

It appears to Your Committee, from the Accounts of four years, that the amount of the Duties received on an average of thel’e four years, preceding the 5th July 1802, was £. 3,689. 1 s.; and that the average expence relating to the said Lighthouses, for the fame period of four years, was £. 1,961, 1 s-.; but during the first of these four years the expence was much under the after eXpences.

It appears to Your Committee, from the said Report of the Commissioners, that various Estimates have been lug-gefted as to the expence of erecting a proper Lighthouse, but that the amount of the expence is very uncertain; and that the present Duties may not for a long time enable the Commissioners to defray the probable expence of eroding, finishing, completing, and maintaining a Lighthouse _on the Bed or Cape Rock j and as it appears from the evidence, that it is of great importance that such Lighthouse should be erected with as little delay as possible, it will be expedient to authorize the Commissioners to levy and take further Duties for that purpose, with power to borrow a further sum on the credit of the said Duties;

« APPENDIX.

Extract of a Letter addressed to the Earl of Northejh, by Charles Roberts, dated 17th September 1802; containing the result of a Survey which he made of the Cape or Bell Rockon the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near the entrance of the Firth of Forth, which was transmitted by his Lordship to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

To the Right honourable the Earl of Northejk.

My Lord,

In consequence of the number of vessels which have been wrecked on the Cape or Bell Rock within these last four years during my residence in this neighbourhood, I was induced to examine its situation, extent, and * with respect to the different Points and Headlands in its vicinity; and, in order to accomplish the fame, I made an actual Survey of part of the adjacent Coast, and went out in a boat to the Rock, and placed my Theodolite on the N. E. part of it, which is the highest and out of tvater, and took the following bearings, and afterwards calculated the distances, viz. Montrose Nefs, N. 90 24' VV. fourteen miles and three quarters; the Redhead, N. 16' 24' W. nine miles and a half; the Pierhead of Arbroath, N. 420 W. eight miles and a half; the Bluff Point of the Sands of Barry to the North of the entrance of Fay, N. 79" W. ten miles j the Eastermost Steeple of St. Andrew's, S. 67° 26' W. twelve miles and three quarters; Balcome House, S. 38° 4* W* ten miles; Fife Nefs, S. 340 44' W. nine miles and three quarters j and the Lighthouse on the Isle of May,

S. 200 26' W. thirteen miles and three quarters.

This dangerous Rock trenches in a line towards Fife Nefs, S. 240 VV; It is bold and steep too, except on the S. W. end, where it runs off in a flat. On the inside of it, close to the Rock, there are twelve fathom water; and on the outside, from sixteen to twenty-two. The breadth of the lloek is a hundred and ten yards j its length near

half

sn

1° Jul

A. 1803.

half a mile; dry at low water. On the N. E. ehd the fur-face is Very uneven; but in general the Rocks are from four to eight feet above the low-water mark for nearly a quarter of a mile, and at high-water spring tides there may be from ten to twelve feet over the highest part of them, as the tide rises at the lprings about twenty feet; and then, if the wind is in any direction off the land, it becomes particularly dangerous, as from the smoothness of the water in consequence thereof, there is then no break, and its landmarks are so distant, that if there is any haze on the shore they cannot be seen; and at all times in the night, which is particularly long on this Coast in winter, land-marks can be of rto service in avoiding this dangerous Rock, which has proved the destruction of many vessels, loss of much property, and sacrifice of numbers of lives.

This dangerous Rock lies in the fair way of vessels navigating along the Coast from North to South and from South to North, as also those to and from the East Country, particularly bound to the Ports within the Firth of Forth, Dundee, Arbroath, Montroje, and Aberdeen; it is also particularly dangerous for His Majesty’s ships which may be cruizing or failing along this part of the Coast of , Scotland.

For some time past it has been in agitation among the Ship Owners, Matters, and Seamen of this part of the Coast t)f Scotland, to take the dangerous situation of this Rock, with respect to the navigation of the Coast, under their particular consideration, and endeavour to fall on the readied means to induce Government to give its aid and assistance to remove this bane of sailors, by erecting a Light-hdufe thereon for the guiding of ships along the Coast, and facilitating the navigation thereof; and in consequence of representations made by them to the Commissioner for Arbroath, at the meeting of the Royal Burghs of Scotland at Edinburgh, to bring forward the fame, he did so; and they ordered tome of their Members to correspond with the Commissioners for the Northern Lights respecting the matter; and some estimations have been made of the expence of and erection for a Light on the said Rock, and also the Duty necessary to be laid on the Tonnage of Vessels navigating the East Coast of requisite to defray

the expence of the fame.

Which Duty appeared to be but trifling; but it was

The Lords have pa lied

Lord Staweir$ E.tite Bill.

firing and CattJJmll, in the Parities of G. Miming, Chid ding-fold, Haslemere, and Compton, in the County of Surrey; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing riew Trustees for the purposes of certain Settle-merits made upon and after the Marriage of the Right honourable Henry Lord Slazveil with Mary Gurzon, Spinster, now the Right honourable Mary Lady St aw ell, and for. other purposes; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the day being read for taking into further Bill refP«aing Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole p^aI House, to whom the Bill to amend the Laws relating to rc-conulntted. Spiritual Persons holding ot Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England>

\vas committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refo/vedy That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/vedy That this House will, immediately, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considerei Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole CareWy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Pole Carew accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and,

~ v ir,---— ~ —d * uiruugnuui; anu men a iccunu nine, uuc uy vuv,

also found that it required an Act of Parliament to autho- Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed rize the levy of this Duty, and therefore it would be ne- tQ t^e p[ouse>

_ _ 1 I J _ __ 1 a I _ i. i._^ X. i. 1 vv ... err f K * _ —.

ceflary also to apply to Parliament for that authority, which 1 understand, is to be done some time during the next Session; and such a circumstance taking eft'edt, would no doubt promote the interest of this part of Scotland, and render the navigation of the Coast thereof many advantages, by contributing in a high degree to the lafety of His Majesty’s ships which might at any time be cruizing for the protection of this part of His Majesty’s Kingdom, as well as those of the Merchants following their commercial views.

I have the honour to be, &c.

, , _ , . n Charles Roberts.

Letham, Sept. 17th 1802.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed for the Members of the House.

from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Woollen

Manufacturers Bill,

effage

The torils A M have agreed to Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied; without any Amendment: And also.

Subaltern OfHttrrs . Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill respecting the Woollen Manufacture;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, passed That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to repeal the Provisions, Regulations, and Restric-

in the thirteenth

tions, contained in certain Acts passed irish The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to year of the reign of King Richard the Second, the fifth and cnakle the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend sixth year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, the second /un’endments. certain sums of Money (Interest free) to Incumbents of and third of the reign of King and Queen and

Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling them to erect the fourth and fifth year of the fame reign, the forty-third or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, the fourth and twenty-Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and conve- first years of the reign of King James the First, the tenth nient for the credion of such Houses and Offices, and to year of thereign of Queen and the first and thirteenth make provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be years of the reign of King George the First, so far as the

ttvirle r,:,i n----- ...... r.-----A-----J fame relate to the length, breadth, and weight of Woollen

Cloths, the tentering, stretching, and (training, and the viewing, searching, and sealing of them, by Officers appointed for that purpose, the boiling of Wool with certain Ingredients, the prohibition of the use of Lambs Wool, the

sale

'll

'.. »l

GocUhnln*. . &c. liuloJiue J»ills with r- < fi'buentir

made by the said Commissioners; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors of Godal-

43 Geo. III.

1'

Julii

573

year of the reign of Queen Eliz, intituled, "An Act " containing divers orders for Artificers, Labourers, Ser-" vants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," so far as the fame relates to Apprenticediips in the Trade or Business of a Clothier, and in the several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of Weaving, Dying, and Cloth-dressing, in the fe-

in the said Port;

Resolved, That this House will, upon' Monday next, re-solve itself into tire laid Committee.

Committee of

supply.

Accounts, referred: Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

_...... _ _ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

veral Counties of Glov.ee/teulVII. is, and Somerset-, and likewise fide'r of the Report which was made from the Committee, reiwch'm

for permitting the exportation of certain Cloths unfhorn. to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names

& ..... "'■' ' ' are thereunto subserjbed, being Merchants, Ship Owners,

and others; concerned in the Trade between Great Britain and the Indies and China, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order’being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

for p:

Ordered, That Mr. Willi am do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

C.rftnm if tee < Report of Petifirn

a

Docks Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance cf an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one " thousand eight hundred and three," be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Chair of the

Sir Thomas Theopkilus Metcalfe took the Committee. ’ x

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Theopkilus Metcalfe reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kefoiution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Africa

Company.

CWm’J, That the Petition of the Committee of the Com- Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

piny of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the

laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading Bill for raisin

Money ilThed poriiunt fa A^eifes.

H'cip and flax.

Judges

buntu

Ordered, That the Account of all sums of Money which of the ingossed Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually c

to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military jn Scotland, Force for the better Defence and Security of the United paiTe-d. Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read. " "

And the said Order being read accordingly; ■' '

The said Bill was read the third time,.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 37. 1. 27. To leave out " an," and insert " any,"

■ in ffead thereof.

1. 28. After " passed" insert * or to be passed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Refohed, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the

have been ifllied by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of Bounties on the growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, remaining undisposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of Monies reierved in the Receipt of the Exchequer for Payment of the Judges Salaries, after satisfying all demands thereon, to 5th January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from tire Committee, Tint they United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution had come to several Resolutions; which they lnd directed of the War.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir St. Clair Erskine do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the King's Bci;c move, that they may have King's Bench Pril’on, waspresented to the House, and read; ^elnors

complaining ot their distress; and praying relief.; lection.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee cf

'sysiiui

Mtam.

Bill forraifir an additionalMilitary For in Ireland,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to The House* according to Order, resolved itself into a raiseand assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force Committee of the whole House, to consider further of lor the better Defence and Security of the United King- committed. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His dom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War,

Majesty. be now read.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Alexander took the Chairof the Committee. The said Bill was read a second time.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of

the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately^, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. -

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said CwtfidereiV

bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Committee.'

U . r.1 A/f- e 1.

leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply ’ granted to His Majesty.

* Isdi*

Bill,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, whpn The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- the House will please to receive the same, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Vol. 58. 7 Cr Mr.

Reported.

1* jullu

Into Rromillory Notes Bill, reported.

574

Mr. Hawthorne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whew the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re {train the negotiation of Pro-" mifl'ory Notes and Inland Bilk of Exchange under a * limited sum," and all'o an Act, made in the Parliament

A. 1803.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself ipto the said Confided. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Me. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences com-

Irift Militil Pay, See. JBtaJ reported.

of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign, mitted during the time such Militia shall not be embodied,

The Lords have agreed to

Kingston Sheetbridge Hoad Bill.

Waltham St.

Lawrence Inclosure Bill.

Irish Revenue

.Acts, to he considered.

to continue and amend the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon- Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a place called Sheet bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also in so much of the Manor of Hall as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for collecting and secur-" ing His Majesty’s Revenue upon Malt," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing " the Duties payable *n Home-made Spirits,’’might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of Sep-" tember one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, " made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh " year of the reign of His present Majesty, for regulating " the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the " Duties payable thereon; and also, for securing the Duties " payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being " Mai tilers or Makers of Malt, felling Malt by comonf-" fion or otherwise," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one 4‘ thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds " therein," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

11

and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing, improv- Exeter Road ing, and keeping in repair Exe Brid and ®*u»Pa"

Bridge, and the Roads leading thereto; and for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for other purposes relating thereto, was read the third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for enabling the Trustees to keep separate Accounts.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for permitting Persons having paid at the Kitmelly Gate, to pass through the Broadway,

free of Toll.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Billviz.

Pr. 30. 1. 28. To leave out " all other" and insert " of " the" instead thereof.

1. 29. After " thereto" to insert " such part less than three-fourths of whole of such Costs and " Charges."

I. 41. To leave out from " necessary" to " and" in Pr. 31. 1. 3.

Pr. 32. I.40. After "lime" to insert " except as here-" inafter mentioned."

To leave out " or on Exe Bridge."

To leave out from " ACt" to " or" in 1. 27.

Pr. 88. 1. 1. After " ACt" to insert " after paying the " expences of applying for and passing " the fame."

After " County" to insert " of Devon, or " City and County of the said City of " Exeter'

Pr. 1 or. 1. 24. To leave out " respective" and insert " last mentioned" instead thereof.

1. 32. At the end of the line, to add " and '

" other Costs, Charges, and Expences " incident thereto."

And

0

r

1

*1 . 0

!ln

ii

B

ih

Mr

Mr

Mr.

fuy

t

" not being " the

Pr. 36. Pr. 52.

1-35-

1. 2jJ.

1. 5.

-tf

•‘I:

43 Geo. III.

i°—2° jfuiil.

575

h

;V-.

[V.

Ur

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be* An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Wear'Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence*

Commit on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Lutterkt Bill, refoIve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To*-morrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

Caanittctott The House resolved itlelt into a Committee of the whole inUCustom* House, to consider further of the Bill to amend several IidftReju- Acts of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security bdon Bill. of fjjs Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excile in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations for the like purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 2° die

Anno, 43# Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803. IPrayirs.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing and improving a certain tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvafton, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and improving a certain tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Townfttip of Alvafton, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the ton-’ nage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of«Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the provisions of two Acts, passed in the thirty-Vpi. 58.

nU

agreed to

additional

itoms

cExcise

Bill

I^fiand

•waBiil.

ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-iirft years of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of Horse-hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof; tb, and to alter and amend the same as to, the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles of the Exchange of the said City of London-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia Field for augmenting the number of Field Officers, and other 0 &c'

Officers of Militia, within Great Britain -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch Road for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand ar‘

Pounds to be issued and applied towards making Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the Expence of making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bury and for enlarging the term, and altering the powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lincoln for inclosing Lands in the Pari (lies of Saint Nicholas, and lnr'0h)re ^.

o ' With Am°ndj

Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eastgate, Saint Mary- menu le-Wigford, Saint Martin, and Saint in the City of

Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a Com-* men Pasture. for the purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.' -

The ingrossed Bill to amend the Laws relating to Spirt- Bill respefim^ tual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Kelt-dence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England, paffiH.’ was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byway of Ryder, That where any Judgment shall have been obtained, and Execution lucd out previous to the passing of the Act, a Judge of the Court may order repayment of Money.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices inr England.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make irift Militia, provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of Fall'" Bil* ballot ted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the •rdeftd* Militia of Ireland :And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Corry, Mr.

Denis Browne, and Mr. Hutchinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland And that Mr. Militia Bill, Wickham, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Odell, do prepare, and bring ordered* in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkins do make the Report from the Report of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Petition to consider of the Report which was made from the Com- falundS mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Wet Dock* names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Bill* Owners, and others, concerned in the Trade between Great Britain and the East Indies and China, was referred.

Mr. Atkins accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed

' ^OOQTe %o

Tlrmo's N~t. Bill, lx^orted and i-’A fled

"Report

Supply.

Exchequer Bills.

African Forts.

Money issued pursuant to Addrtfles.

576

o

ulii.

A. 1803.

to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cicik’s Table: Where the fame was read * and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion or this Committee, That it is expedient that compeni’ation should be made to Ship-Buikiers and others for any lot's or damap;e they may fui-■ tain by means of the execution of the Works authorized to be done by a Bill, now depending in this House, for the further Improvement of the Port of Lwulr.i, by making Docks and other works at Blackwell for the accommoda* tion of the East India Shipping in the said Port.

..The said Resolution being read a lt-cond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said llesolution.

Mr. B a (lard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrotled Bill from the Lords,- intituled, An Act for naturalizing Matthevo Crane, was commuted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found -the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, And the said Bill was read the third time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's;

Ordered, That Mr. Bajlarddo carry the Bill to the Lords;

and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Air. Alexander, according to Older, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to ■report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth i viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five Millions, he granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That alum, not exceeding Sixteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Af rica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand three hundred and Fourteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to nuke good the like sum which has been issued by i

His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Ackireffes of this House,;

and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That Deficiency t a sum, not exceeding One hundred seventy-one thousand Four hundred Thirty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and j

One Fenny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the deficiency of the Grants for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and two.;

The said Resolutions being fevcra’ly read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' agreed -to by the House, p

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred I

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- ‘ ' k

ply granted to His Majesty, the Reloiutions which the ;[

Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at i-

the Clerk’s Tabic; Where the fame were read; and are as "

tblloweth; viz. c

Ac./b'W(/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Exchequer towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, die sum h

of Five Millions be raised by Leans or Exchequer Bills. >.

Ref jived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Monies towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there ^:

be iff tied and applied the sum of Six hundred and Twelve ju^»ntot 'Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, remaining in s*1*- f:,

the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies reserved for; r-g

Payment of the Judges Salaries.;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, £)’ for A: towards railing the Supply granted to His AHjesty, there -v

be issued and applied the sum of Thirty-seven thousand fi

One hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and fr

Eight Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies referred for the Payment of Bounties on the

growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain. A

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Counter- j.' towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a court- ouMfiOmf iff tervailing Duty of Seven Shillings and Seven Pence ported into; currency, be charged on every Barrel of Malt made in Irel21ld* «I Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland. -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Repealing A the several Duties now payable on Manufactures of Silk silkMamt- k mixed or unmixed with any other Material, and on Refined failures, &c. , A Sugars, being the Manufacture of Gr and ini- i’J’Jiand'1 ‘"tU■~-'l ported from thence into Ireland, do cease, and determine. * ’'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Counter- , A

towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the:

countervailing Duties herein after mentioned shall becharg- imported mtc A ed on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize following, of Ireland. M the Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from thence I ,j

into Ireland; viz. J:

Silk Manufacture:

For and upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, for ever}' Pound weight thereof - For and upon all Silk and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, for every Pound weight thereof - -

For and upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk, for every Pound weight thereof -

For and upon all Manufactures of Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every Pound weight thereof -

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, for every Pound weight thereof For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, for every Pound weight thereof ——

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, for every Pound weight thereof For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other materials, for every Pound weight thereof ——

Sugar refined:

For and upon all Sugar called Bastards White or Ground, for every Hundred weight thereof ——

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, for every Hundred weight thereof For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, for every Hundred weight thereof For and upon all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf, for every Hundred weight thereof -

For and upon all Sugar cabled Sugar Candy Brown, for every Hundred weight thereof For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy White, for every Hundred weight thereof For and upon all Sugar refined of any other fort, for every Hundred weight thereof

Irish Curroncy. C;-,.

£• s. d. •-?;•

o 2 6 1- Alb

:;-U

o 3 4

6! -39

o i

Ai

o 2 o I- fev.

o O 7*

(, v >;

o o io i r 'j:r<

o o 5 'A.jCj

o o 7 5 1

A:

I 3 IO

2 4 H 1;'

2 7 8 , ‘

■ I; '

2 11 2 1 A:;:

2 4 8 k '•A A A

2 11 2i -c

2 11 2 i i.;f

The

ft:

43 Geck III.

2°—4° Julii.

577

The fliid Resolutions being severally read a second time, in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re-toby the House. " Itrain the negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the * Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum and also an

said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas said Act.

btratiu*

Vanfitlart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

of certain Ankle* imported and exported,

prtiented.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- irish Militi: Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, ing of the ingrossed Bill, for defraying the Charge of the Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of; for holding ’

Merchandize, exported from Ireland, and alto certain Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals,

Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time in Ireland, is committed, That they have Power to make such Militia flaall not be embodied; and for making al-provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the 4th, 5th, and lowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

RijolvcJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland-, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals,

6th of the said Resolutions.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec-thcQwnthm for General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of the under-mentioned Articles imported into England, and exported therefrom, in

the three years ending the 5th January' 1793, and four years , n r -a. - .- . , -

ending 5th January Illoj; distinguishing each year, and the ?nd, for °*«* commuted during the me

fcrerafports;viz. L/IMia Goods in general, Sugar, Coffee, such M,hl,1,ftal1 «* bc '">b°d,ed for making a.I Cocoa-nuts, Pimento, Rum, Ginger, Cotton Wool, In- jnces, m certam cales, to Subaltern Ofecers of the cud So-

digo, Molasses, Tobacco, Rice, Elephants Teeth, Gum 1 ,un r,5ac.c*

Arabic, Gum Senegal, Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Silk Raw, . -U’at ¥r.- <•« B>U to the

Silk Thrown, Silk Wide, Barilla, Kelp, Rail!ns of all forts,

Prunes, Figs, Almonds of all lorts, Oil Olives Ordinary,

Salad Oil, Palm Oil, Oil of Turpentine, Train Oil, and other Fish Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head-matter, Whale-fins,

Foreign Linen of all forts, Balsam Capaiva, Cantharides,

Ginfang, Jalop, Manna, Opium, Quicksilver, Rhubarb,

Saffron, Mohair Yarn, Cotton Yarn, Bees Wax, Skins and

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order,- reported from the Repo-ton Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Kcvei to consider of certain Acts relative to the coJJeftion of the Aits’ Revenue of Ireland, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill

Furs, Chip Hats, Stmw Hats, Salt, ’Clover Seed, juniper

Berries, Bristlcs, Carpets of Turkey, Smalts, Feathers for Beds, Anchovies, Cork, Brimstone, Hemp, Iron, Tow,

Mahogany, Timber, Wood, Staves, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Rolin: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of the under-mentioned Articles imported into Scotland, and exported therefrom, in the three years ending the 5th January 1793, and four years ending 5th January 1803; distinguishing each year, and the several Ports; viz.East India Goods in general.

Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, Pimento, Rum, Ginger, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Molasses, Tobacco, Rice, Elephants Teeth,

Gum Arabic, Gum Senegal, Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Silk Raw, Silk Thrown, Silk W'afte, Barilla, Kelp, Raisins of all forts, Prunes, Figs, Almonds of all forts, Oil Olives Or-?

dinar)-. Salad Oil, Palm Oil, Oil of Turpentine, Train Oil, , t

and the, Fish Oil. Spermaceti Oil, Head-maticr; Whale- T "J0"7, be ?,ftd Lo, Kncs'

fiat. Foreign Linm o? all forts, Balsam Capaiva, Cimlra- comnm'cd' b' »P°" "'«•

of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal tale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in Ireland.

And Mr. Alexanden moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Bill, ordered the Acts now in force for securing the collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal saie of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in Ireland: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Cotry, and Mr. IVickham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Lotteries b whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Ma- deferitd* I

omif.

fes

rides, Ginlang, Jalop, Manna, Opium, Quicksilver, Rhubarb, Saffron, Mohair Yarn, Cotton Yarn, Bees Wax, Skins and Furs, Chip Hats, Straw Hats, Salt, Clover Seed, Juniper Berries, Bristles, Carpets of Turkey, Smalts, Feathers for Beds, Anchovies, Cork, Brimstone, Hemp, Iron, Tow, Mahogany, limber. Wood, Staves, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Rosin.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House,

The laid Accounts are preservd among the other Papers of this Session.

•The ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 4° Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii III"1 Regis, x 803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Affd Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, 1

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-;

in the Parliament of Ireland in the 39th year of the reign million, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate at- /

" negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Extendance this Honourable House in the House of Peers, u change, under a limited sum;" and also an Act, made in to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Com-

> 1

-- O * " . ~ '

the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said Act, was, according to Order, read the third time:

Revived, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, during the RestrictiononPaymentsin

Calli by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act, made million afore-mentioned, had been at the Peers,

Vo 1. c8. 7 H where

578

4° Jidii.

A. 1803.

.where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, and Liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen

giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal A (lent to miles of the the said City of

the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making pro-and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of vision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty’s Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Signet in Scotland:

Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber- and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further Cum

land. His Royal Highness the Duke of SuJJ'ex, His Royal of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for alter-Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the ing and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and main-Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare taining the said Navigation:

and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walfngham, and the powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Lord Alva:dry, named also in the said Commission, did Road leading from the high Post Road, near the Town of

accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Favsrsham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. s Water to Lane, in near the City of

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present Canterbury, in the County of Kent:

War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of An Act for continuing the term, and consolidating into Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Expor- one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from to

tation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain: therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty fife sum of Twenty An Act for more effectually amending, widening, im-Thousand Pounds, to be ifl’ued and applied towards making proving, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Roads, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, Town of Kingsion-upon-Tkames, in the County of Surrey, to and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to a place called Shcetbridge, near in the County of

charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of Southampton:

making, and keeping in repair. Roads and Bridges in the An Act for enlarging the term, and altering the powers Highlands of Scotland: of two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great of King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second from Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the County of Bedford:

" Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, " the reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp on the part of the Devilces in the will of Mary Foord, late " Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other of in the County of Widow, one of the

*c Duties in lieu thereof, and for making eft’cftual provision three Sifters and Coheirefles of John Agar, late of Stockton " for the better collection of the said Duties." aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other

An Act for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Persons interested in making a partition, by and with the Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while consent and approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the dii'embodied: Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar:

An Act for augmenting the number of Field Officers, An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion-house and and other Officers of Militia, within Great Britain: Grounds late of John Esquire, deceased, situate in

An Act for further regulating the administration of the Parish of the County of and for the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors inverting the Purchase-money under the direction of the ot Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in Court of Chancery, in another Estate, to be settled to the the second year of King George the Second, intituled, " An fame ules:

" Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Cor- An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and He-<c ruption in the election of Members to serve in Par- reditaments, in the County of and City of " liamentbury, part of the settled Estates of Sir Edward Halei, Ba-An Act for making more effectual provision, within ronet, in Trustees, in trust, to fell under the directions of Ireland, for the punishment of Offences in wilfully calling the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, arising thereby in discharge of certain Incumbrances affect-and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies: ing ti e said settled Estates, and in reducing and repairing

An Act for continuing, until the first day of July one the Mansion-house called Hales Place, being part of the thousand eight hundred a#l four, an Act, passed in the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate surplus of forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, inti- the Monies produced by such Sale in the purchase of other tuled, " An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the remaining " February one thousand eight hundred and three, the part of the said settled Estates:

" Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be ex- An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of " ported from Great Britain to beland, and from Ireland wick, and Townships or Liberties of Thringstone and Pegg’s " to Great Britain and also, an Act, made in the present Green, in the Parish of in the County of Leicester:

Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Corn-permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain mons, Mosses, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain in the County of W<:

from Ireland: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township cf as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland: otherwise Bra(jon, and the Commons and Waste An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua- Grounds, called otherwise BraJJcn Common,

lify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland ac- in the Parish of Bradbourne, in the County of Derby: cording to Law: An Act for inclosing that part of the Common called

An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates The Pease which lies within the Manor of in

of Persons found lunatic by Inquisition, in England or Ire- the Parishes of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford and Sha/ford, land, respectively, and the granting of Leases of the fame:! and within the Manor of Poijled, in the Parish of An Act to extend the provisions of two Acts, passed in in the County of Surrey: the thirty-ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-first years of An Act for inclosing Lands in the Precincts of the the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the use of Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also in so much of Horse-hides in making Boots and Shoes, $.nd preventing the Manor of Hall as lies within the Parish of the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks: thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to, the An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cit ics of London and Westminster, and Borough of South, in the County of fVilti:

An

43 Geo. III.

4" Julii.

579

An Act for naturalizing

An Act for naturalizing Maithew Tinne.

Chrlwn

bciofure Bill) piiki

rood and J3 perches of Land, who refused to sign tire Bill, and also the Proprietors of 258 acres and 3 roods, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Land intended An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, to be inclosed consists of 1,947 acres and 24 roods} and the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields within the that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose Parities of Charlton Adam, and Charlton Alackrell, in the the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the County of Somerfei, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton AlackrtH,in the County of Ordered, That Mr. Dickiif do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Woiwfttr- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the totWm. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the eled-ir,g of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of in the room of the

Honourable Edvard Foley, deceased.

5^ Mr. Lygen reported from the Committee, to whom the T-i»i:igPath Bill for extending and making the Horse Towing-path or Road on the Banks of the ltiver Severn, from Bridge, in the County of WorceJl. r, to the deep Water at Diglis, 'beio-.v the City ct Iwas committed; That the Committee had Examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made lateral Amendments thereunto, winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Kill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amcndmentswereonceread throughout:

. o 7

and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Kill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bill,

reported*

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Eyre reported from the Committee, to whem the Morton, Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and B

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and re-com-and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , and raute<1,

within the Hamlet of Fijkerton, in the Parish of Rolleston, all in the County of Nottingham, and for extinguishing the Tythes arising within the said Parish of Morton, and Hamlet of Fijkertonrespectively,' was committed; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had. been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaflion of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 2. 10 s.6 \d.per Quarter, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates assefted at £. 2. 9 s,7 d. per Quarter, who were neuter; and also the

sported.

Owners of Estates alfefTed at £.2. 3 id. per Quarter,

LMtOnnfide Mr. 'James Graham reported from the Committee, to who could not be met with; and that the whole property I inciofurt Bill, whom the Bill for inclosing Commons within the Town- belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assefted ship of Little Ormjide, in the County of IVejimorland, was to the Land Tax at £. 26. 15 7 \d. per Quarter; and

committed; That the Committee had examined, and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Bad direifled him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necefliuy to be made to the said Bill; That the said Bill be re-committed.

That the said Bill be re-committed to tie Committee to whom the fame was committed.

found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the l’atis-f.ad ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Mr. Baldzvinreported from the Committee, to whom Bill to amend

the Bill to enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend an Pancras

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- *?»de in the year of the reign of His present Ma- reported, and

jessy, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, re-committed " lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving,

" and keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares, and other " public Railages and Places, which are, and shall be,

<c made upon certain pieces or plots of Ground in the " Parish of Saint Paucras, in the County of be-

" longing to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness " Southampton," and for including therein certain other

final] plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described.

grafted.

An ingrafted BillTrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for ’ appointing new Trustees for the purposes of certain Settle-I meats made upon and after the Marriage of the Right ho-

nourable Henry Lord Stazvellwith Mary Curzon, Spinster,

now the Right honourable Mary Lady Stazvell, and for

other purposes, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time, e was committed; That the Committee had examined the

, JdJurcan, Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

"Pi*L $e Committee, to whom the Kill for dividing, allotting, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

hying in severalty, and inclosing, the Open Common made several Amendments thereunto, which they hacf Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pastures, directed him to report to the House; and he read the Common Down, and other Commonable and Waste Lands Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Grounds, within the Township of Wantage, and in the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where

Ramjet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County the Report was read. 1

Berks, was committed. And the House being informed that several other

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

CpKee, That the Committee had examined, and found tutu the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned

__________ The ingrafted Bill to authorize the advancement of fur- iWen Port

hod given the Tr content To’ the ~Biil, * to the satisfaction of ther sums of Money out of the ted Fund, to be

tte Committee (except the Proprietors of 113acres 1 applied in of the Port of London by the

GOWte

A. 1803.

580

4° Ju

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTreasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, was, according to Order, read the third time.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating certain parts of the said Act, l'o far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, tels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for An Act to authorize the advancement of further sums of the purposes in the said Act mentioned: And that Mr. Money out of the Conl'olidated Fund, to be applied in the Burton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney Improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor, Alder- General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir William Dolben, do men, and Commons of the City of London, in Common prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commis-

Jill relative to rriemlly Jocietits, relented.

sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the 'Power of London.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His prel'cnt Majesty, to rectify mistakes made in the

The Lords have agreed to ■-1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Additional for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wildmore,

- - Fen, &c.

Registry of their Rules: And the fame was received; and for amending an Act, passed in the forty-first year of His Drainage Bill

n .1 C y-f*- 4- < a \ ! /I_ C __________ _ _ fl*. 11__J I ! i. . A. _ O

read the first time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a feconil time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time

To-

morrow.

3iU ferp o- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for pro-<«*urnsreh- curing Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance

:ive to the Poor, jrdered.

of the Poor in England: And that Mr. Rose, Sir Robert 'John Buxton, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Robert and Mr. Sar-

gent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Day appointed - Ordered, That the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes

iseuUn'p'of Worplefdonand IVanborozv, and in the Manor of Wan-, Worp!e('don borow, in the Parishcsof Ash and Puttenham, in the County

tncloiurc Hill., of Surrey, be read a feconil time upon Thursday next.

Return

ref'petting Hilaries, Cvrc. ot’ Public Officers, in Ireland, jpresented.

Appendix,

(No. 74.)

K

t Committee on \ re-committed , Last India Wet Docks Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. from the

office of the Chief Secretary for lrela)id, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 2id of March 1803, for an Account, shewingwhat Increase or Diminution has taken place in the number and in the amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Public Offices in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802, together with thirty-three several Accounts, referred to in the said Return.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the resolve itself into

Order of the day, for the House to Committee of the whole House, to

present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Weft and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and other low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thtreto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blrmmghim for erecting a new Church to be called Christ Church, in the Church sill. Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residerice for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, The Lords Thai the Lords do request that this House will be pleased ue(ir

, 1 House to com.

to communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon municateUie

which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the SSj* the

provisions, regulations, and restrictions, contained in cer- woolienM--

tain Acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King nutneturers

Richard the Second, the fifth and sixth year of the reign of £lU*

King Edivardthe Sixth, the second and third of the reign

of King Philip and Queen Mary, and the fourth r.nd fifth

year of the lame reign, the forty-third year of the reign of

Queen Elizabeth, the fourth and twenty-first years of the

reign of King James the First, the tenth year of the reign

of Queen Ame, and the first and thirteenth years of the

reign of King George the First, so far as the same relate to

the length, breadth, and weight, of Woollen Cloths, the

tentering, stretching, and draining, and the viewing, search-

ing, and foaling of them, by Officers appointed for that purpose, the boiling of Wool with certain Ingredients, the

prohibition of the use of Lambs Wool, the Sale of Woollen

Cloths tacked and folded, the pressing of Woollen Cloth,

and the use of Gig Mills, and the number of Looms; and

also to repeal an Act, passed in the fifth year of the reign

of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers

" orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry,

and Apprentices," so far as the fojne relates to Appren-

TH

b-.

Mr.-"

ff

A,

by

n

h 11

consider further of the Bill for the further Improvement of ticeships in the Trade or Business of a Clothier, and in the the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at several branches of the Woollen Manufacture of Weaving, Blackwall for the accommodation of the East India Ship- Dying, and Cloth-dressing, in the several Counties of ping in the said Port, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Bill jefpctthig

triJUxCi

Bounty,

ordered.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 2d and 3d years of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, " An

Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset; and likewise for permitting the Exportation of certain Cloths unlhorn.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the last part of the said Message into consideration.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy of the said Minutes was delivered to them.

And then they again withdrew.

Copy of Minutes to sent to the f Lord*

11.1.:

to

4

:>:r

' tv

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur-

Act for the making more effectual her Majesty’s gra- ther consideration the Report frotp the Committee of the

1 r ■'A u '‘' whole House, to whom the Bill to enable " n

Bin for nu£

addition . ‘J'

cious intentions for the Augmentation of the Mainte- whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty in’l'r'elind. nance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an addi- re-committ | grant in perpetuity the Revenues of the First Fruits and tional Military Force for the better Defence and Security

Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prose-Grants for the fame purpose," might be read. cution of the War, was committed, be now read.

And

■ -r;,

*>c.:

;-ri

43 Geo. III.

4°—5°

581

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next,1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Profiiionfor- A Motion being made, That this House will, To-mor-n«">5 . row, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lSaobe to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieu-cucidered. tenant of Ireland to raise Volunteers for the additional Military Force to be raised in Ireland;

Mr. Wickham (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to raise Volunteers for the additional Military Force to be raised in Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant of to raise Volunteers for the additional Military Force to be raised in Ireland.

Mr. Nicholas Vav.fitiart presented to the House, accord- Exchequer ing to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the lame was received; and read the tirft lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow,

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue ot Cufeoms and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations for the like purposes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^"'.sd fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Irish Custom und Excise

Re^ulatiuii

BjlS,

deferred.

Supply,

Commit fK on Iriili iddi-ronil Customs

to Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, Ireland, and also certain Duties of rsvn u u i Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland, be QRDERThat Sir Thomas Theoplnlus Metcalfe do make Jewrftont

r he CommistfP. urfinm ir Ri for Inclosure Bill

Anno 43 Prayers.

Mail is, 5° die Julii;

Georgii III*11 Regis, l 803.

Committee of Ways and the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of in report

the County of Gloucester, was committed.

• Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ;and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fetisfadlion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Commons, within the i;tt]c

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tire Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-Cder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. j And the said Order being read accordingly;

■ The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

■ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dirfoted him to Township of Little in the County of Westmorland, Ormfide

htti

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have have to fit again.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confer further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money, to be agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate at-

Inclosure

puffed.

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Commons in the Township of Little Ormfide, in the County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message by Mr. Qmrme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black «0yai A/Tent Rod:

Mr. Spcakbr,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts

to iSillf.

Jai/ed by Lotteries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

tendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported,- That the at the desire of

*»iiwiuiucius were uiilc icau <* x r .1 7 . rn’ n > r« */r-

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally authorized by virtue Majesty sCommission

• C J L nan n ¥ f h/9 Hrwilp Plr rppi-e nrkn r.»

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

-.Vo l.58.

afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the levera Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal High-

y I ness

; . Bill ' rf fpc6>ing: Qtiecn Antic’s Bounty, presented.

Ke-committed Bill to amend Pan eras Paving A&, reported.

Vommiftee on Foote’s Di-so»ce Bill.

582

5° Jtdii.

A.. 1803.

nets the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal High-*

ness the Duke of Suffix, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chan-celtory and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal A Seat to the said Bills; and that the Lord High

Chancellor, the Lord IValJtnghamand the Lord A Ivan ley, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain:

An Act for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Weft and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill foreffectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the 2d and 3d years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making more

effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the aug-u mentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by * enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the lieve-" nues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for ena-" bling any other persons to make Grants for the fame pur-" pose," so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving, cleans-" ing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise ini-" proving, and keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares, and " other public passages and places, which are, and shall " be made upon certain pieces or plots of Ground in the " Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of be-

" longing to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baro-" ness Southampton," and for including therein certain other small plots of Ground in the said Parish, therein described, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one •, and, upon the Question feve-j-ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Foote, Esquire, with Nina Herries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Geary took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no counsel Qr party appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the -Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town petition for Council, of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; ^hthouse setting forth, That as the Bell or Cape Rock, which lies on the Bell about twelve miles to the Eastward of the Lights of Tay, Rock, and is nearly at an equal distance from The Red Head and Fi/eness, is only Vtlible at half tide, and at high-water is covered by the Sea, vessels passing along the Coast are frequently shipwrccked by {hiking upon it in the nighttime, and many lives and many vessels have been loft; and therefore praying the House to adopt ttieafures for erecting a Lighthouse on the aforesaid Rock.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for pro* a Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and funns *'-

, . " r , , ,r turns relitw

Maintenance of the Poor in England:Anu the lame was to the Poor, received; and read the first time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the ^committed further Improvement of the Port of by making Biu, reported;

Docks and other works at Blackball, for the accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thurlciay next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-

solve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to con- Property fider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a DuV®*11* time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property and Offices, therein described; and also of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of personal Property, and from Professions and Trades, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto; and had, pursuant to the Instruction of the House, made them one Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Pro-sessions. Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill and Amendments, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Repst1* mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Messag#

’rticnfrj

vatU

Rock.

43 Geo. III.

5

>° juliii

hsd

.i:/pp>

n:»a. 'Hi raw the?

TViorfi A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mi. tartigiw^10 Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

jjaa.cum- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act citetimd for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Town Ih ip of Elland-cum-Greetland, in the Parish of and Weft

Biding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

jjl for rifling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to , idditiona) enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force for the better de-logtand, with fence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the Amen<llDents' more vigorous prosecution of the War j with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better de* fence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more v*gorous prosecution of the War; with some Amend-' ’ ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

Irish

Treasury Bill

Ml for niiingan *LJ’ti>naJ Military Force in Scotland, with

And then the Messengers withdrew.

lords

jlmtndinwh to Bill for

additional

Witty

Ftotin

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Biff, intituled.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force for the House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Ways and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Means‘ Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directedhim to report to the House*, which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered ih at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame wKs read; and is as followeth; viz. J

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,-towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Nine hundred twenty-three thotifand aria seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence sterling, being One Million Irish currency, be raised by Treasury Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament for the service of Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Carry, and Mft Wickham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Militia Pay consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Bill>re-

* - - committed.

and

fol-

better defence and security of the United Kingdom, for the more vigorous prosecution of the War.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as loweth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. ult. After " livelihood " insert " except " that of a Schoolmaster."

Pr. 39. 1. 19. Leave out " other;" and in the lame " line, after " Forces " insert " for " general Service."

Pr. 42. 1. 16. Leave out " other 5" and in the fame line, after " Forces " insert " for " general Service."

Pr. 43. 1. 13. Leave out from " " to "at"

in line 15.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

of the Militia in Great Britain, for the hundred and three, was corn-

eight

Pay and Cloathing year one thoulauc mitted 5

And the House being informed that several Other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill 5

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, /efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Contfdcred. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Elford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the they had gone through the Bill, and made several other

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendmenls made by their Lordships.

lords

railing an additional Military Force in Scotland,

The House proceeded to take into consideration the bbSt*0 Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as foi-loweth; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 24. Leave out "other;" and in the lame line, after " Forces " insert " for ge-" neral Service."

Pr.36. I. 31. Leave out "other."

The laid Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Committee oj Militia Adjutants Bill.

Committee on

Pavision ftr

iuati

eers m

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to raise Volunteers for the additional Military Force to be raised in Ireland, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him V»i. ^8,

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Elford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of certain free Fi/hermen of the several of Fisheries of EaVersham, Milton, Qtteenborough, FaTw%rot°J

and of the River Medway and places adjacent, in the Ac. against County of Kent, being the Foremen and other Officers cam*f •# feprefertting the said fevetal Fisheries, was presented to the jBifi/ House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Suc by the name of " Th,e Fishing Company," for more efreftually supply- ,

ing the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to

conduct and support their Establishmentj and lotting forth. That, if the fame should palsa Law, itmay

materially injure add prejudice the said Fisheries, and will I

deprive the Petitioners altogether of the means getting f

their living: And therefore praying/ That they mgy be ■]

heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill. . [

Ln-__________

584

5"-—6° Jul'n.

4.1803.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in'favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Committee<m Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

In'andlft0mS re lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Excise Regu- consider further of the Bill to amend several Acts of Par: UtionBiU. liament, for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to maJte further Regulations for the like purposes, be now read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

■ Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

’frifli Militia families hill, presented.

jrirtiMalt, &C, Regulation

I Bin,

Sreiented.

r

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland: And the iamc was received; and read the fil'd time.

llefohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next..

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend the Acts now in force for securing the collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal sale of Spirituous Liquors by retail, in- Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the fird time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.; . i

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Refiived, That this, House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Bonding of into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ^rtu£;" Bonding of Portugal Wine. cohered.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further ^cot:ch Af-consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole confoMation House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the Bill, provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the dciessed* Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Bill relative of the Bill for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be sockt'es^ citablished under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the deterred, reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Lotteries Bilk Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Refiived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans Exchequer or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was read a second time.

Refiived, That the Bill be committed.

Refiived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refiived, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow < Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 6°;

' Trish Mr. Alexander, - according to Order, reported from the

, jvitomsf&c' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties Bill, granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation eported. . Df Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, r Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, Ireland, and also

certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and i made in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which

j the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That- the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted. ...... ! .

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-’ morrow.

I 1 . , '

Espomtivn' The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 31ft . year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

Vc. to be " Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of 1 ;otrtiJ«red. Com, and the Payment of the' Duty on Foreign Com u imported, and of the Bounty on Corn exported,"

"might be read,

'• And the same being read accordingly;

I- 'Rijo/Ved, That' this House will/To-morrow, resolve itself ,'irtto a Corhmittee of the whole House, to consider of so -rnbeh of the.faill Aftfas relates to the Exportation of t fWheat, 'Wheat5 Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Bread,

‘-Bifftiit, or Feife, into Cuernfeyfijerfey, and Alderney.

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quar/ne, Yeoman Uiher of the R°j*lA&nt Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate^ attendance of this Honourable I Ioufe in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the.House, went rip to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aiorc-mentioned, had been at the House. of Peel's, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and one Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

.His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Snssex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, ai\d the Lord WaIJingham, named alia in the said Com-

v million.

43 Geo. III.

&JuliL

million, did accordingly declare and notify the R^yal Afi'ent interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amend-

the

ments made by the Lords, and gave their consent to laid Alterations;

The laid Amendments were severally read a second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the

agreed

ROai! Ml* reputed, ;md re-committed

■flTUlS of D.’Mvashire’j re Bill, wBuaitted.

Lords

Arrfndfnents foGodal-&c, Injure Bill,

•yCtd tO.

to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followerh; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War:

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, to the Amendments made by their Lordships and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Township of EHand-cnm~Greetland, in the'Parish of Halifax, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and

other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Fenditton, in the County of Cam~ bridge, was read the third time.

Reshed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fenditton, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Somerset Manners do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

and Welt Hiding of the County of York.

Lord William Rujfcll reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freefehooi Street, Southwark, to Dock he ad, and Lilli put Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones-end in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dart ford, lo tar as respects the Road leaning from the Stones-end in Bermondsey Street towards Saint Thorn as-a-Waterings; and also, for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Corn-

Fen Jit ton Inclosure £i passed.

'• The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas inclosure Eil and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Fajlgate, Saint aSree<*to* Nlary-h'-Wigford, Saint Alnrtin, and Saint Sivithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Margaret which lies within the said City, and for' setting

merits thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Iiouie; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rejoived, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

veiling the delcended Estates of the Molt honourable Wills late Marquis cf Dozenth ire, and Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively, deceased, in Trustees, in fruit, to be disposed of under the directions of the High Court of Chancery, for payment of their respective Debts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Lord Robert Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors ot Codcilmhig and Cattfmdl, in the Pari (lies of Godalming, Chid-dmgfold, llijiemcre, and Compton, in the County of Surrey.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 5. Leave out " HaJJemere."

1. 8. Leave out " seven" and insert "four;" and in the fame line, after " hundred" iniert " and fifty."

Pr. 2. J. 33. Leave out " HaJJemere

1. 34. After " Compton ’ iniert cc except as here-" inafter mentioned."

r. 13. 1. 3-^Leave out the said determination."

& 4-5

1. II. Leave out " Flajlemere."

Leave out from " Manors" to " Pro-" vided," in Press 22. line 8.

22. 1. 15. Leave out " Commons" and insert " Commonand in the fame line, leave out from " Common" to " and, " in line 18.

1. 19. Leave out " Parishes " and insert " Parish."

1. 20. Leave out " and HajlcmereF 1. 21. Leave out from " the" to " shall" in line 26. and insert "fame."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 4. Leave out " Haslemere."

And the House being informed, that the several Parties

VOL, 58. "

out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a Common Padure, for the purpcles therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 24. Leave out " Sheriff," and insert " She-

et

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

17* 20.

1. 30.

Pr. 24. 1. 1. After " Diflriet'* insert " and."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report of the 28th day of June lait, was made from the Committee, T;mwr Canal to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable coaiidered!* Canal from and out of the River Lamar, at or near Mor-vckcHh.vv Qnav, to the Town of Ta and also a certain collateral Cut, to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration.

And the House being informed, that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Thurs-day last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794; i

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Re- '

port into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the,

laid Bill, being severally read a iccond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House. i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- , '

grolied.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to p , dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Foote, Esquire, DivorceJ8iU, with Nina Herries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second BJ11 ref -. reading of the Bill for effectuating certain parts of an A<9:, Queen Anne's passed in the 2d and 3d years of the reien of her late Bounty,

7 K. "

586

6° Ju

A. 1803.

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making " more effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the " Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, ,f by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the " Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for " enabling any other persons to make Grants for the fame " purpose," so far as the lame relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

| Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself

< into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

till for pre- Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the r'ame^iif New better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Kureft, Game, in the New Forefl, in the County of Southampton: rdered. And that Mr. Attorney General and Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmaydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

’etition of debtors in the fleet.

tf

-ommittee on ‘ishing Com-any’s Bill, to l^nd for Per-^ns, Papers, |nd Records.

P

till for pre-r-rv. ;g Black Same in New tForert, irefented.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorporating certain Persons, and their Successors, by the name of " The Fishing Company," for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment, is committed, have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the Forest, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

John Buxton, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr. Smith of Norwich do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and part Owners of, Petition of or being interested in, Fishing Vessels, in the Eastern part of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and m* Kent,e * read; taking notice of the Bill for incorporating certain ^aimtrifting Persons, and their Successors, by the name of " The Fish- BilLP*ny

" ing Company," for more effectually supplying the Metropolis with Fish, and for enabling them to conduct and support their Establishment; and setting forth, That if the said Bill, as it now stands, were to pass into a Law, it would materially affect the interests, and injure the property, of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

fs, Ce

t'Y.ii

ih i

fl)(( jjlb

u

■'•’F

£;=, t

.y ti

fe,

i.y.'i

Eft

Report rel.v Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ohmteerf'i'g Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred rcland. to consider of making provision to enable the Lord Lieu-

i- tenant of Ireland to raise Volunteers for the additional

: Military Force to be raised in Ireland, the Resolution

1 which the Committee had directed him to report to the

, House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read;

1 and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That l the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in

' Ireland be authorized to advance any Sums for defraying

the expence of railing Volunteers for the additional Military Force to be raised in Ireland, not exceeding the rate of Seven Guineas for every private Man so to be raised.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. nstruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an > additional Military Force, for the better defence and fecu-

rity of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, is re-committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motions for That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Abetting Quantity of Home-made Spirits on hand with the Distillers,

Grols Distillers, on the 14th day of June last. withdrawn.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Home-made Spirits on hand with the Gross Distillers, on the 5th day of this instant July.

And the said Motion wras, with the leave of House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the quantity of Home-made Spirits permitted ^’tted£om from the Gross Distillers of England, from the 13th June Diallers of to the 5th July 1803. ordered'1’

Sir William Elford, according to Order, reported from Militia Adja-

cfc

aid I hrii

ri‘j

1

:x

'■'£S

r[

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, (o much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

tants Bill! reported.

The lords have agreed tc

Bill for erett-ng a Light-

1011 fc on the 4til Rock,

> rdered.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near to the entrance of the Firth of Forth, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill respectinf amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Spiritual Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Per- persons' fons on their Benefices in England; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Scotch MM providing Relief for the Families of Militia-men, in 11 ’

land, when called out into actual Service; with fume Amendment' Amendments; to

A:];',.

hli:

L;

tv.

'--•b’t

Ufi

■"li:

'■y\

V‘'G,

:*• iO

[.•

•-n

_. , which Amendments the Lords desire

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for erect- the concurrence of this House: And also, ing a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords Coast of Scotland, near the entrance of the Firths of Tay settling a certain Farm and Lands, in the Parish of JJan- havcpalT!a and Forth: And that Sir William Pulteney, Sir Robert dow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof

3 Esquire,

;‘.;v

AI

43 Geo. III.

6° Julii.

587

:cf

nt; nf

:r"'i'

Daly Bill, idaicd.

Esquire, is seised in Fee-simple, in lieu of, and exchange further Regulations for the like purposes, was committed, for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Gonerby and Man- the Amendments which the Committee had made to the thorpe, in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the of the said George fVynch, and Mary his Wife; to which House; and he read the Report in his place; and after the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

And then the Messengers withdrew, the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; The House was moved, That the Order, made yesterday, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were for taking into further consideration, upon Monday next, agreed to by the House.

MiliU

tqntti.

the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Sir William Elford, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe- for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. "

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow. "*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Bill for con-consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several pro- reipeiting visions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties Aliened under the management of the Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was re* committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Assessed consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole ^*re‘e(f’U* House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties 6 under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof;

Taxes, tfte deferred.

for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coach makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, oron Commission, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

ComnittKon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to tr-caDnuned ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty more

effectually to raise and aftlmble, in Ireland, an additional

Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution frier further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply

in additional

Military

Force in Inland.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- M«ans>

deterred.

granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply,

deferred.

kporttd.

of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Laurence Parsons took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Laurence Parsons reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same. c.ijl- jfi.tr j j-

nla ’» -pi .. .1 t> i -i J he Order or the day being read, for the second reading: bpi rnr.,

Ordered, that the Report be now received. c. J r, ° . ~ ©Minor pro-

Laurence Parsons accordingly reported from the said of 1Blll/or ptocu gg Returns re at, ve to the Expence

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had and Mamtenance of the Poor ,n ExfW; S’S.'ST

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- Jetlrred?0

morrow.

A Bill to amend the Acts now in force for securing the irish Malt, collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating &c.Regui«-the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal Sale of committed.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in Ireland, was, according: to

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Titfl R'li -^r‘ Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a

Bin,7 1 s Hill for raising the sum of One Million, Irish currency, by Pentad. Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one

Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain iri*fh

Irish

C|l|ioms and *£cir'

BiH,

"poud.

thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was re- Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchant additional ceived; and read the first time. dize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, ex- Duti^Bilf

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. ported from Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on paired.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland, was, accord-morrow. ing to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, '

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and several Acts of Parliament, for the better collection and on Goods. Wares, and Merchandize, exported from security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise and also certain Dufies of Excise on Spirits and Malt dif-in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make tilled and made in Ireland,

Vol. 58.

omrmttee on Exportation f Wheat, o Guernsey, &c.

588

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of

0—7"

A 1803.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sported.

...... - ____ . _ _ . The Order of the day being read, for the second reading Bill relative

an Act, made in the 31ft year of the reign of His present t|)C for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be ^(n,ieSd(ly Majesty, as relates to the Exportation of Wheat, Wheat eft-^ijihed under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the deferred.’ Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, r(q Qf [qjs present Majesty, to rectify mistakes made in into Gtiernfey, Jersey, and Alderney.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the iame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill

to permit the Exportation, for a time to be limited, of Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guetnfey, Jet-fey, and j]a(j g0ne through the Bill, and made several Amendments Alderney, from other 1 orts in England as well as the Port thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

reign

the Registry of their Rules;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a iecond time Tomorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Committeeon House, upon the Bill for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

of Southampton, under certain Restrictions.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Exportation, for a time to be limited, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions: And that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Cioclc.

t'

ponding of

Portugal

Wine.

©mmittee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bonding of Portugal Wine.

IMr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

| Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he

j was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when

| the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

'^ported. Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move

the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit, for a time to be limited, Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly. i Sill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to per-

mit, for a time to be limited, Portugal YVinc to be landed ’’ and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment

1 of Duties, under certain Restrictions: And that Mr.

I(! Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjiitart, and Mr. Cony, do pre-

j' pare, and bring in, the fame.

; Lords The House proceeded to take into consideration the

Amendments Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia-men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 17. Leave out " one," and inlert u two."

1. 18. Leave out " child," and inlert " children." 1. 26. Leave out " one child," and inlert " two " children."

Pr. 18. 1. 2.) Leave out " one child," and insert & 3.) " two children."

1803.

Scotch Militia

Families Bill, igrced to.

And it appearing to the House, that the Committee of cholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eaflgate,

this House, to whom the said Bill, as amended, was recommitted, had made the alteration in the beginning of the Clause, by leaving out the word " one," and inserting the word c< two," but that by mistake, the like Amendment had not been made in the subsequent parts of the Clause; and that the Amendments made by the Lords were to rectify this mistake, and to make the Clause as this House intended it should be;

The said Amendments were severally read a second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Saint Mary-le- IVigford. Saint Alar tin, and Saint S wit hen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for letting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a Common Pasture, for the purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors of Godalming and Cattjhull, in the Parishes of Godalmhi Chiddingfoldy and Compton, in the County of Surrey

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Facte, Esquire, with Nina Retries, his now Wife, and to enable

him

U(

;i3lt0

-Bt

7,1 :fwb g cl 1

V'

rv

* Pr-unc ne ex

-Ed?:.

SU:;

to

j

1 Ei;l

to a

tl ft

L lb

:i:d

Jovis, 7° die J

Anno 430 Georgii Regis,

Prayers.

A MESSAGE determined by Mr. Qiuirmc, Yeoman Uftier of the Royal Assent Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-million, lor declaring His Royal AlTent to teveral Acts, agreed upon by both Houses,*do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Ailent to one Public Bill, and several Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, II.s Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, FI is Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal •Highness the Duke ol Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Walfnigham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Al-sent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as follower h; viz.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the residence cf Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari (lies of Saint Ni~

:lb

3i

to

tov

pi

x

hi

to

to

to

*:S

71: n: f-l:; to

; . ‘-I - I I

■ :> ‘"Grit

1 7 *:

43 Geo. TIL 7° Julii.

58 9

him to many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

M fptfb'iig The House Was moved, That the Resolution which, sidiTnUnd Thursday last, was reported from the Committee of i •' 5®*°"’ the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur-

e:;2 ’ ther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then

agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand

« Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying " the expenCe of making an Inland Navigation from the " Eastern to the Western Sea, by and

« William."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hawkins Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Sir William , Sir Robert John

Buxton, and Mr. Charles , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mmaio#. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make provision therein for taking the necessary steps towards executing the said Inland Navigation.

CoamittMoif Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to SumAnw's ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Jontjr. the Bill for effectuating certain parts of an Act, pass.d in the 2d and 3d years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making more effectual " her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the augmentation " of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Revenues of the First " Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Per-" fons to make Grants for the fame purpose," so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Haxvkins Browne took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him (0 report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Nn'lk Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-c* ,ng of the Bill for the better preservation of Heath Fowl, |«Forfit, commonly called Black Game, in the Nezv in the County of Southampton, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rifdved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee or the whole House.

Resolved, That th is House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas, from t^e Select Com- Leave given mittee appointed to try and determine the merits of the ^caTonCol Petition of Sir John Newport, of the City of Waterford, mittee, to Baronet, complaining of an undue election and return for »djoura-the said City, informed the House, That, in pursuance of Mr. Speaker’s warrant of the 27 th day of June last, inserted in The London Gazette, directing the said Committee to re-

assemble and meet again upon this day, at Eleven of the clock in the Morning, the Committee met accordingly, when the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to take evidence in Ireland, respecting certain fafts, allegations, matters, and things, referred to them, and specially assigned and limited in and by an order of the Committee, having been laid before them, the Committee proceeded to take the fame into consideration; and it appearing that the said Evidence and Proceedings wrere exceedingly voluminous, and contained a great variety of matter,' and that it would require several weeks to make the necessary copies thereof, the counsel on both fides, with the consent of the parties, made it their earned and particular request to the Committee, that they might be allowed some considerable time after such copies should be made and delivered to them, to prepare themselves to state their observations upon the effect of the said Evidence; and that the Committee, having duly considered the said request, and also the advanced period of the Session, and being satisfied that, in the present stage of the cause, the ends of justice would be materially promoted by granting the said request, and that very heavy expences might be saved to both parties in consequence of an adjournment of the Committee for the purposes aforesaid, desire leave of the House to adjourn, from the rising of the Committee this day, until the 25th day of August next, if the House shall think fit.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 10th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the trials of controverted Elections or * returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the - further regulation of the trials of con- 1

" troverted Elections or returns of Members to serve in " Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for railing ing of the ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty more effec- ‘Mif^yoKe1 tually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military in Ireland, Force, for the better defence and security of the United Plffed-Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution '

of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Vereker do carry the Bill to the Lords, '

and desire their concurrence,

hr

•"SreBiii ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in fe-Mid. ’ vera’ty, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pastures, Common Down, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks, Was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in fee County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their concurrence,

VW 58.

A Message from the Lords, --by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The Lords Stratford: Jwveagreedto

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southern for enlarging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery; whaieFifheiy without any Amendment: And also, Bl11,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act irish Militia for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one Pay»*«. Bill. thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allow-

7 k __________ , ances.

590

ifh Promis->ry Notes Bill,

rifli Work-lens Combi-ation Bill.

Ixeter Roads Bill.

Wt Otafgow nd Newark ’aving, &c.

Bill.

7° Julii.

A. 1803.

ances, in certaitycafes, to Subaltern Officers of the said be taken to be within the City of for the purposes

Militia during Peace; without any Amendment: And of the Act.

also, And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be to continue, during the restriction on Payments in Cash made part of the Bill.

by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act, made in Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the making Subscribers liable to the payment of their Sub-

reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to re-" (trail) the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland " Bills of Exchange under a limited sum;" and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in , and for other purposes relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

feriptions, notwithstanding any of the provisions of the Act.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

e(

tit I

OA

la

Vs

;:.:l

Ad

f. or J id b:

tharlton ^tlam, &c. inclosure Bill.

fcfnort of feriito1 Harbour Bill, further ton-idered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti- Account of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mate of Profit and Loss on the East India Company’s Sales LossonEast for more effectually repairing and improving the several in England and other Profits, for the year ending the ift India Coi. Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keep- March 1803, with other Payments in England deducted ing in repair Exe Bridge and Couniejs Wear Bridge-, with- therefrom, out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Refol That an humble Address be presented to His Address for for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give direc-Act, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of His pre- tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all sent Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants Returns received by the Secretary of State for the Home of Port Gla/'gow and Newark with water; to paving. Department, from the several Gaols in England and Wales,

cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; and to of the number of Prisoners committed during the last year, repairing, and keeping in repair, the Harbour of Port Glas- the charges upon which they were committed, and the re-gotv; and for erecting a new Court-house and Prison, and fult of such commitments.

other necessary public Buildings, in the said Towns; with- Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His out any Amendment: And also, Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Charlton Adam and

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- rrish Treafwy ing of the Bill for raising the sum of One Million Irijk Bills sm, currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for coinmi the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Is I .£[ hi

f,;..

Charlton Mackrell, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 27 th day of June last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving, and rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794; Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Militia P*y

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further ing of the ingrossed Bill, for defraying the Charge of the B,u» p3fled‘ consideration. Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Re- the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now port into further consideration. read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the And the said Order being read accordingly;

said Bill, being severally read a second time, upon the The said Bill was read the third time.

Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of them, agreed to by the House. of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand

A Clautc was offered to be added to the Bill, for restrain- eight hundred and three, ing the Company from taking certain Rates till they have Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

hi

h.\

-•a:

expended the sum of £. 10,000.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing the Company to erect Mills.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Company to pay the expences of valuing Premises, in certain cases.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to revive, and further continue and JUpfoj. amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39 th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

1

.l-j.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, made part of the Bill. and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that and fortieth years of the reign of His present Majesty, as certain parts of the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset (Rail grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors 5 of

___ ized by

591

rUH.

[■‘.T-r;

7° /«///.

43 Geo. III.

of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

]t|.i)on ' The Order of the day being read, for the second reading jSurr Bill, of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of M"mttei1' and IVanborow, and in the Manor of ,in the

Pari fries of Ash and Puttenham, in the County of Surrey

And the House being informed that the several Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Parish of PVor-plefdon, who petitioned this House upon the 24th day of June last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Hugo of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Fre-. derick, Lord William Rif ell, &c.: And they are to meet' this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tuition The House was moved, That the Petition of the said igiinft, several Proprietors might be again read. tCouSfe|aIld ^ame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the lame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

MIndia The ingrossed Bill for tire farther Improvement of the M Mffd* London, by making Docks and other works at c ‘ Blackball, for the accommodation of the East India. Shipping

in the said Port, was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally propoltd to be made to the Bill; viz.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made lbme further Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raif- reported.* ing the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a so-cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Nortlmewtoi whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the f-epo?4ed? Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within -newton, otherwise Northncwington, in the Parish of Brough-

ton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Dill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the;

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: j

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and '

then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question 1

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- 1

grofied.;

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- Bill for Ex-severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the ing to Order, a Bili to permit the Exportation, for a time ^g3^"t0 Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. to be limited, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, ouernfey.&i

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titie be. Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the islands of presented.

An Act for the further Improvement of tire Port of London, JerJ'ey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as by making Docks and other works at Blackmail, for the the Port of , under certain Restrictions: And

accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said the fame was received; and read the first time.

Port. Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Baring do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-Lords, and defue their concurrence. morrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur-proniioiu ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the K's w^e House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several 1 Turpin Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the it-wmnuutd. Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the V Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was re-

committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refohed, That the said Bill be again re-committed. Refohed, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

, "Cd;rtA Refohed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider , further of the said Bill.

1 The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

s Committee.

\ -Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1 Yol. 58.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord- Portugal ing to Order, a Bill to permit, for a time to be limited, Wl‘‘e B'1,» Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United pre e" e Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Rc-strictions: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Cotton Ma-Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years nu^|urer* of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act reported.

" for settling Disputes that may arile between Matters and •* Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that " part of Great Britain called England," was committed; 1

and to whom the Petition of certain Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods in the Town and neighbourhood of Bolton-en-le-Moors; and also the Petition of several

.Merchants

592 7°—8° Julii. A. 1803.

Merchants and Manufacturers of Cotton Goods of Man- OrdeThat the Order of the day, for the Second read- Bill relative to chejfer, were severally referred; That the Committee had ing of the Bill for enabling Friendly Societies intended to heard counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had be established under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the committed, also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, the Registry of their Rules, be now read, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee And the said Order being read accordingly;

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments The laid Bill was read a second time,

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- Refo, That the Bill be committed to a Committee wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at of the whole House.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. Resolved That this House will, upon Monday next, re-

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the consideration upon Monday next. laid Bill.

C

k

F-

I'j

BUI for procuring Keturns relative to the Poor, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House-will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

France’s Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

reported! with ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Amendments, veiling certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Land, and Materials of Building, situate in the Town' of 1 pool, devised by the will of the late James France, Esquire,

j with their appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trull,

t to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising from the

j. sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled

to like uses, was committed; That the Committee had I examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee j \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

■ made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-

rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report ‘ in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 11. 1. 25. After " Wharton" insert " Crompton."

Pr. 13. I. 29. At the end of the line, add " Abraham " Wharton Crompton." il Pr. 15. I.29. Leave out " twenty-fourth" and insert

« full."

I 1.30. L*ave out " June " and insert " Au-

j " gull."

j Pr. 17. I.29. Leave out " twenty-fourth" and insert

« first."

f 1. 30. Leave out " June " and insert " Au-

J; " gull."

; Pr. 18. Li 5. Leave out " twenty-fourth " and insert

i " first;" and leave out " September"

and insert " August." j The said Amendments being severally read a second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sccount Of The House being informed that Mr. Muller, from the )r°Discovenes ^avY Office, attended at the door; he was called in; and, 1 Navigation, at the Bar, pretented to the House, pursuant to their resented. Order,

An Account of what Money has been issued by the ! Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act,

passed in the 36th year of His Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward " of Persons making certain Discoveries of finding the " Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries " a°d Improvements in Navigation, and for making Ex-" periments relating thereto."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounto count of the net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in p^r^ent !\-Great Britain, in the years and quarters ending the 5th of ordered!; . ! July 1802 and 1803, respectively. !f

A Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives Irish Miiiti* 1 ‘ and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volun-teers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, was, according to ’

Order, read a second time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ;11

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. -■ '■

The other Orders of the day being read ;: 1

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Scotch ‘ --whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain confoihkdoo of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to Bill, ‘

the Duties under the management of the Commissioners deferred. l..\

for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the lame relate to that part of Great Britain called 0,

Scotland, was committed, be taken into further considera-; i

tion upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to amend several Acts irift Customs e

of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security of A-..

His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, Bill, ]v

and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further deferw1,:

Regulations for the like purposes, be read the third time fc.l.

Tommorrow. G

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow ‘

Morning, Ten of the clock. x:

' r

- ‘Jt-ti.

Veneris, 8° die Julii; Y;

Anno 43° Georgii III"i Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

SIR John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a free Market re^tVd, and in the City of London for the sale of Coals, for defining re-committed, the dimensions of the different Coal Measures, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Coal Exchange, in the City of London; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, being . principal Buyers of Coals at the Coal Exchange, in the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Buyers of Coals at the Coal Exchange;and also, the Petition of the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters of the Port of London, whose names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Coal Factors in the City of London, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And

ft-'-:

An.

h*

b

£i;

•h

j..<

-1C,

A-.

•r

• i> i L ki

! j'j

0]

43 Geo. III*

8C

nend v x';etis,

Wynch’s liUre Biii>

read.

Juiil 593

as the P6rt of under tertain restrictions; be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he said Bill was read a second time.

That the Bill be committed;

That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-the County of Glamorgan, whereof George JVynch, Esquire, is solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

seised in Fee-Ample, in lieu of, and exenange for, a certain said Bill.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j ’Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed;

AningrolTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for set* tlinga certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandoiv, in

Farm and Lands at Great Gone and Manthorpe, in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said George /Lynch and Mary his Wife, was read the first time. Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

atrtd

fftrfow School Bfute Bill, Conu&itcefi;

id-M

Refo/ved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjoun House this day, adjourn till Monday Morning next;

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a navi- Tamar < gable Canal from and Out of the River Lamar, at or near Bl,1» pal An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iritituled. An Act for to the Town of Tavflock; and also, a

enabling the Keepers and Governors of the possessions, certain collateral Cut, to lead from the said Canal to Mill revenues, and goods, of the Free Grammar School of Hi//Bridge, in the County was read the third time.

John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on-the-Hil/, in the An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bid,

County of Middlesex, to grant building Leases of certain by way of Ryder, That in any question of title to Money of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon, was to be paid for premises purchased, the Person in possession read a second time shall be entitled thereto.

Refo/ved, Thar the Bill be committed to Sir John William And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the

Anderson, Mr. Penruddocke /Vyndhatn, &c.; And they are Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder;

Speaker’s Chamber. Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Court of Chancery (brtroVtaiW. Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the may order payment of the reasonable Expences attending fcjurersBiU, 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, purchases.

to be printed; jnt|tuje(j> An Act for settling Disputes that may arile And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the " between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called Eng- made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

ferehfqTter

Bills Bill, piH

,:to

k

* land," as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or’ Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the * year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Refo/ved , That the Bill do pals: And that the Tirle be.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Morwhellham Quay, to the Town of Tavi/iock; and also* a certain collateral Cut, to lead from the said Canal to Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Andrew St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Ciie^nw whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, re-comrr and Commonable Woods and Waste Land, within the

/wnpits re-toivt to the

tortofbriftoL , Pleated.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Manors and Paries of Chedworth and Compton Abdale, in Lords, and desire their concurrence. th.e County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders

The House being informed that Mr. Iriung, Inspector of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had. been com-General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he pl'cd with; and that the Committee had examined the

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Number of British and Foreign Ships and Vessels, and their tonnage, that have entered inwards at the Port of Bristol, for the years 1799, 1800, and 1801; and also, an Account of the Coasting Vessels, with their tonnage; distinguishing those from Scotland that have entered inwards at the said Port, for the years aforesaid: And also.

An Account of the Total Number of British and Foreign Ships and Vessels, and their tonnage, that have entered inwards at the Port of Bristol, for the year 1802; and also, an Account of the Coasting Vessels, with their tonnage;

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read*

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Lord sta distinguishing those from Scotland, that have entered in- appointing new Trustees, for the purposes of certain Set-Estate Bl, wards at the said Port, for the year aforesaid: And also. tlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right commm' An Account of all Goods imported into the Port of honourable Henry Lord Stawellmth Mary Curzott, Spinster,

Biifol, not brought Coastwise, in the years 1789* 179®> now the Right honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for 1791, 1792, 1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802; distinguishing other purposes, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

each year.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

r«SnEof Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the fecortd G-ain to reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation, for a time ;-"Vc. to be limited, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, ' Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well Vol. 53.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Portugal reading of the Uill to permit, for a time to be limited, Wine.Bl Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United committ, Kingdom, without payment of Duties, under certain restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a second time.

7 M Resolved, ‘

,594

8* y.ulii.

A.1803.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the

of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for improving, anti rendering more commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Brcgge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JVilmotand Mr.

have agreed to Stmtford t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and improving a certain tract of Common or A n , * ,*. , . - r

-i*r n P i n 3 d rr; ai n r - or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of

Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the lownship of Al* - - b ——

vaston, in the Parish of Naniwich, in the County Palatine

Beam Heath inclosure Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the several provisions contained in any Act

Barmby-upon-Dunn inclosure Bill, with an

of Chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the Parish of Barmby-ufon-Dunn, in the Weft Amendment. Riding of the County of York; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of the House: And also,

Wokeimr The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ^ith an Bl11* inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tything of Sutton next Amendment. Wokting, in the Parish of Wokehig, in the County of Surrey;

with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords > desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more tafe in the execution of their duty; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the fil'd time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lords hnve passed Juices of Ptan Bill.

read.

Bill for better M.inning ti.e Navy, ordered.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy: And that Sir William Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and the Advocate General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for creit- Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, according house on tUe to ^>rc^er’ a Bill for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell ox Bell Rock, OapeRock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near the En-presented. trance of the Firths of Taxand Forth: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read ? <econd time upon | Monday next.

"Bristol An ingrossed Bill for improving, and rendering more

the Commissioners for the Affairs of'Taxes, and for amending

- o

the said Acts, was again re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ids place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, That the Act may be altered or repealed in the present Session of Parliament.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, For inflicting a Penalty on Surveyors, in cases ot vexatious surcharges.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read the first time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be re-committed, lb far as relates to the said Clause;

The laid Motion and Clause were, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the Nezv Forest, in the County of Southampton, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

I>:JI, forcoti*

lolidating i>r*»v}fi jns re fitting Af-<oOd Taxes, reported*

Cil

da

cm

it

c:S ;-fl LI till bi H

idi

r iuv

fa

fa

mV

Committee or Bill for pre-ierving Blark -G.imc in Ne*; Forclt.

hr

■laflfed.'11* commodious, the Port and Harbour of Bristol, was read thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

* I.LJ i r ■% r *ii i <- ,ii*

the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the rights of the Dean and Chapter of Bristol.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the

the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill respectinj Queen Anne’:

b . Bounty,

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Bill for efteftuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the reported

il

'■if

made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally propos’d to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 171. I.3. After 44 meeting/* to insert " and 44 printed/*

1. 4. At the end of the line, to add, 44 Provided always, that such Rules, 44 Orders, and Regulations, shall not 44 be inconsistent with, or contrary " to, any Law or Statute of that part 44 of the United Kingdom of Great 44 Britain and Ireland called England." Pr. 174. 1,4, After 44 them/* to inlert 44 such Bye 44 Laws, Rules, and Orders, not to 44 be inconsistent with any thing in 44 this Act contained, or contrary to

2d and 3d years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,- intituled, 44 An Act for the making more effectual 44 her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the augmentation 44 of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her 44 Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Revenues of the bird 44 Fruits and Tenths; and also, for enabling any other 44 persons to make Grants for the fame purpose," so far as the lame relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed.

Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re-

his

ported to the House; and he read the Report in 44 any Law or Statute of that part of place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-the United Kingdom of Great Bri- ments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments tain and Ireland called England /* were once read throughout; and then a second time, one

by

■t.

43 Geo. 111.

8°—1 X’Jutii.

.595

The House proceeded to take into confederation the lords

* . _ . _ A 4

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in H<mir. B:!

Ksport on

Charge Civil List Revenue.

by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ivere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest-free) to ag:ecdt0

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpose of enabling Monday next. them to erect or purchase Glebe-houses and Offices convenient for their residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands Mr. Bragge reported from the Select Committee, ap- fit and convenient for the erection of such Houses and

pointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Offices, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Civil Lilt Revenue, and to report the fame, together with Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

' ' -r' ' ' ■' " ‘r r 11 And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

lowed; viz.

Pr. 5. L 23. After " the" insert * twenty-first and;" and in the fame line, leave out from lecond" to " years," in 1. 24.

Pr. 1. 37. Leave out " fiiall" and insert " to."

The said Amendments being severally read a second . time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were in-strudted to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 22d year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the establishment of an invariable order in the payment of Salaries, and other Charges on the Civil List, and of the Plan of the Establishments and Payments of the Civil List Revenues in Classes; That the Committee had considered the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the

Jftniix,

(No. 75.)

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after*

wards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day levennight. ' The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed Ord, That the ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts Irish Custor for the Members of the House. of Parliament, for the better Collection and_ Security of

The laid Report and Appendix are inserted in the His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Exctle in nild, defern

Appendix to this volume.

Bill to rc&ify a Mistake in

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this pre-fcntSeflfon of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for en-‘ hr&n8*^e Per*°d for the Payment of part of certain

etetd. ’ " Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan, to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Iflana's of " Grenada and Saint Vincent," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in the said Act: And that Mr. Nicholas Jittart, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes, be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Tcyi of the clock.

dcienii

Wars ?nd Means, totrretf.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole Home, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

The Lords !■ have a 1 reed

Lunev, 11° die Julii;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1S03.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Sir William teller Pepys and Mr. Qrd: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bin forrr.liir to enable His Majesty more effectually to rails and aiTembis, "

in Ireland, an additional Military Force for the better LlrtUad.0" defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the ’ more vigorous prosecution of the Mar; without, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lotteries Bil.

lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

raised by Lotteries; without any Amendment: And alfp.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bhckbum for regulating the Markets within the Town of Pavino.&c.

in the County Palatine of Lam-after, and for improving the Anfo'Xienr streets and other places within the said Town; with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the b

concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Southwark whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts, for making a Road from Street, reported. ’ Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from -

B.’.hlt.jic. The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-ilirfeired *°^ve *nto a Committee of the whole House, upon ' the Bill to amend the Acts now in force for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal Sale of Spirituous Liquors, by retail, in Ireland-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

hi'ir^ The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- schoot Street, Southwark, to and Hall

fadrai.’ lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bridge, in and from the Stones-cnd in Kent

the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, Irish currency. Scuthzvark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year leading from the Stones-end in towards

one thousand eight hundred and three; and also, for repairing and main-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, taining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of resolve itself into the said Committee. ' Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was re-committed;

; That the Committee had made several other Amendments The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the solve itself into a Committee of the whole H jufe, upon House; and he read the Report in-his place; and afterwards the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Voltin- Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-teers, fervingdn the Militia of Ireland-, out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the >«solve itself into the said Committee. - House,

Vo1" *8- ^T

.Militia

L’1 e- Bai»

596

ir JtiB. A. 1803.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lard* The House proceeded to take into consideration the

to'wok^n'1* Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosuresfll, Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tything of abroad to. Sutton next IVokeing, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. K 32. Leave out from " arfear" to "and," in Pr. 25. 1. 5.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Strem Tow- An ingrafted Bill for extending and making the Horse puffed*11*Towing-path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bezvdley Bridge, in the County of to the

Deep Water at Digits, below the City of Worcester, was read the third time.

An ingrafted Cfeufe was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That in any question of title to Money to be paid f<jr Premises purchased, the Person in possession shall be entitled thereto.

And the said Clause was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Court of Chancery may order payment of the reasonable Expences attending Purchases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending and making the Horle Towing-path or Road on the Banks of the River , from Bezvdley Bridge, in the County of to the Deep Water at

Digits, below the City of Worcester,

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their concurrence.

till respecting Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Queen Anne’* ing of the ingrafted Bill for effectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the ad and 3d years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making " more effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the " augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, " by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Re-" venues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for ena-• " bling any other Persons to make Grants for the lame " purpose," so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of vthe Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for effectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the second and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making more " effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the aug- -‘‘ mentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by

enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Revenues " of the First Fruits and Tenths, and also for enabling any " other Persons to mak$ Grants for the fame purpose," so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills, made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the powers of the said Governors.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhousedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

B;n reflecting The ^Ioufe was moved, That the Second Report of the

ti i ciiertat Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, inti-

Ch.itham,

IcrciL

tuled, " An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire " and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses* " which are or have been practised by Persons employed " in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, " and in the business of Prize Agency, and to report such tr Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such " Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and for the-better " conducting and managing the business of the said De-" partments, and of Prize Agency, in future," which was presented to the House upon the 6th day of June last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Funds of the Chest of Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds: And that Sir Charles Morice Pole, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and

Mr. Jervis, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Mmefty’s Corn-million, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Svjfex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of G/ottcefier, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commis-

fion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries:

An Act; to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War:

An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland-, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers ®f the said Militia during Peace:

An Act to continue, during the Ilestriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and In-" land Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum;" and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of His present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said Act:

An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militiamen in Scotland, when called out into actual Service:

An Act for enlarging the limits of the Southern Whale Fishery:

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland, and for other purposes relating, thereto:

9 An

1

I1,!

r. eil

It;

I";.;

oi

A

1;:

iji

Ai

Cr.

tf

U

A:

» ,\!i

Royal Aik Crr: to iiilis, . V

k

rk

LrH.-i

V. 1,.11

fa.

Jk,

; 10;,

r,

>:n

fe-

r7 ’

"'Gr

1...

k;-

f-j..

-'.'3

rj.

■H-

r, 1 >-;

43 Geo. III.

An Act for explaining, amending, and Enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with water; to paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for erecting a new Court-houi'e and Prison, and other necessary public Buildings in the said Towns:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Countess IVear Bridge t An Act for inclosing and improving a certain tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Town-ship of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nant wick, in the County Palatine of Chtjier:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the County of SomerJ'et.

Haute inform- Mr. Secretary at War informed the House, That he was

«dtfaatCaptaia commanded by the King to acquaint the House, That - i Captain Barlow, of the first regiment of Dragoon Guards,

Andt a Member of this House, having been charged by the Lieutenant Colonel of his regiment with improper conduct, in breach of the Articles of War, has been put in arrest by His Majesty’s command, in order to his being tried by a Court Martial.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His "an^n‘ Majesty, returning His Majesty the Thanks of the House for His gracious Message of this day, and for His tender regard to the privileges of this House, in the communication which He has been pkarcd to make to this House of the reason for putting Captain Barlow in arrest.

Ordered, That the said Act dels be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are ot His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Corn ell.

SiHfcrregn- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according ^rder> a Bill' for authorizing the Billeting of such vSeer Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be Cnp.. desirous ofaflembling for the purpose of being trained p " ■; together; and for subjecting to Military Dilcipiine, du:ing the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or^weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

M to nuke Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable

•oOirncrjof Court of Directors of the India Company to make India Ship*, reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in oriwl' the service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit of such Ships, between certain dates therein to be specified: And that Lord Viscount Castlereagh, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Charles Grant, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, Jhc lame.

OpiSTstock 0'dered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-tf&ftIndia count of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the East India Company; distinguishing the periods when the several Subscriptions constituting that Capital were made, and the produce in Calli of each Subscription respectively.

Sjfr Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into defend. ’ further consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for settling Disputes that may arile between " Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufac-" ture in that part of Great Britain called England," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,-That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Vox.. 58.

597

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh acquainted the House, That Kinp'sMn he had a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed ^oi^Amhi by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the Home; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty acquaints the House of Commons, That in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Jeffery Lord Amherjiduring his command in America, and particularly in the reduction of the Province of Canada, His Majesty was induced, subsequent to the War during which, those Services were rendered, to direct that a Grant should be made to his Lordship, his Heirs and Success'ers, of a certain tract of Land in that Province; but that, in confluence of difficulties arising from local circumstances.

His Majesty’s intentions have not been carried into effect.

His Majesty has ordered the Proceedings relative to this subject to be laid before this House, and His Majesty relies with confidence on the justice and liberality ot His faithful Commons, to make such compensation to the Representatives of the late Lord Amherjias, under the circumstances of the calc, shall appear to them to be adequate and wr. R

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Message be taken into consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered That the Order of the day, for the second read- b;ij ing of t:.e Bill for erecting a Light-house on the Bell or Lipht C>pe Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near the ^’j‘1,eR°"kth entrance of the Firths of Pay and Forth be now read; committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-

felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hawkins Prozvne presented to the House, according Billrcfretf

to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Sc, uh !,l: Twenty Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence pre'eiued" of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the:

Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame: And the fame was received; and read the fii ft time, I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account* count of the Rates of Freight, per ton, annually paid by resetting -the East India Company, from the ift of January 1784 to shipping* the latest period to which the fame can be made up; dif- ordored. tinguishing the nature of the Voyage, and the several Classes of Shipping.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Rates of Freight, per ton (distinguishing Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received for each Voyage performed in the Service of the East India Com- i

pany by the several Ships on whose behalf an increased Peace Freight is now demanded, with the Amount pro-poled to be granted to them by the Company; also the lowed Freight (distinguishing Peace Freight and War Contingencies} received by any Ship of the lame tonnage:

performing the fame Voyage during the same year; and the lowed rate of Freight at which Ships of the fame tonnage have been tendered to the Company since the Peace of Amiens.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Hotife to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon lrin> Mal,> the Bill to amend the Aids now in force for securing the Re|jj|*t101, Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating * 1

the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr-

598

11° Juliu

A. 1803.

in

1J

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took, the Chair of the Committee.

ftd India

fopers,

relented.

dppnJix,

t.\o. ;6.)

Property Duty Kill, u for red.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Alexanderreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoi which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the Ifoule, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements at the Island of Ceylon during the time it has been in the postelfion of Great Britain, to the latest period to which the fame can be made up: And also,

Estimate of Profit and Lois on the End India Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for the year ending ift March 1803, with other Payments in England deducted therefrom.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew; and the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account and Estimate are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for taking into further consideration, Tomorrow, the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain deleriptions of Property, and from Profeftions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

otfifnittee on

I ,•

Ti kV-iVoma

, tui Kxcii'e simulation

j H

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Jufcccs of ing of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Btace&i], to render JuRices of the Peace more safe in the execution c

of their duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refok’ed, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/vedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ^Slury re^ve ^self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, Trish currency, byTreasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

| Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

I Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

\ ' Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments 1. thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

j the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Bill for pro-

to the Poor, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, fur the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament, for the bettei Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excile in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations for the like purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Commissioners of Stamps may authorize Ditlributors to receive Statements and grant Permits, in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

Oi dered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and.desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon curing Re" the Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and J"rt", Vp|a*j.ve Maintenance of the Poor in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bil| relative resolve itleit into a Committee of the whole House, upon to Friendly the Bill for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be efta- d^red’ blithed under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, ro rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the g;ilforpre-Commitf.ee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the serving Bi.uk better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Forest Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, reported. * was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- it;n to rectify ing to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made a Mistake >n in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Lnan Act^ " for enlarging the period for the Payment of part of cer- presentcJ.

" tain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several " Perl'ons connected with, and trading to, the Islands ot " Grenada and Saint VincentAnd the fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the powers of, and explain B;n to and amend an Act, made in the'41 ft year of the reign of p:‘": His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, pa^nd" " paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and other-" wife improving, and keeping in repair, the Streets,

" Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are " and shall be made upon certain pieces or plots ot " Ground in the Parish of Saint Rancrain the County of " Middlesex, belonging to the Right honourable Dowa-

" ger Baroness Southamptonand for including therein

certain other small plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend an Act, made in the forty-full year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving,

" cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise " improving, and keeping in repair, the Streets, Squares,

" and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall " be made upon certain pieces or plots of Ground in the " Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, bell " longing

A:

■k

.t:

lx

a

~k

b.;

ir ■

y,

VI

ii ;•

V.;-;

.t:;:

-I

■E.

/g-

Uv

kfl

J "

v f-r

‘ill

1

; vfJ > I

Si

S;:

amrni

YZl

Au>

1:- 0-;

:'fe,

:o

;S:

5-5

ic

i c

;'Sl

•S

v '‘I;

of

43 Geo. III.

11°—12°

599

" longing to the Right honourable Ann Dowager Baroness the Exportation, for a time to be limited, of a certain

iil ‘'"n.

7 > 7,.

" Southampton"and for including therein certain other small plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Hito amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 2d TtimsPolice year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Acts, ordered. <t . n. tQ Drevent ti,e committing of Thefts and Frai

" An Frauds by

quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Blinds of Guernsey, Jerfy, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port ot Houthambto#, under certain Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Alexander took the Chair of the Committee Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

" Persons navigating Bum-b<iats, and other Boats, upon had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

i’1

v the River Thames," might be read And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of Depredations on the Kiver Thames, and in its vicinity; and to amend the said Act of the leeontl year of His present Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts, so far as relates to the Seizure of Excileable Commodities! And that Mr. Nicholas Vans.lt art, Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mitfpeft*. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 36th injtbeLongi- year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An waUcml. "Aft: for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of "Persons making certain discoveries for finding the " Longitude at Sea, or making other ufcfui discoveries and " improvements in Navigation, and for making Experi-" ments relating thereto," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been

Account

retenei

Dublin Har* boor and Bridget Billy faffed.

issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance and for amending she fame.

thereunto; which they had directed him tp report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee o Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a time to be limited, Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrossed Bill for consolidating the several provisions Bill for toni contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under foliating the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of refowthig Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, was, according to ait<?h«i Order, read the third time; Taxes, parted,

lief/ved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

of the said Act, be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin; and

also, for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain limits, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Irade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more

commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Liffey,’ in the City of Dub; and also, granted to His Majesty. for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain limits.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the several Acts relating to Act relating the Duties under the management of the Commissioners to Alien- *1 for the Affairs of Taxes, might be read. coniid’cron*

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts. -

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deterred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon VNedneiday next, Ways and: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H-mle, to Moans, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply <Jeterrc<1,

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

*1

•fered.

E^onof

Pa to

&c.

The Order of the day being reach for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the leveial Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cales therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Exci.'e on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons foiling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

The House, according to Older, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, upon the Bill to permit Vot. 58.

Martis, 12° die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

SIR John William Anderson reported from the Committee, i^ndon Ccaj to whom the Bill for establishing a Free Market in the Market re-City of London for the Sale of Coals, for defining the di- COg.','jute(l mentions of the different Coal Measures, and for prevent- reported, ing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of '

all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned, was re-committed; That the Committee had gone through the- Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-

GOO

12° Juliu

A. 1803.

Wynch’s Mtate Bill, ioinmittecL

ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George IVynch, Esquire, is seised in Fee-simple, in lieu of, and exchange for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Goner by and , in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said

George Wynch and Mary his Wife, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John IVilium Jnderson, Mr. Henry Lajcelles,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Porto am and Gloucester Debtors Petitions.

A Petition of several Debtors confined in the Common Gaol at Hor/ham, in the County of Sussex: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County Gaol

of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

F«verftone An ingrossed Bill for inclosing certain Lands within the inckmire Bill, Parish of Beverjloue, in the County of , was read

bpa/Tcd

t f

Hackne? Church Bill, passed.

Churches, 2cc.

h:)l,

erdered.

the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beverjione, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging some of the provisions of an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, " palfed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for taking down the Church and Tower belong-" ing to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County " of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower " for the use of the said Parish, and for making an act-" ditional Cemetery or Church-yard; and for raising a " further sum of Money for completing the said Church, " and other works," was read the third time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and enlarging some of the provisions cl an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act. " passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for taking down the Church and Tower belonging " to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of " Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower " for the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church-yard; and for raising a " further sum of Money for completing the said Church, " and other works."

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to promote the building,-repairing, or otherwise providing, of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes; And that Air. Burton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequei, Mr. Bona.Air. Attorney Genera!, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Leycester, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fiance's Pilate Kill, polled, wirh ^meridnicnts.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Land, arid Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, deviled by the Will of the late James France, Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like uses, was read the third time.

" Bye Law."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed Ordered, That Air. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; to by the House.

-ill

and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame* j

with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House 4

doth desire the concurrence of their LordshipL

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* fl Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of Paving, Uu ft Blackburn, in the County Palatine of , and for ®*Jh

improving the Streets and other places within the said 9p to*

Town.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 29* 1. 4. Leave out from " time" to " then," in t

line 16, and insert " and."

1. 18. Leave out " the fame" and insert " their ,4

" dirt, dust, dung, allies, and filth."

Pr. 46. 1. 6. Leave out " this Realm" and insert " that j"

part of the United Kingdom of " Great Britain and Ireland called Eng- [

" land." lJ

Pr. 82. 1. 17* After " respectively" insert Clause (A.)

Claus* (A.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That where any Question " shall arise touching the title of any "

" Person to any Money to be paid L.

" into the Bank of England, in the |1',

" name and with the privity of the ' ‘

" Accountant General of the Court " of Chancery, in pursuance of this " Act, for the purchase of any Mef-:

" fuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any u 1

" Estate, Right, or Interest in any;

" Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tene-" ments, or Hereditaments, to be pur- '-J

" chafed in pursuance of this Act, or to " any Bank Annuities to be purchased " with any such Money, or to the Divi-" dends or Interest of any such Bank " Annuities, the Person or Persons " who shall have been in possession of " such Messuages, Buildings, Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments, at " the time of such purchase, and all " Persons claiming under such Person " or Persons, or under the possession " of such Person or Persons, shall be " deemed and taken to have been " lawfully entitled to such Messuages,

" Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments, according to such -1

" possession, until the contrary shall 'ey.

" be shewn to the satisfaction of the " laid Court of Chancery, and the 1;':

" Dividends or Interests of the Bank r

" Annuities, to be purchased with " such Money, and also the Capital of " such Bank Annuities, shall be paid,

" applied, and disposed of accordingly, ':

" unless it shall be made appear to " the said Court that such possession 1J-.

" was a wrongful possession, and that " some other Person or Persons was " or were lawfully entitled to such "Messuages, Buildings, Lands, It- r

" nements, or Hereditaments, or to: j(

" some Estate or Interest therein." f

Pr. 109. J, 14. Leave out from " thereof" to the end

of line 16. and insert " no." T;[

1. 17. After " be" insert " disqualified from

" being." e -:

I. 18. Leave out " be" and insert "being."

1.19. After " evidence" insert " by reason of " his being an Inhabitant of the said " Town of Blackburn."

Pr. 1x4. L 12. After " Assessment" insert " or of any '.'

"V

43 Geo. III.

12° Julil

601

t,

I'

Jill for better planning the Navy,

StfthTirfc Jtaui fiiJj paned.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging, explaining, amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual the several Acts, and the Term, Tolls, Payments, and powers granted in and by three several Acts, passed in the 224 year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 7th and

Chatham, and for transferring th# administration of the lame to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thurltlay next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys The Lords and Mr. Ord: ' hawa«ree<

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Exchequer raising the sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Brfor the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

- 0 - - - - Adjutants

Bill.

31ft years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame; and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and also, an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, fortieth years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Southwark, to Dockhead, Bermondsey, was read the third Militia of disembodied under an Act of the fame

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead and Hail Bridge, in

Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clout Ling of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thouiimd eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And ailo. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Militia Pay Bill.

Bermondsey, and from the Stones-cnd in Kent Street, South- for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Impor-

wark, to Dartford, to far as respects the Road leading from the Stones-end in Bermondsey Street towards Saint a-Waterings; and also, for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

iiifli adJiiion.il Cudoms. Sc< Duties Bill.

hnl.

London Wiiinry Force Bill, crdci^d.

Bill for relief of Captors cf Prizes, ordsnd.

?il! for PuiWbment oi Oliences in Proving a;PU-c. Emitted.

tation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Ireland-, and also certain Duties of Excile on Spirits and Malt dit-tilled and made in Ireland-, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for don Por to authorize the advancement of further lums of Money IlH: r:vcme‘ out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Im-Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for railing, provement of the Port of London, by the Mayor. Aider-by the City of London, an additional Military Force for men, and Commons of the City of in Common

the better defence and lccurity of the United Kingdom, Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commis-and for the more vigorous prosecut ion of the War: And sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal that the Lord Mayor o i London, Sir John William Anderson, Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of \

Sir William Curtis, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, without any Amendment: And also, i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Little Ormi? for inclosing Commons in the Township of Little Ormfide, Iacloiure B. in the County of Westmorland-, without any Amendment::

And also,

* 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Ravenibom. building a Bridge over the River , at or near B2dsc 8ili>

its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches

thereto; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the relief of the Captors of Prizes with retpeft to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanfutart, the Advocate General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectually providingfor the punishment of Offences in wilfully catling away, burning, or destroying, Ships and. Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

of

at

ilti

■A

LcrJon Miliary Force Bill, Panted.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading r;h for rce.: of the Bill for authorizing the Billeting of tuch Troops Lting Yeo"--of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of vXnteer1 assembling for the purpose of being trained together; and Corps, for subjecting to military discipline, during the War, such deferre'1’ , Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant pay, and all. Trumpeters,

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, retblve itself Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further refill* gulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon The Lord Mayor of London pretented to the House, ac- Thurltlay next, cording to Order, a Bill for railing, by the City of London,

an additional Military Force for the better defence and A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Quen;oti pr security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the cir- vicus, Ncg. prosecution of the War: And the fame was received; and cumstances of the recent Fraud committed on the Bank [a^Fnfud c

by Robert the Bank. And the previous Question being put. That that Ques-time tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second To-morrow-.

p ewtai

tbn,

P’Wented.

Sir Charles Morice Pole presented to the House, according Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for pr to Order, a Bill for improving the Funds of the Chest at ing of the ingrossed Bill for the better preservation of Voi. 58. 7 O , Heath ame ’

Bint, a me i n N Lorelt, p.-.J

<502 12 Q Jidli.A: 1803.

Heath Fqwl, commonly called Black Game, in. the .. Forest, in the County of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better preservation of1 Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the For eft, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their concurrence.

Vocfcdings Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the thrive"^11 House, by His Majesty’s command, xml Amherst, An A bit raft of Proceedings in Council relative to the relented. Grant directed to be made of the Jesuits Estates in Canada to the late Jeffery Lord Amherst.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table.

The said Abstract is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Coast of Scotland, near the entrance of the Firths of Fay ' ft

and Forth.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 3,

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee,;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to ;:’2

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. |:-

Sir Robert John Buxton accordingly reported from the Reported. said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. :r-:.

Ordered,_That the said Report be taken into further ‘

consideration upon Friday next. "u-:

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House. :.;c

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to urin°rR" re^ve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon urnsgre)3tive the Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and »the Poor. Maintenance of the Poor in England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

’ommittee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to 'eac^Bilh resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the execution of their duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shazv Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, i when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

iih justices Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the '•dcred* Bll1> rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of fuel) Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Gover-) nors, respectively: And that Mr. Mr. Wickham, and

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ill respectiru; Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second 'aviCgat!on*nJ reac^‘ng of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of unmitted. Twenty Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the I Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking

the necessary Heps towards executing the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

>mmittee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for erecting

uil on the a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern

11 Kock. 7

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend -

the Acts now in force for securing the Collection of the J J> rei01tcJ* L-; Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal Sale of Spirituous L:,!

Liquors by retail, in Ireland, was committed, the Amend- :i

ments which the Committee had made to the B:i!, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and •;

then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question A;'

leve^illy put thereupon, wqre agreed to by the House: .:.n

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- , -j,

grofled.; ,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Leycester presented to the House, according to Chirac?, &c. Order, a Bill to promote the building, repairing, or other- .^ted 1; J wife providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses p ’ gf* for the residence of Ministers, and the providing of Churchyards and Glebes: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-; 7-j

morrow. c ‘

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. ‘

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Te- inf.-, Trcnr*7 port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum ol One Million, lriih currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thurs-day next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee#* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an societies; Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

D

A Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this Bill tonR-fy present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for en-" larging the period for the Payment of part of certain Loan " sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan, to several commituJ.

" Persons

"k 1

43 Geo. III.

12°—13°

" Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of " Grenada and Saint Vincent" was, according to Order, read a second time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed.

Revived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tipis House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

fwCTitteeon The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-Afrrefpttting folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-dlttntd- ' hder of an Act, made in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making cer-" tain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bin for Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Irritation of Committee of the W'hole House, to whom the Bill to per-Cirttr&c. mit Exportation, for a time to be limited, of a certain reported. quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour. Bread, tfilcuit, or Pulse, to the lllands of Guernsey, jerjjg and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port Southampton, under Certain Keflriftions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Pbrtogai Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the R^taL1’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, for a time to be limited, Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom, without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

r‘ Alexanderpresented to the House, according to

Acts, °ce Order, a Bill to explain and amend two Acts, made in the 2d, and 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the seizure of Exciseable Commodities: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow * Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Pr AVERS.

M ESS AGE by Mr. Qtiarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Roy si Aflei Black Rod: w

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty Y Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Hlgbness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Tcrk, His Royal Highness the Duke ol Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Elis Royal Highness the Duke ct Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the L'itd High Chancellor, the Earl of Rcfs/yn, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accord-iiyrly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: W bicli Bills are as ioiloweth;

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the l'ervice of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain Duties on 1

the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into, j

and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Ireland-, and also, certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year pne thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act to revive, and further continue, until the ]

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred ;!

and four, and amend so much of an Act, made in the >;

thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament: ;i

An Act to authorize the advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London by the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council afisembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London:

An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for im- I

proving the Streets and other places within the said Town:

An Act for inclosing Commons in the Township of Little Ortnftde, in the County of Wefi: An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tything of Sutton next Wokeing, in the Parish of in the \

County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Great Grimtb Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Eurgels, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Grimfoy, in the County of Lincoln, in the room, of AyfcogheBoucherett, Esquire, who, ’

since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred 1

in the County of Berks. 1

Vol. 58.

/v retmon or me several rerions, wnote names are there- Petition of unto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Common ProPnctors Rights in the Parish of Worplefdon, in the County of wTylL,

"0,

Incloi'ure

13° J

604

Surrey, was presented to the Holland read; taking notice of the BiH for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of-JVorpleJdon and Wanborow, and in the Manor of Wanborow, in the Parishes of AJ}} and in the County of Surrey, and setting forth, That the Petitioners are ready to prove to the House that George Smal/piece, of Stoke next Guildford, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, the foie Commissioner named in the said Bill, is an improper person to be appointed such Commissioner; and that the Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill are, in other respects, injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now {lands; and that they may be heard, by their counsel, against the provisions thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The, Ho"fc proJc"d"!,0, tajc into ""Meration the . to jKavenf- Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled borne Bridge An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravenjberne agreed to. at or near lts mouth or outlet into the River Thames in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto.

i And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 48. I20. After " respectively," insert Clauses (A ) and (B.) v v

Cl a use (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That in case the person or persons to whom any sura or iums of Money shall be awarded for the purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good title to the Premises, to the satisfadlion of the said Directors, or m case such person or persons to whom such sum or sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the person or persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not

known or discovered, then and in ‘‘ fvenr such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any five or more of them, to order the said sum or sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of in the name and

with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them) subject to the order, controul, and dispofi-

(C

<c

u

€C

«C

C(

<c

<c

ct

€i

cc

cc

Clause (B.) <c Provided

or

or

in

A.1803.

Order in the premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such sum or sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such sum or sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for, whole use the fame is or are received, to such person or persons as shall pay any such sum or sums of ‘ Money into the Bank as aforesaid." ivided always, and be it Enacted, That where any Question shall arise,

" touching the Title of any person to " any Money to be paid into the Bank " of England, in the name and with the " privity of the Accountant General " of the Court of Chancery in pursu-" ance of this Act, for the purchase " of any Lands, Tenements, or Here-" ditaments, or of any Estate, Right,

" Interest, inany Lands, Tenements,

" Hereditaments, to be purchased " pursuance of this Act, or to any " Bank Annuities to be purchased " with any such Money, or the Divi-" dends or Interest of any such Bank " Annuities, the person or persons who " shall have been in possession of such " Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-" ments, at the time of such purchase, " and all persons claiming under such " person or persons, or under the pof-" fefiionof such person or persons. shall " be deemed and taken to have been " lawfully entitled to such Lands, Te-" nements, or Hereditaments, accord's ing to such possession, until the con's trary shall be shewn to the satisfac-" tion of the said Court of Chancery, " and the Dividends or Interest of the " Bank Annuities to be purchased " with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, ftiaU be paid, applied, and disposed of ‘‘ accordingly, unless it shall be made '* appear to the said Court that such " possession was a wrongful possession, " and that some other person or per-‘‘ fons was or were lawfully entitled to " such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-taments, or to some Estate or In-e‘ terest therein."

The said Amendments being severally read a fecon time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

'^Ordered That Sir 'joinFrederick do carry the Bill, to the

Lordfr and acquaint them, that this House hath ag.eed to the Amendments made by their Lord Hups.

<C

cc

13 (

AP

pkni

this

Cd

Or,'.:

i:?x

; feq

rr?jhr ei. in

id

IV

It:. :xJ P:.

ft. 11

ft. I:

V

r,v|

ife; Aj A;

' h\

Vl

ia;i 1;j;

' Hr.' ■-'til •lt.fr

t :■ -t‘

ft.;

Ife.

i!h

f.

■fe.

__________,_______,____ t. Sir Robert reported from the Committee to

tion of the said Court of Chancery, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act which said Court of Chancery, on forvefting thedefcended EstatesoltheMofthonourableffWr the application of any person or per- lateMarquisof Downshire, and late Marquis of

fons making claim to such sum or fe&hv, respectivelydeceased, in Trustees, in trull, to be disposed sums of Money, or any part thereof, of under the directions of the High Court of Chancery, for by Motion or Petition, shall be and payment of their respective Debts, wras committed; That is hereby empowered, in a summary the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, way of proceeding or otherwise, as to and found the same to be true; and that the part ies concerned^ the fame Court shall seem meet, to had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfoction ol

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Marquis of . , Dawiirtiirc’s y Ellate Bill, j

reported, ar.» .,. passed. -

" order the same to be laid out and *' inverted in the Public Funds, and " to order clistribution thereof, or " payment of the Dividends thereof, " according to the respective Estate " or Estates, Title or Interest, of the person or persons making claim

" thereunto, and to make such othe agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition

t;

‘V

fe

it:1

'"fe.:

' fe:

Vt

'-fe

set!

fe

43 Geo. III.

<305

gHtfoiti A Petition of the Debtors in the Prison of Hertford, 'was Debtors presented to the House, and read; complaining of theif p®ti0D' distress} and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

liihMalt, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading sc. of the ingrossed Bill to amend the Acts now in force for £fbff«L securing the collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and preventing the illegal sale of Spirituous Liquors by retail in Ireland, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 5. To leave out " which," and insert any " place within which County," instead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 5. After (A.) to insert "or in any other " form sufficient in Law."

1.-33. T° leave out " such," and insert the " Townland or," instead thereof.

1. 37. Alter (B.) to iniert " or in any other " form sufficient in Law."

Pr. 12. 1. 10. After (C.) to insert " or in any other " form sufficient in Law."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend the Acts novtf in iorce for securing the collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ormjbydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Colhatch, from the

nmtdfrom Commissioners of Excite, attended at the door; he was DiiWiers of called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-England, hunt to their Order,

ftcicnud, An Account of the quantity of Home-made Spirits permitted from the grols Distillers of England, from the 13 th June to the 5th July 1S03.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. AffnJix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 60.) this volume.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to *fwttd, and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Mendes was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was resdhthe third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

I ^wcli Inland

i ^'gation,

; dficrrtd.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Weliern Sea by Inverness and Fort and for taking

Lhe necessary steps towards executing the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itfelt into the said Committee.

Tiu°me, mtnd Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-bHceAfts, *ng of the Bill to explain and amend two Acts, made in Kailua, the 2d, and 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by persons navigating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual preven-Vol. 58.

tion of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the seizure of Exciseable Commodities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Churches, &< ing of the Bill to promote the building, repairing, or other- rn^|,tMl wile providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the residence of Minitters, and the providing of Churchyards and Glebes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " now," and inserting the words " upon this day six months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " now,"

Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Leycester,

tellers for the leas,^Mr>

Tellers for the Noes,$Hr*

’(Mr. Ivanas:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itfelr into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller The Lords

and Mr. Ord: - hive agreed t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: East India for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by Wet Dock* making Docks and other works at Biackwall, for the ac- 1 * commodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port j j

without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this Amendment House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Laud, and materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the will of the late James France, Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like uses.-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Abstract: of Proceedings in Council, Proceedings1 relative to the Grant directed to be made of the Jeluits °* Council Estates in Canada to the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, be j^d Amber printed for the Members of the House. 'to be printed

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for Ex-ing of the ingrossed Bill to permit the Exportation, fora portation of time to be limited, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Guernsey, & Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, of Pulse, to the Iflarids of deferred.’; Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Rellric-tions, be now read.-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- London

ing of the Bill for railing, by the City of an addi- MUirary Foi,

tional Military Force for the better defence and security committed.

of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

- P

And

6l.

| 18.

BilT'for procuring Returns relative to the Poor* reported#

Lift of Pen* iions, ordered.

Irish Justices of Peace Bill, prelected#

3111 to render nore effectual vlilitia Completion Act, ordered.

Report of ? Property luty Bill, irther con-rlered, and ill, re-

,'otion fcr rlnstruction, (NCg )

606

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Robert John Buxton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for procuringReturnsrelative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, ofie by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all Pensions granted, and now payable, to Natives and Foreigners, from the i ft of January 1800 up to the present time.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for more " speedily completing the Militia of Great raised

" under two Acts, palfed in the forty-second year of the " reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said * Acts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to render the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for talcing into further consideration the Report of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Proses-lions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

- A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make provision in the said Bill, that the like Exemptions and Abatements shall be allowed to persons possessed of Income arising from Land, or from Property in the Public Funds, as shall be allowed on the like amount of Income arising from any other description of Property, Trade, Profession or Employment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

13d J

A. 1803.

Tellers for the Yeas, f^r* £*» ,

(Mr. Henry Lascelles:

Tellers for the Noes \ Mr* Attorney General, o ’(Mr. Rond:

■do it passed in the Negative.

} S°* } 150.

Bill

ranfidcred.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. r.

The House accordingly resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to WA MilW» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Scotch consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the foii<iati.aBiil, provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the deferred. Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain, called Scotland was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

ikrei 3 tie

u

jcorrov , Tie

' [xni

;«}fc *?.[. 1 :P-ya S0C

JIr.S

Mr.;

»!:.$

JL:

ifa

itk

■I-c I

:i:i

‘2312

ired.

Ways and Means, deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill for p"-from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effec- offenen'm tually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully defraying calling away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels, *tip5’4c< and for the more convenient trial or Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Re- justic«of port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Peace Bill, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to deferre<i* render Justices of the Peace more safe in the execution of their duty, was committed;

Ordered, Tnatthe said Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Bill relative of the ingrossed Bill, for enabling Friendly Societies intended to Friend,!r to be established under an Act, passed in the j3d year of 8°SS&

the

SI-5;!

Jto

:-u. K

ifcj

hi:

I; A:

i:i

-'.:j

ki

v: -An;

■.* 1 4’j

r

43 Geo.

13"—14°

607

I'A VSa

KlLi:;

ilflers.

kt:

AM'S

TatiC*

lO.rii’i,

tan:

'Wi

Wro'i ft* i ed-

tena*

ffJC'

hipife*

the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry or their Rules;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To*

morrow.

flgeoitteeon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Dili to rectify Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rectify to a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia-lmt& ment, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the period for the " Payment of part of certain Turns of Money, advanced by " way of Loan, to several Persons connected with, and trad-" ing to, the Wands of Grenada and Saint Vincent."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do make the Report from scartho and the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, altering* Roi<1 and widening, the Road from a Lane called Back , reported,

in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Pa-* rish of Louth, in the County of Linco, was committed.

• Mr. Chaplin accordingly reported frdm the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had'directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they upon, were agreed to by the House. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when grafted, the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. The House proceeded to take into consideration the

Lords Amendment

Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, to Barm by The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of upon-Dunn

Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the Parish of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in lncoure 1

C<wnittceOB

Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act,

ttide.

Wine Bui, pH

fi?

Mi*

,®!W,

toti&Qi,

made in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the encourage-" ment and reward of Persons making certain Discoveries " for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful " Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for " making Experiments relating thereto."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrafted Bill to permit, for a time to be limited, Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Re-ltri&ions, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. To leave out " one hundred" and insert " fifty," instead thereof.

1.40. To leave out " twenty-five " and insert " fifteen," instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 6. To leave out " fifty" and insert * twenty-" five," infte.'d thereof 1. 7, To leave out " twenty" and insert " ten," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and ware-housed in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House, having continued to lit till after Twelve of the clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

agreed to.

Jovis, 14° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIId* Regis, 1803. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors confined in the Sheriff’s Lx Ward or Prison of Bodmin, in the County of Cornel: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol at Maidstone;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Vei. 38. v

the West Riding of the County of 2'ork,

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17.1. 26. Leave out " Lady" and insert "Dowager."

And the House being informed, that the several parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment made by the Lords, and gave their consent to the said alteration;

The said Amendment was read a second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Report Dewfcury from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr, Henry Lujcelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of I

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee;

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their coafent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates, assessed to the Land Tax at f.26. 2 s.6 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and

also, the Owaers of Estates assessed at £.8. 5 who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 148. 9J. 6d.; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be re- 1

ported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- JJillrespecting ing of the Bill for improving the Funds of the Chest at ^tham * Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the fame committed, to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upop the said Bill.

608

14°

London Coal Market Bill, passed.

An ingrafted Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals; for defining the dimensions of the different Coal Meal'ures; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of Lwithin certain places therein mentioned, was read the third time.

1803.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- irifo juflire. ing of the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and places in Ireland more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors,

fee

.w-

The Amendments following were severally proposed to and Deputy Governors, respectively, be now read

be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.69. I.27. After " Measur" to insert "of the " form, size, and dimensions, directed by an Act, made in the 12th year of the reign of Queen Anne, inti-" tuled, " An Act for the l'peedy and

Pr. 71. 1.15.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow, resolve itself effectual preserving the Navigation into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, of the lliver of Thames, by flopping

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for ing of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ofoitl?*; for the more effectually providing for the punishment of destroyin" m Offences in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying, SIlTs. Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of *wfied' Acceftaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an

h.

the breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of " Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal " Measure."

After " gratis " to insert " under the penalty of Ten Pounds."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe- Ad, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King

.L 1 ' ‘ 1 the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to

Murders, and to Manslaughters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Justices of Peace Bill, reported with Amendments.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill for ing of the ingrafted Bill to permit the Exportation, for a ofcom w Mr. Shaw Lcfevre, according to Order, reported from time to be limited, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Ouemfcy,0

r;C

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the execution of their duly, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1.17.

Bill relative Friendly Societies, fulled*

Leave out " action or," and leave out " suit or suits."

1. 34. Leave out from " effect " to " such," in Pr. 2.1. 3. and insert " in case."

Pr. 2. 1. 4. Leave out from " quashed" to " the," in 1. 7.

1. 9. Leave out " suit or suits."

1.17. Leave out from " whatsoever " to the end of the Bill; and insert " unless it shall "be expressly alledged in the Decla-" ration in the Action wherein the; " Recovery shall be had, and which " shall be in an Action upon the case " only, that such acts were done ma-" liciously, and without any reasonable " and probable cause."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

to . Ordered, That the Order of the day, for tire third reading of the ingrafted Bill for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be establfthed under an Act, passed in the 33d year of the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes ' made in the Registry of their Rules, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the [(lands of &c> Passed-Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to permit the Exportation, for two years, of & certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alder- 1

ney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- London solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ml^'^FofC the Bill for railing, by the City of London, an additional deferred. Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- BiH for ing of the Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of and Volunw assembling for the purpose of being trained together; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and ail Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

-----— r . j 1 . u of the whole House.

An Act for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-establfthed under an Act, passed in the thirty-third year o pQjvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made

in the Registry of their Rules.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their concurrence. Committee defend

5

said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- C*'fn:oS ther coosideration the Report which was made from the jm,

Mi

};•.

4,

’■& Tom

‘uGkloi,•

43 Geo. III.

14° Julii.

609

ITf? f'

Bill

longitude,

oraered.

Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Disputes that may arile " between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton " Manufacture, in that part of Great Britain called -" land,"was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 5th wpefting the year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An 1,^'tuiie. <{ por explaining^ ancj rendering more effectual, two Acts, one made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen " Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for " felt Person or Personsas flail the Longitude at Sea;

" and the other in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King " George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more efella a I " an Act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Ma-" jejlyQueen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick

" Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the " Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments " of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and " to enlarge the number of Commissioners for putting in " execution the said Act," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual the said Ad: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Sir Philip Stephens, Sir Mr.

’James Adams, Mr. Markham, and Mr. Garthjhore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

EI;

hr: o- Cr

AffcfTctl Taxes Bill; deferred.

■ Vr P'

Scotch Af-'CUd Taxes Consolidation hill,

deferred.

P

f*

I L-

1

1

pitteton M to amend

Tiurne3

, r

f'i

ti \

A3s.

pon

Act

uPgtte

aStttde,

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whoie House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excile on Licences, and on Carriages construded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, lo far as the lame relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend two Acts, made in the ad, and 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the seizure of Exciseable Commodities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Vol. 58.

to consider of an Act, made in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons mak-" ing certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea,

" or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be appi.ed out of any Monies unapplied to the use of the Navy, in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards encouraging and rewarding such Person or Persons who shall make any discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though they do not entitle the Discoverers to the greater rewards specified in an Act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, yet may be adjudged by the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea to be of considerable ule to the Public; and all such other Person or Persons as shall make any other useful discoveries and improvements in Navigation, and towards the better making of Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the said Commissioners in carrying the Acts relative thereto into execution.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gem Icmen, Ir.stru&iun. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the 5th year of the reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr Alexander, according to Order, reported from the B:!!tore<5Kf>

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to rec- Grenada, C&c. tify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of I.^an Act Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the period rePorteJ-" for the Payment of part of certain lums of Money, ad-" vanced by way of Loan, to several Persons connected " with, and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint '

" Vincentfwas committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report f

in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the,

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. HileyAddingtonpresented to the House, according Billtorende

to Order, a Bill to render an Act, made in this present Sel- \hj7tia Com" fion of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the* pletion Act,: Militia of Great Britain, more effectual: And the fame Presented* was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Committeeo solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Pr'0Cpertyltte< fider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a Duty Bill, time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was dire (fled by the Committee to move, that they may have . j

leave to fit again.

Drilled by G.OOOO

610

Bill to make Allowances io Owners of India Ships, prei'ented.

Accounts ’ ordered s

Building and •Outfit of Bast India Ships,

Spirits imported into England from Ireland,

P!

i!

: Bill for

procuring , Returns rela--:ive to the Poor, deferred.

14°—15°

A. 1803.

Rejoived, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Lord VifcoUnt Caflereagh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bi to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the service of the said

An Act for repairing, altering) and widening, the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Farish of , in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to Chedworth Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence at- whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the re-comiStted tending the outfit of the said Ships, between certain dates ° in’ ' ' ^ therein to be specified: And the fame was received; and read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

frish Treasury Mils Bill, ‘deferred.

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, Bill, and Commonable Woods and Waste Land, within the reP3rted* Manors and Pari (hes of Chedworth and Compton Ahdale, in the County of Gloucester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

to by the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Coll of Building and Outfit of a Ship of 8oo tons in the service of the East India Company, in the years Question severally put thereupon, were agreed 1790, 1791, 1792, 1795, 1800, and 1802, according to House the Ellimates of the Mailer Attendant of the said Company) and also, of the Coll of the Building and Outfit of a Ship of 1,200 tons in the fame years.

ft

0

s:thir

io.

, 1*

i:e £-

ta:

i: c

"i

-•ncl

•ft

:;Lo:

lie

aft

ae

hi

hi

■x.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

IP;

r,.: J

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Spirits imported into England from Ireland, from the 13th of June to the 5th of July 1803; disti'nguishing the different Ports at which such

The House being informed that Mr. Ozuen, from the Am runt of Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Company, * pursuant to their Order, patented.

An Account of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the

Importations took place, and also the days on which the East India Company; distinguishing the periods when the Entries were made. r 1 c Lr ' 11 " ■'

The other Orders of the day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of One Million, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, be received this day.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England, be read the third time this day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

several Subscriptions constituting that Capital were made, and the produce in Cash of each Subscription respectively. And then he withdrew) and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

ft;

ft

■ i 11:

hi: I:; I:

•ftl. 11 ft.

Aindixy

(No. 77.:

Veneris, 15° die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

' Harrow School Estate Bill reported, uid passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committee <m resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Navigation^ Thousand Pounds, towardsdefraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhousetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

11;.,'

-ft

•"ft

Prayers.

QUR John William Anderson reported from the Committee, the House will please to receive the same

__to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfactioa of the Committee) and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

AlVeiitd

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Sir William Weller h^e agreed t« Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management sperting of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same) without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to trifli Cu^ms amend several Acts of Parliament for the better col left ion and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Ex- giii. cife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further'Regulations relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland

•fti;

ft; i;

;--.j 1

'■-•-.I

Dublin

Harbour

cartho and Louth loifi Bill, i'TccL

in the fortieth year of the reign An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, and widening, of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious) and Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the for repairing and preserving the walls of the lliver Anna County of Lincoln, was read the third time. Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and also for empowering the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. Corporation for preserving and improving* the Port of

Dublin,

Bridjjes

,»nil

Bill*

-ft,.

ft

'■-•I

ft

■ft

1

611

43 Geo. III.

15? Juliu

Chtint

L,

At:': u :i1 :r.t

Co:.'.

Tow-

Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain limits; without any Amendment: And

also, ...

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing-path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bridge, in the

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they

County of Worcester, to the deep Water at Diglis, below had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

W»ag*

The lords Ted

Quelle’* Nat. Bill.

the City of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

____ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

hcioiure Bill, fa inclosing Lands in the Township of and in the

Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christoph Lebrecht Quelle-, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading

Liverpool

Debtors

Petition.

B'H for procuring Returns relative to the Poor, pa£aL

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deyflmry the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within Bl

the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Township of Dezvfbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, was ead the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or

of the ingrafted Bill for procuring Returns relative to the Rectory-Manor and Township of in the Weft

Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England, be now Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bil! to amend Thames Police Acts, reported.

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend two Acts, made in the 2d and 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for prevent-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to ren<t< reading of the Bill to render an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the pietion Act, Militia of Great Britain, more efredual, be now read. committed. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. J

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee;

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself

ing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by persons navi- into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, gating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames,

and for the more effectual prevention of Depreciations thereon, so far as relates to the leizure of Excileable Commodities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aiecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a iecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Green-

2.1! for fetter

lining (he

fey,

"•Gained.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to refHfy ing of the ingrafted Bill, to rectify a Mistake in an Act, Greaai^&c made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Loan Ait, tc Act for enlarging the period for the payment of part " of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan,

" to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the

" Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincenbe now read.;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the period for the Payment of part of certain Sums of " Money, advanced by way of Loan, to several Persons 1

" connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada " and Saint Vincent."

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which East India . were presented to the House upon the 28th day of April, Re^nue^Ac the 5th day of May, and upon Monday last, and this day, counts, refer-by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Com- Coni pany, be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House. * '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday seven-night, the .25th day of this instant July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- Curates Refq 1 couraging the residence of Stipendiary Curates on their

Cures: And that Sir William Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the

wick Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Exchequer, and the Advocate General, do prepare, and Pensioners on the said Funds, be now read. bring in, the fame.

Vol. 58.

612

1 r-o 7 *

lo J

A. 1803.

mmittee on urchcs, &c.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ever circumstances, wholly out of the control of the Peti-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tioners, may impede the demand for, or obstruct the re-the Bill to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise export of Sugar to the principal markets upon the Con-providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses, for tyient, a glut of that article being, at such times, accu-the refulence of Ivlinifters, and the providing of Church- mulated in the Ports of Great Britain, by Laws which reyards and Glebes, be now read. strict the trade and navigation of her Colonies; and that

And the said Order being read accordingly; thus a Duty of Twenty Shillings per hundred weight, the

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, propriety of which was vindicated by existing high average That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; prices, amounting to upwards of Eighty Shillings per

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 9th hundred weight, has been continued under average prices

year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby " the fame become unalienable," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas^j^f"

Mr. Sargent:

44-

Tellers for the Noes, j ^5?

7

5

29.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

of 55J. to 56s. per cwt. at the same time that all the articles exported from this Country, for the use of the Colonies (to which their consumption is by Laiw confined) have increased in price, within the said ten years, not less than per cent.; and that it may add to the informa-

tion of the House to {late, that, when the average price of Sugar at the British market is 565. per cwt. the part thereof which is passed to the Planter’s credit is about 1 d. \ per lb. from which fund principally he has to maintain and cultivate his Plantation, and to pay his internal taxes, and all other general and incidental expences, and this sets entirely aside any return justly due to the capital he has employed; and that the heavy Duties upon the article of Sugar, so disproportionate to its average price, are more particularly ruinous to that large class of Planters, who, from circumstances inseparable from the foil they cultivate, produce only the lower qualities of Sugar, since the average price of that article is constituted from qualities which, at the present market, differ in price from 205. to 30J. per cwt.; that thus, when the average net proceeds of Sugar are only 1 d. -- per lb. there is a numerous description of Planters who receive far less than even that pittance; and that under thele circumstances, and with

rish Treasury >i]i» Kill, resorted.

1

the prolpeft of an obstructed intercourse with the Con-Mr. Alexander, according to Older, reported from the tinental markets, the Petitioners fee, with the greatest Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for alarm, further additional heavy Duties imposed on the raising the sum of One Million, Irish currency, by Treasury staple articles of their production. Sugar and Rum; Du-Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand ties which those articles, already so heavily burthened, are eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amend- totally unable to bear, and this additional Duty, in re-ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and spect to Sugar, still levied indiscriminately on all the de-which they had directed him to report to the House; and feriptions of that article, without regard to quality or he read the Report in hi? place; and afterwards delivered price; and that the Petitioners, owing to thele and other

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the British West India Colonies, was presented tivetothe to the House, and read; setting forth, That, with deep regret, the Petitioners feel themselves compelled, by an accumulation of distress, which they have of late years experienced, to lay before the House the chief causes of that distress, and to pray for such relief as, upon principles of public justice and public policy, the House, in its wisdom, shall think fit to apply; and that the Petitioners have, by the employment of a vast capital in the improvement of the Plantations in the Indies (to which they have been encouraged by many express Acts of the Legislature) not only been able, for a long time palt, plentifully to supply the markets of the Mother Country with their great staple article of Sugar, but also to provide a considerable surplus thereof, which, by its re-export to other parts of Europe, has greatly contributed to iwell the balance of British trade, and to preserve and nourish

Petition of VVMi India

Duty on

t

i{\

*h)

sjien I

.tJ

y.;tl

r.:(

disadvantages, arc ready to prove to the House, that they have, for several years past, been cultivating their properties, not only without an adequate return for the capital embarked thereon, but in many instances to an actual lols: And therefore praying, That their case, so intimately connected with the maritime and commercial prosperity of the Empire, may be fully investigated; and that such relief may be granted to them therein, both in respect to the quantum of Duty levied on their produce, and to the mode of levying the fame, as may to the wisdom of the House appear just and expedient.:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Cotton Mi-further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for settling Disputes that " may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that part of Great Britain " called England " was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration uponTuefday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t,ry Force those chief sources of the power and independence of the the Bill for railing, by the City of London, an additional Bill. Mother Country, her commercial and maritime strength; Military Force for the better defence and security of the and that, inasmuch as the very heavy and continually in- United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution i

of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

creasing Duties on Sugar may have tended to check that consumption at home, which would otherwise have pro-gre(lively met the increased production in the Islands, they have proved grievous burthens on the Petitioners; but, although attended with a provision df equal Drawbacks and Bounties, they do fall principally, or entirely, upon the Petitioners, and not upon the home consumers, when-

Mr. Alderman Combe took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, That

they

r

43 Geo. III.

they had gone through the kill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received d'o-morrove.

pjnnitteeon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to nS- consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the clock on Saturday morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

fonherCon- The Order of the day being read, for taking into further fe-ytonof consideration the' Report which was made from the Select MLiftRe- Committee, appointed to consider of the Charge upon trrj!,it- His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue;

fcriJ- Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday next.

ji’lrtfpfSing Mr. A"tcholas Vunfit tart presented to the House, accord-tetonji; |Dg Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, Me,present- paycj jQ p)C -tj, year of the reign of His present Majesty,

relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons rriaking certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred -by the Commillloners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time this day.

dl3

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lofds, inti- Justices of tuled. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more lafe in the execution of their duty, be read the third time -this day.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for deferred! the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in ;more

safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others a<sting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till tins Morning*

Eleven of the clock.

Sabhafi, 16° cite Julii;

Anno 43° Georgii III1" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. from the Accounts

Directors of the EnjlIndia Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the shipping, House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

An Account of the Rates of Freight, per ton, annually paid by the East India Company, from the ill January 1 704 to the latest period to which the lame can be made up; distinguishing the nature of the Voyage, and the several Claims of Shipping: And also,

An Account of the Rates of Freight, per ton (distin-guishing Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received for each Voyage performed in the service of the East India Company by the teveral Ships on whole behaltan increased Peace Freight is now demanded, with the Amount pro-poled to be granted to them by the Company; alto the lowest Freight (distinguishing the Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received by any Ship of the lame tonnage performing the lame Voyage during the same year; and the lowed rate of Freight at which Ships of the lame tonnage have been tendered to the Company since the Peace of Amiens.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 78.}

(Her for Bill The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

; Tuesday last, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

fes, dif- Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing targtd. and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

; f'J'f pC,p' Resolved, That this I Ionic will, upon Monday next, rc-hbeconfi^5’ ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-«<!. liderof granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into Great Britain.

The other Orders of the day being read;

ration Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Meftage of Monday last, respecting a Compensation to the Repre-I trig. ’ fentatives of the late Lord Amkerjl be taken into conli-dcration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the tuitonthe whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting a Lighthouse tekr<k, on the Belt or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast Scotland, C"trTtd‘ near the Entrance of the Firths of Tay and Forth, was j committed, be taken into further consideration upon

l/ Tuesday next.

bn'*' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Jjvsand Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-| tend.’dc' solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

VOL. 58.

Mr. IlobJwnfe, according to Order, reported from the Billrespect-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inhndNavi*' granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty Thousand gat ion, j Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an In- rePortwL j land Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by ]

Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered '

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Curat.-? Order, a Bill for encouraging the residence of Stipendiary Residence Curates on their Cures: And the lame was received; and ^J11’piclent read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The ingrafted Bill to explain and amend two Acts, Bill to m

made in the 2d and 39th and 40th years of the reien of Thames

nli 6, Po,ice Acts

7 At — - HlS passed.

614

16°—18° Jufn.

A. 1803.

Mis prel?nt Majesty, for preventing the comrjiitting of United Kingdom, and for the more v-igorous prosecution Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats, and ‘ J

other Boats, Upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the seizure of Excileable Commodities, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the fe- mic[ea

Cond and thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of confulcr further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for pmy Duty

0/:

of the War, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committtt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to re-committed Pro-

ill respea-

ig the in gi tncie, immitted.

"omtnitlee on Jill to render nore dleitual lilitu Com-•iction Ait.

.nstruction.

His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River ’Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the seizure of Excileable Commodities.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Dif-coveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other uteful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for clilcharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a second time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, more effectual;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable " His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in " England, an additional Military Force for the better " defence and security of the United Kingdom, and f;r the " more vigorous prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnltruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said

Bill for amendin'; and rendering more effectual the said

, 0.0

Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of cer- Ml' tain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made'a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fuler further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of infliTrwfury One Million, Irish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the M1* service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred u ne * and three, be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill trom the Lords, inti- Justices of tuled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in Fc;’ceM], the execution of their duty, be read the third time upon dcteilea’ Monday nexr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, rc- irish justice* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ^PeuceBiii, Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors e ^re * and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

JLutice, 18° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Ozven, from the Accounts Directors of the Fafl India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to oiuritotEast the House, pursuant to their Order, India ship^.

An Account of the Cost of building and outfit of a Ship of 800 tons, in the serviccof the East India, Company, in the years 1790, 179^ 1792,179y, 1800, and 1802, according to the Estimates of the Mailer Attendant of the said Company: And also.

An 1 Account of the Cost of building and outfit of a

jii II faty

k'd-i

I'*

ir

T,<‘

>1:

:L:

1-A

t. [

fry

imported.

Mr, Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Ship of 1200 tons, in the service of the East India Company, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made in the years 1790, 1791, 1 792, 1 795, 1800, and 1802, ac-to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report cording to the Estimatcs of the Mailer Attendant of the to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and said Company.

.ivJcm Miii-

: v F'l'cc i;, deterred.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in dt the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing, by the City of London, an additional Military force for the better defence and security of the 6

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the said Lift was read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts are inferred in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix,

(No. 78-)

The House being informed that Mr. from the p"°"nn!nt

Exchequer, attended at the door; lie was called in; and, Taxes, pre-at the Bar, presented to trie House, pursuant to their fcnted-Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes in Great Britain, in the years and quarters ending the 5th of July 1802 and 1803, respectively.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered,

ofr,;

y:i

K’

43 Geo. III.

13d

615

'T. rt

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabid. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. James Graham reported firorii the (Committee, to \frhom

ja respfft-

in j Scotch Inland Mvigation, piled

Lord Stawe

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing new Tru flees for the purposes of certain passed. Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right honourable Henry Lord with Mary Spinster,

how the Right honourable Mary Lady Shrivel/, and for

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading other purposes, was committed; That the Committee had of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and found the fame Twenty Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Con lent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee;

Western Sea, by Invemefs and Fort William, and for taking and that the Committee had directed, him to report the the necessary Reps towards executing the fame, be now Bill to die House, without any Amendment: And he deread. livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And the said Bill was read the third time.

The said Bill was read the third time. _ Re [Wed, That the Bill do pals.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the

An Act for granting to His Majesty the turn, of Twenty Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of mak- to the fame, without any Amendment, ingan Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western

r r i T— rr/Mi- l/V i- . i

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Chedworth the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and Commonable Woods and Waste Land, within the p Manors and Pari (lies ol Chedworth and Compton Abdale, in the County of was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Pavifhes of Chedzuorth and Compton Abdale, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and tiefire their concurrence.

-D r

Sea, by Inverness and Fort Williamand for taking the ne-

cellary Heps towards executing the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Hazvkins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

doa Mr. Alderman Combe, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ...Maud raising, by the City of London, an additional Military Force jfcommitted. for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was. read.

And the House being informed that l'everal other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Conmittee on

K-lief to tewors of fciits.

f'kagi.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houft;, to con-lider of granting relief to the Captors of Prizes with respect to bringing Prize Goods into Great Britain, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tiie House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobkoufe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Iiobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

trainee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-•!ms solve itlell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other uletul Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred h}’ the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; lhe House rdolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob house took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hob house reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.T Vol. 58.

Am ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Northr the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Com- inciofi mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within North- paflcil‘ newton, otherwise Northnezvington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford, was read the tiiird time.

The Amendments following were ievcrally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 15. After " Head Land?," to insert "lying " with the arable in the Common " Field."

1. 19. To leave out from "And" to "in," in ].

• 21. and insert " in the same manner

" one-filth of the arable, and one-" ninth of the greenfvvord of the old " Inclol'ures and Homesteads," in-ftcad thereof.

Pr. 26. 1. 28 After " Successors," to insert " with the " consent of the Bishop of the Dio-

newton InclosureBilJ

ccfc.

that the parties inte-

And the House being informed relied were consenting thereto;

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Northuewton, otherwise Northnewington, in the Parish of Brin the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary Fourth rc. to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the P"rt of Com. door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Nav-u^n °F

House, quiry, pre-

The Fourth Report of the Commissioners appointed by ie, lted* an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregu-" larities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been prac-" tiled by Persons employed in the several Naval Depart -" ments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize " Agency, and to report such Observations as shall occur " to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and " Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing the " business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency in " future."

And then he withdrew?; and the Title was read.

Ordered,

ithwark id Bill.

616

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. ‘ Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred among the other Papers of this Session.

c Lords . A'Message from the Lords, by Mr. Urilmot and Mr. e agreed to Pop/nvn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the term and powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from Nezv Street, Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Free/chool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head, and Lilli put Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street, South nark, to Dart ford, so far as respects the Road leading Irom the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint <TkomctS-a~l¥aterings; and also, for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Ber-mondsey, in the County of Surrey \ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River ‘Tamar % at or near Morwellham Quay, to the Town of Tavistock \ and also a certain collateral Cut. to

l&Jidif.

agreed to by the

A. 1803.

House, to be made part of the

J3

pH

V

uC

e

'j

•e

mar Canal U.

upon,

Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For authorizing persons holding Lands in mortmain, to give or grant a certain part thereof for Glebes or Church-yards.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a blank; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* groiled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered That the Order of the clay, for the third read- IriftiTrwfurj lying of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of One Million, ee

hish currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland,

for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now ::

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; y

The said BUI was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be,

An Act for raising the sum of One Million, Irish currency.

lead from the said Canal to Mill Hdl Bridge, in the County by I rendu ry Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one

11 reTpecVirg uet*i\ Anne's nun tv, with

i Amend-,ent.

of Devon; without any Amendment: and Alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the fecund and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen shine, intituled, "An Act for the making more effectual " her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the augmentation " of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her •" Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Revenues of the l'irlt " Fruits and Tenths, and also for enabling any other Per-" Ions to make Grants fertile fame purpose," l'o far as the lame relate to Deeds and Wills, made for granting and bequeathing Lands. Tenements, 1 fereditaments. Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, lor the purposes in the said Ad mentioned, and for enlarging the powers of the said Governors; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the con-■ currence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates lale of ’John Aldridge, Esquire, deceased, in the County of to carry

into execution a Contract entered into with Charles George Beauclerk, Esquire, for the sale of part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Bittreid. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the full time.

! Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

TVie Lord*

,have passed

Aldridge's Klhtc Bill.

thousand eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this pre- Military font Session ol Parliament, intituled, "An Act (oenubleHis Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and " lecuiity of the Realm during the present War, and for " indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property " by l'uch meal'ures as may be necessary for that purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm:

And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord He. Dcdeny, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according Printed* to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of'Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide lor <s the dclence and security of the Realm during the present " War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in

:;k ' *?

t

■h

, •Uv

■fir

kcj

•td

Off

1 Churches, kc. 1 Bill, reported.

their property by l'uch mcalurcs as may be necessary for that purpose;" and to enable His Majesty more eff c-Sir n ’iliiam Dolben, according to Order, reported from tually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing, of Churches and Chapels and ot Houses for the residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee lnd made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House *, and he read the Report in his place*, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and then a second time, one

Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm: And the fame was received; and read the fir It time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time. The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refoive

iff

Comniiricd*

by one *, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, itlclt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

wove agreed to by the 1 Ioule.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Glebe of more than fifty acres, shall be augmented by more than one ox re.

And the said Clause was twice read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out the word " fifty1’ and inserting the word " five," i nil cad thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " fifty ’ {land part of the said Clause *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put there-

Ivccl itself into the said Confix*-

Bill

The House accordingly relo Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

\lr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they RcPorte(I‘ had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; winch they l*\d directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee,

‘jai ' *>-•

iki

V

h-

C:'

id

*4

ri£

43 Geo. III. . .18—1 9° Julii617

miftce, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bill fof resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon yramiry the Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of andvolunteer Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of S’. * assembling for the purpose of being trained together} and for lubicfting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants leiving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate} and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

bbto render Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

fctUal in° ^ie ingro^ to ren(Jer an Act, made in this pre-Compiftion sent Session of Parliament, for the more speedily comple-A8,deferred, ting the Militia of Great Britain, more effectual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly }

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Accounts Ordered, That the Accounts, which werepresented to the tlumia House upon Saturday last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors slipping, to of the East India Company, be printed for the Members of bepcinted. the House.

Cotton Manufacturers Bill, deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for taking into further consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, pash-d in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between " Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manu-" facture in that part of Great Britain called England," was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

W Militia The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-fwii« Bill, solve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tered. the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into- the said Committee.

W’s The Order of the day being read, for taking into confi-

£* deration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday

M Am- last, respecting a compensation to the Representatives of the

SS-"-Ste Lori

wiceof the Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Message

House. be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of His Majesty’s said most gracious Message.

The other Orders of the day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Voi.$8.

wtpurt,

and , dc.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself Property into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the logrolled Bill from the Lords, initituled. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in deferred. ’ the execution of their duty, be read the third time Tomorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it- rrish justi« selfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Bl

for rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and places in Ireland, more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Men tis, 19° die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

TH E House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* ’ Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for effectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in reining the second and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making more a<r°eedto.

" effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the Aug-" mentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by " enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Reve-" nues of the First Fruits and Tenths, and also for enabling " any other Persons to make Grants for the lame pur-" pose," lo far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills, made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, i

Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of;

the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the powers of the said Governors.

And the said Amendment was read} and is as fol-I owe th} viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. Leave out " fo" and insert " no." I

The laid Amendment being read a second time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. t

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lordsj and acquaint them, that this 1 Joule hath agreed 1

*to the Amendment made by their Lordships. I

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- Bill respect-ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for improving the Funds of re-committe the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating 1

the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they 1

had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report; when the House will pleafo to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Goc l Message

Lore? agreed to

usrrl c Bill.

•efpccling

-hoiiies.

Malt,

Rcirula-

Bill.

ford

inS. &c-

c Lonb e passed rten's ;itc Bill.

flc-lied ’ axes Bill, Served.

1

CIS

19° yulii.

A. 1803.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wihnot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the kill Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relict and Employment of the " Poor, lo far as relates to the Payment of the Debts in-" curred for building any Poor-housewithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend the Acts now in force for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the trade of a Distiller in Ireland \ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town; without any Amendment': And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Trustees of the Charity of Sir Henry Marten, Knight, and Henry Marten, Esquire, for Lands belonging to Edward Love den Loveden, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

by a private veil'd; for every Hundred weight of Coffee the turn of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the turn of Three Shillings and Sixpence if taken by a private vessel; for every Hundred weight of Cocoa the sum of Ihree Shillings and Nine Pence, it taken by a Ship of War, or teized as Droits of Admiralty, and the sum ot One Shilling and Three Pence if taken by a private vessel; and upon all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for every One Hundred Pounds of the value thereof the sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the sum ot Two Pounds Ten Shillings if taken by a private vessel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Corn and Grain taken and condemned as Prize, shall be subject to the fame Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Foreign Corn and Grain imported into Great Britain.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That East India Goods be fold in the City of London under the like Regulations and Restrictions as are practised at the falcs of the East India Company, and be subject to tuch Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, as the like Goods are subject and entitled to when imported by the East India Company.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prize Tobacco and Snuff be subject to the like Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Tobacco and Snuff of the growth of the British Colonies and Plantations.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prize Goods, after being warehoused, may be exported without payment of further Duties.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prize Goods taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption shall be liable to the like Duties as if the fame had been imported into Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being lever-ally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Nicholas Vanfitlart, and Mr.' Sargent, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Gentlemen, rnltruction. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do make provision therein for preventing the clandestine Importation of Spirits, Tea, and other Goods, into Great Britain, by vessels commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprizals.

- 6d.

..'live

fees:

k',v

if

a

: Mr..

I':".

iirji

;:tU'

3i! r'l

:d

i;J

si; '! ,

If:!

-k:;

.i;

-C;

k:

ij

K

Itj

tch it foil xcs Con-uiaUon U, deterred.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the the Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be delirous of Duties under the management of the Commissioners for assembling for the purpose of being trained together; and the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Serjeants ierving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Scotland, was committed *, Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving

*.s

Bill for regulating

Yeomanry

and Volunteer

Corps,

deferred.

t

li

consideration upon Thursday next.

eport on; elief to: aptors of

1

Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itfelt

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider of granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, into the said Committee with vefpeft to bringing Prize Goods into Great Britain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-to report to the House; which he read in his place •, and ing of the ingrossed Bill to render an Act, made in this afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily com-

iame were read j and are as followeth viz.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prize Goods, after condemnation, be permitted to be landed in Great Britain, and secured in Warehouses; and that the following Duties be charged thereon, videlicet, for every Tun of Wine or Vinegar the turn of Two Pounds; for

pleting the Militia of Great Britain, more effectual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this

Bill to render more etftftual Militia Completion Afy pained.

if

:';4

T:i

‘v;iv

•-so

every Tun of Brandy the sum of Two Pounds Five Shil- present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily corn-lings, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Ad- pleting the Militia of Great Britain, and for railing an admiralty, and the sum of Fifteen Shillings if taken by a pri- ditional Military Force for the better defence of the United vate vessel; for every Hundred weight of Sugar the linn Kingdom.

of Six Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Ordered, That'Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Droits of Admiralty, and the sum of Two Shillings if taken Lords, and desire their concurrence,

• Ordered,

*51

h

U

h

r

I jiil for better

j Minning the Rivy, deterred.

43 Geo. III.

19° Juliu

619

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill relying

thf Longitude, reported.

Mr. Hob house, according Committee of tly

6 to Order, reported from the whole House, to whom the Bill to ren-

had made a further progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the East India BUI to make Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of £ownmof certain Ships in the service of the said Company, on ac- l»dia ships, count of the extraordinary expence attending the outfit committed'

cified, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report on Bii; further consideration the Report from the Committee of LH^house* the whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting a Light- on the Bell house on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coa.lt of Bock, further Scotland, near the entrance of the Firths of and Forth, conllJere was committed.

And the House being informed that several other

■srington

Debtors

Petition.

Committee on re-committed London Military Force Bill.

Sported.

der more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th year of the of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be spe-reign of His present Majesty, relating to the discovery of —C-J J ^-J~ 1 - r- 1 "

the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groffetl.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol in and for the County of Surrey, at Newington, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for raising, by the City of London, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second timo, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be inr

gross'ed.

Ordered,

morrow.

That the said Bill be read the third time To-

t«]raittw on

JrOp^rJy

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

being

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. j*;n re-com-

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Com- »nitte<4. mittee of the whole House.

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. HurJltook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. HurJl reported from the Committee, That they had ' made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That th is House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,- to consider further of the said Bill.

The ingrossed Bill to promote the building, repairing, gy"rc^’^fc' or otherwise providing of Churches and Ckapels, and of *

Houses for the residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes, was, according to Order, read ’ the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An A(fl to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- justices of tuled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more fate Pe*ceBni, in the execution of their duty, be read the third time To- detcrred‘ morrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Mfti Just Ice-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for deferred the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and places in Ireland, more l'afe in the execution of their office, and for indemnify-

lider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a ing Constables and others acting in obedience to the war time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of cer- rants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy tain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, Governors, rcl'pectively.

Md Offices 'herein mentioned, be now read. And ,h he H fe adjourned ,iU Tommorrow

And the said Order being read accordingly; Morning. Ten of die clock.

The House resolved ltlelf into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

0I" Sb CiOCK^I.0

.620

20°

Marcum, 20° die;

III11 Regis, 1803.

Anno 43

Georgii

ivers to relies.

Prayers.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, that

their Address of the 7th day of this instant July (that His Majesty would he graciously pleased to give directions, that the Copies of the Returns, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give directions accordingly.

Julii. A. 1803.

detained in gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secratary at War, Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Persons, p«-" Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Per- ente<1'

" fons on their Benefices in England and to remove a

Bill te rectify a Mistake in Act respecting Spiritual

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, that doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the 21ft year 1 ‘ "’"1‘ J r"! r"‘^ of l^ing Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

.minder ml Bill, urted.

their Address of the 1 ith day of this instant July (returning His Majesty the Thanks of the House, for His gracious Message, and for His tender regard to the Privileges of this House, in the communication which He hath been pleased to make to this House of the reason for putting Captain Barlow in arrest) had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. Kinnaird reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Levmiufler Canal to raise money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other powers, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under two Acts, passed in the 31ft and 36th years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Leominster Canal, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had

Committed.

The said Bill was accordingly read a tecond time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to etiable the Judges of His Majesty’s Martial, i-c. Courts of Record at Westminster to award writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in gaol before Courts fmt’eti. Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

Courts

13

ki

I):,

fir,

h

S'-lili if L

‘ L

3 r Ar:

A;:

Tte

l’ An

l;:i

‘Eli

b:

I;:

;:i ri;

■eG.

A:

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame morrow.

Star ten's £ ft;itc Bill, :*id.

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Trustees of the Charity of Sir Henry Marten, Knight, and Henry Marten, Esquire, for Lands belonging to Edward Loveden Loveden, Esquire, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a tecond time.

A Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Curate* Residence Bill, committed.

L ’ J

- i:u

y f

liti;

Is',

Mr. Hob house, according Committee of the whol

1. Lords 1 Amendment Wo Wantage

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

! luctofiire Bill, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wantage, bgwciUo. and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in 1 the County of Berks.

I And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-

loweth; viz. ’

Pr. 27. 1. 4. Leave out from " will" to " shall," in 1.7. The laid Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. * Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the

1 Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

to Order, reported from the Re-com-House, to whom the Bill for spe«aing the improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for cheftat transferring the administration of the same to Chatham,

Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pen- rep° sioners on the said Funds, was rc-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-, morrow.

•Q'i

•iL

u

-H:

ffi

ftn

:'.t ij

"'S ‘A '•

BUUo veftify a W\ft in. Act reiyeft-; 'ing Spiritual *, Verions, or-'. dcred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, " and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on " their Benefices in Englandmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in the said Act, and to remove a doubt re-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bill (pr resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^bt-himie consider further of the Bill for erecting a Lighthouse on 0u the Bd* the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, w3>a‘ near the Entrance of the Firths of Jay and Forth, be now ‘w * read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And notice being taken, That the said Bui was not duly lpefting the Title of the Statute of the 2tft year of King prepared to answer the purposes for which it was intended;

Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned: And that Sir William Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Scott and the Advocate General do prepare, and bring in, Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn,

the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Report Courts Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the lft day of this instant July, was made from the Com-

• i Martial, &c. Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at West- mittee appointed to consider of erecting a Lighthouse on ijgi>t*ouA j tti\"OTde«4. minster to award writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons the Bell or Cape , on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, ^$"1 I 1 near

"■A

If

'V;1*

ia

a

'A; S: -P,n-,

v -'•Vi

ter-

Ox-Mr ■

W:r'-

Bv.r

43 Geo. III. 20" >«/«. 621

Committee of near to the Entrance of the Firth of Forth, might be again

the whole read.

House And {he fame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Keport.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern " parts of Great Britain,'’ might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 28th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to render the said Act more effectual, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 29th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to give further powers to the Commissioners " for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern parts " of Great Britain," might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 38th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for incorporating the Commissioners, appointed " for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern parts " of Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mrafllon. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the iaid Acts.

An Act to render mote effectual an Act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation* and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their concurrences

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart presented to the House; according Bill for Re to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes; with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in rented’. Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Into justic< resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred" 8 the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

■Etc

1--. I-1'

London Military Force Bill, paled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill, for raising, by the City of London, an additional Military Force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising, in the City of London, a certain number of Men, as an addition to the Military Force of

deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to fri/h Militia resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fnm, ll<;s Bl1 the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

f Kingss

Vote of

Crxijt,

4

1 G ' i d'

Ordered, That the Order of the day* for the House to Committ-eoi

ui AViv.ii, ao an avivjiiivy*i vkj luv; mimaijr i vi . , ~ r . i i wi r Kind's \UC

Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- &gc^spe^.; United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution fider of His Majesty s most gracious MefiTage of the nth ing Lord,

- — day of this instant July, respecting a compensation to the deferred

Representatives of the late Lord Amkerst, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly)

ResolveThat this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Led*

of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a MeflI'ge from His Majesty to this House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the

have agreed u

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, mtitoled An Act M£*» for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established societies, under an Act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Regis-

try of their Ruleswithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Bill for

-----.v uk..u, wy i.Au»uiuiw».; a.»puivw the better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called

may be incurred for the service of the present year, and to QarnCj in the New Forest, in the County of wNewKoreft.

take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require.; without any Amendment: And also, ’

, V; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill for Ex- ,

Ordered, That His Majestys said most gracious Message j. the Exportation, for two years, of a certain quantity ’

be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the 0f£0rn Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to Guemiey.&c. whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of _c /*-

+L . O t _ -

House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth j viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the zealous support of His faithful Commons in the vigorous prosecution of the War in which His Majesty is engaged, recommends it to this House to consider of making provision towards enabling His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences which

L . 1 r vi n '

£l*ngi. 5

1,

i"

the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the encouragement ot Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time

r\ * -

the lllands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other

Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, tinder certain Restrictions; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to-Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- towns.

-----—....-...... fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply defem<1,

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass; And thjt the Title be, granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Vol. 58. n. T

3 . .. iDinitized determined by

by G00gl<

And

A. 1803.

623

And the said Older being read accordingly;

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the iaid Committee.

•>r Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to •ling resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon oiuateer the Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops ot Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

20°—2T Julii.

cd.

Jovis, 21* die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

PllAYERS.

A PETITION of the Debtors in Wilts County Gaol, wilts Debtor* was presented to the House, and read; complaining Petition, of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords have agreed to

*■ Ben

fetid

0^<

V'tiu.

-•■Hi.0

■ciB

Ak

f-j-

itary ce Bill, immitted.

'onfidered*

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effec* tual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the Realm " during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as " may be necessary for that purpose," and to enable His Majesty morre effectually and lpcedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of invasion of the Realm, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr-. Speaker left the*Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near Three of the clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill to wflify rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Section of Grenada* &c " 1 Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the period Loa^Act, *' r2' " for the payment of part of certain sums of Money, ad*

" vanced by way of Loan, to several Persons connected with,

" and trading to, the Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincent without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, altering, and widening, the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scarf ho, to Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of , in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scartho and Louth Road. Bill.

Batley Incite sure Bill.

Great Addington inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Committee on Bill to rectify a Mistake in

Personi.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Aa'ref^a Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend the ingSpintiul " Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and " for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their " Benefices in England," and to remove a doubt respecting

the title of the Statute of the 21ft year of King Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the lame to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

■«:t.

Returns of

'risoners.

ffcfented.

Property

'July B\tt, eierrtdw

L

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Copies of Returns received by the Secretary of State for the Home Department, from several Gaols in England and Vales, of the number of Prisoners committed during the last year, the Charges upon which they were committed, and the result of such commitments.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The othet Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- rtfrfo ;-ing of the Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with £r;ZCsfcom- ky respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in mitted. T.; Great Britain, be now read. I;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a iecond time. ft

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act A# resp«*-" to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding in^mns " of Farms, and for enforcing the residence of Spiritual " Persons on their Benefices in England," and to remove a doubt respecting the title of the Statute of the 21ft year

uftiee* of ’«ace Bitt, Wferrcd,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- of King Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned, was read the tuled, An Act to render justices of the Peace more fate in third time.

the execution of their Duty, be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the dock.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend the " Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and " for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their 11 " Benefices

hi

43 Geo. III.

.21° J

" Benefices in England,"and to remove a doubt respecting the title of the Statute of the 2 ill year of King Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present ^nt0" Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to jreUnd, to he jjs Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties " of Excise in Great Britainmight be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Hefclved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lo much of the said Act as relates to the securing the Duties upon Tea exported to Ireland.

3, The House was moved, That an Act, made in this pre-font Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal coofiiUrti the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to " grant other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain.

IttragjonSi The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 29th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and " for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Tint it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation of Tobacco.

Ordered, it bean Instruction to the find Committee, That they do consider of obliging Exporters of Goods from Great Britain to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Comp-trolling Searchers.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 37th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity,

" Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly j Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of permitting the Importation, into Great Britain, of Cotton and other Goods, the produce of the Wellern States of America, from New Orleans.

Billrcfpaaing . Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Kf31 in§ t*ie ingrossed Bill, for improving the Funds of the jailed, ’ Chell at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the lame to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 35. To leave out from " the " to " first," in 1. 37.

Pr. 4. 1. 1. To leave out from " Ireland" to " the," in 1. 2. and insert " for the time being," instead thereof.

1. 3. After "Navy" to insert " for the time " being;" and to leave out from " the" to " Governor," in 1. 5.

1. 7. After " Greenw" to insert "for the " time being."

1. 8. To leave out from " the" to " Auditor," in 1. 9.

1. 10. After " Hospital " to insert " for the time being."

1. 20. To leave out from * laid " to " first," in 1. 2 r.

1. 23. To leave out from " Admiral " to " Comp-" troller," in 1. 26.

I- 27. To leave out from " Navy " to " Gover-" nor," in 1. 28.

VOL. 58.

623

Pr. 4. I. 29. To leave out froth " Hospital " to " and, ’* in 1. 30.

1. 30* To leave out from " and " to " Auditor," in I. 3*.

1. 32; To leave out from " Hospital " to " shall," in 1. 33-

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chell at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the lame to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds,

Ordered, That Mr. Jervis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lord Hawkesbury acquainted the House, That he Kind’s

had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by

H is Majesty; and he presented thejame to the House; House of and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the 0raiist* House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

I lis Majesty, having taken into His consideration the situ-ation of the illustrious House of Orange, the bonds of alliance and affinity which subsists between His Majesty and that House, the important Services which have been rendered by them to this Country on so many oCcafions, and the Losses which they fullained in the course of the last Wa recommends these circumstances to the serious attention of the House of Commons; and His Majesty relies on the justice and liberality of this House, to enable him to make such pecuniary allowances to this illustrious Family as may appear to be warranted by a consideration of their present situation, and of their claims on the generality of this Country. G. R;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Message be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Disputes that may " arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the " Cotton Manufacture in that part of Great Britain called " England," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of the nth day of this instant July, respecting a Compenfetionto the Ilepresentatives of the late Lord Amherfi, be riow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly \i

Ordered, That the abstract of Proceedings in Council relative to the grant directed to be made of the Jesuits Estates in Canada to the late Jeffery Lord Amherfi, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Report re-consider of the Report which was made from the Com- ^3^", mittee appointed to consider of erecting a Lighthouse On Lighthouse ! the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, *n ScotI:uu-near to the entrance of the Firth of Forth, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr'

Cotton Ma*; nuh&urerf Bill, deferrec

Committee c; King’s Mefliige respecting Lord Am* herit;

Proceedings of Council, referred.

cn

onnv»ittr«l

it.try Sei-

■ BJ»

wtt'd.

21'

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually

Committee or Bill for repu- r:

" to provide for the defence and security of the Realm " during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons

it

ported.

who may fuflfer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose;" and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly "reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout •, and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House;

JuVti. A- 1803.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . -a.

the Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of mankind" Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of y0iunte« assembling for the purpose of being trained together j and Corps' for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants, serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry in Ireland, as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, Bugle-men, and others, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate, and for further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps in Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

13

h

.V,

L

Instruction*

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it- Part of King's self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider *P^h re* further of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech Mercantile and several Amendments were made, by the Houi'c, to the to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d day of Novem- Transtflions, Bill. ber last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Tran factions considered!'r

all the facility and accommodation that may be consistent with the security of the Public Revenue.

be

in-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, grolfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To

■>mnmtee on ' coivmmtuj open y

'-ftty Bill.

morrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

_ Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

\ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

parted. Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made j to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-;wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the 1 Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further !■ v. c.ihderation Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the manner in which the sum of £.500,000, granted in the last Session of the Irish Parliament to the Dire dors of Inland Navigation in Ireland, has been dil-posed of.

Account of DispotitioH of Sum granted for In In rid Navigation in Ireland, ordered.

Further Consideration of Report on Civil Lilt Revenue, deferred.

ml;, Sit. wiits

, com*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to enable the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminsterto award Writs of for bringing Persons detained in gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a lccond time.

10

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Select Committee, appointed to consider of the Charge upon Mis Majesty’s Civil List Revenue, be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Assessed whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conllructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of £0nfoiiditiMi the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Bin. Duties under the management of the Commissioners for deiene * the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Ten of the clock.

Morning,

43 Geo. III. 22° Julii.

625

Veneris, 22° die Julii;

1

fvi'

Aklrfe’s

v bte Bill*

aiiuiiiitted.

1

Anno 430 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates late of John Aldridge, Esquire, deceased, in the County of

SuJI'ex, to carry into execution a Contract entered into with Charier George Beauclerk, Esquire, for the sale of part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bouverie Lord Robert Spencer, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

pi to amend

Thames Police Acts.

The Lord* A Meflcge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

art agreed to Bopham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of Mis present Majesty, (or preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the leisure of Exciseable Commodities; without any Amendment. ' And then the Me tie it gets withdrew.

Ipfridi, A Petition of the Debtors in confinement in the County Emit, ad Gaol in Ipfntich, in Suffolk And a'lo,

A Petition of the Debtors in the Ward of -

J'otiuu. the-Ape file, Exeter :And also,

the facility and accommodation that may be confident with the security of the Public Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 1 ith day of Report on July 1799, was made from the Select Committee, relative of rtiTpoT^ to the Improvement of the Port of and the greater of London,

accommodation and security of the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to> report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported; mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be warehoused without payment of Duty.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rcfo- Bill ordered. Iution: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Gieubervie, Lord George Air Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Nicholas Vanfutart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining ot their distress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were Ieverally ordered to of lie upon the Table.

15! 1.'

•i!.- Cwsittefon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to If' ,!s?Tca resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

f M port id to

hu.. hlaii. consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, as relates to the securing the Duties upon Tea exported to Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; if- The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

e;' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

■fl Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

ns* Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to . report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Alonday M next.

.£^tun Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to !£• cor,(icier of so much of an Act, made in this present Scf-

fion of l’jiliament, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant oritcr Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duty on Lignum QualTia imported into Great Britain, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

I he House resolved iticlf into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they f- *’3d come to several 1’efoiutions; which they had directed

J- ^lirn 1° report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Alonday next.

Air. M‘Dozvallreported from the Committee, to whom Scotch Cotton

the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton Manufacture j

in Scotland, and for settling Disputes which may arise be- reported. ’ tween Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the l’ersons, whole names are thereunto subscribed, Matter Manufacturers in the City of Glasgow; and also, the Peri- j

tion of the Persons, whole names are thereunto subscribed.

Matter Manufacturers in the Town, of Paisley, were feve-

rally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in

support of the said Petitions, and had also heard counsel

in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through j

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon B!llJor Re!’If the Bill for the relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect prizesT01"* ’ to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great 1

Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next. 1

Mr,'on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to rc-Mi^! solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider We?>,rr' ^Urt^'er °b f° much of J i is Majesty’s most gracious Speech to k^ioni. koth Houses of Pari iament, of the 23d day of November last, as relates to affording to Aiercantile Transactions all

Vol. 58.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House AdjoUm-this day, adjourn till Alonday next. mtM-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee or. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Irf Voices

, IT f Al of Peace B:1I.

ftigiiized by VjiOC

Committee oil Irish Militia Families Bill.

Bill for better Manning the Navy, deferred.

I-

Supply,

deferred.

' Ways and , Mt’ans,

J deferred.

1

1

Report relative to erecting a Lighthouse t»n the Beil Rock.

me 22° Julii. A. 1803.

the Bill for the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and places in Ireland, more fate in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others ailing in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and ^epury Governors, respectively, be now read.

, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Mr, Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Ildufe to resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House* upon the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia ot Ireland, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re* solve itself into the said Committee,

latitude of the said Lighthouse when failing in the German Ocean, on the East of Scotland, to or from any port or place on the North or South thereof, shall be charged with the lum of One Penny Halfpenny for every ton of such Ship or Vessel, and every Foreigrf Ship or decked Vessel failing as aforesaid the lum of Three Pence for every ton thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by the said Acts to Ships employed in the Greenland other Northern Whale Fishery, or going to Archangel in Russia, or returning from thence, be repealed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Houic.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Sir William Pulteney, and Mr. Hawkins Broivne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of neilesbill. * Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, according Bill for ere£-to Order, a Bill for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or jJJ®

Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for amend- Bell Rock, ing the several Acts for erecting Lighthouses in the presented. Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Exemption granted to Ships employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading to Archangel: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, near to the entrance of the Firth of Forth; and who were instructed to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th, 29th, and 38th years of the reign of His present Majesty, relative to the erecting of certain Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great Britainthe Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the fame were read; and are as foiioweth; viz.

Resolved,'l'hzt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be of great benefit to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, that a Lighthouse be erected on a Rock called the Bell or Cape Rocky lying on the East Coast of Scotland, near the entrance of the Firths of Forth and of Tay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That; every British Ship or decked Vessel which shall cross the'

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this pre- Bill toreftif sent Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act to enable ^tCh3Miii* c< His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in tary Force " Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better " defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for " the more vigorous prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to correct a Mi flake in the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Hi ley Adding! otiy do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading justices 0* of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the execution ol their duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the wffiole House, to w?hom the Bill for ^d authorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the r£C^tti purpose of being trained together; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or

weekly

• 43 Geo. III.

weekly rate, and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his'place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ommitteeon The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itlclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider

g of the several Accounts and Papers winch were presented to the House upon the 28th day ot April, the 5th of May, and upon the nth and 15th days of this instant July, by-Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dil'charged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itlclf into the said Committee.

MilitsrvStr- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

pfftd.'1’ ,nS ^le ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually " to provide for the defence and security of the Realm " during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons " who may fuller in their property by such measures as " may be necessary for that purpose," and to enable His Majesty more effectually and lpccdiiy to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for providing that Persons residing in two Parishes may make choice of the Parish in which they will be enrolled.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for punching Persons guilty of Misconduct during Exercise.

'And the said Clause was twice read, with blanks.

And it being proposed to fill one of the said blanks with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.:

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vot.58. 7

627

And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the Rights of the City of London.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon' the ’ Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring. That Persons having Religious lcruples with respect to their being exercised on a Sunday, may be trained and exercised on some other day.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for enabling the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports to carry the Act into execution.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 6. After " execution" to insert ‘Hind like-" wife appoint the day for their second " General Meeting, if the fame flia’.l " be necessary."

Pr. 14. I. 22. After " Navy" to insert " nor any Lieu-" tenant, or Deputy Lieutenant, in any " County."

Pr. 29. I.26. After'* Sunday" to insert " either before " or after Divine Service."

Pr. 45. 1. 5. After " Non-attendance" to inlert " or " Misconduct."

1. 29./To leave out " shall."

1. 31. To leave out " or otherwise have" and insert " at the appointed times and " places of training and exercise, dur-" ing the space of twelve calendar " months at the least, shall have," instead thereof.

Pr. 75. 1. 2. Third Column, to leave out " 50" and insert " 35," instead thereof.—Fourth Column, to leave out " married" and insert " Angle," instead thereof.—Fifth Column, to leave out " two."—Sixth Column, to leave out " Volunteer " Corps of Infantry" and insert " en-

" rols himself in the Parish of L---,

" in the County of M-----,)" instead

thereof.

1. 29. Seventh Column, to leave out " Captain " of Volunteer Infantry" and insert

" enrolled in the Parish of L-----, in

" the County of M-----instead

thereof.

Pr. 76. 1. 12. Second Column, to insert " Esquire."— Seventh Column, to insert " enrolled in

" the Parish of L~-----, in the County of M-----

1. 17. After " infirm" to insert (additional Column, " enrolled in Parishes out of the " County." 37.)

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually " to provide for the defence and security of the Realm dur-" ing the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who " may suffer in their property by such measures as may be " necessary for that purpose," and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

.OCK, 0rimd’

22° Julii.

ropcrty Duty ill, again re-ummitted*

onfiuered.

Reported.

A'arehoufing s Bill, indented.

Committed.

fi

i'l

1 ’onfidered.

r; ported.

.port on :.!ig’s Mef-■ ;e respect-; Lord 'ubcrit.

628

22°—95’, Jiilii.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, was recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that Ionic further Amendments are necessiirv to be made to the said Bill;

Rejorjed. That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Refohed, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some further Amendments thereunto, which they laid directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for permittingeertain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Ware-house without payment of Duty: And the lame was received; and read the first time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tlw- Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be.taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of the nth day of this Instant July, respecting a Compensation to the Repreicntatives of the late Lord the Reio-

lution which the Committee had directed him to report to the Iloule; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio-,veth; viz.

11

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual turn of Three Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to commence from the 5th day of January 1803, as a Compensation to the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherfl , for and in lieu of a Grant of Land in the Province of Canada, directed by His Majesty to be made to the said Lord Amherfl, in consideration of his eminent services during his command in America.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said llefo-lution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George 7 frame, Mr Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicho/as and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas V,rrfiltart presented to the House, according Ktceipts to Order, a Bill for grafting to His Majesty certain Duties Duties Bill, on Receipts: And the lame was received; and read the Pr-"!emsi-first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a lccond time upon Monday next.

kv

Hep

ire'

'• i,rj

lx

c:Q

Pit!.'

;iti:

As

, h

; K: 1 }!;

M:

•jpi

• ‘D

!":cj

The other Order of the day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Bill tomakt fclolve iticlt into a Committee of the whole House, upon g"-

the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the East India indhshtpt, - Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of deterred. (jd certain Ships in the service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit f',

of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be f'

specifictl. A

And then the House, having continued to fit till

7 O

halt an hour after Twelve of the clock on " Of;

Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday;

Morning, Ten of the clock. * ait

Luncc, 2-5° die Julii;

Anno 43° Georgii Til'1* Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That the Order of the day, fur the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon makeAHow-the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the East India ancesto Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be specified, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

h

Mr.:

Mr.

Sir.

Sir.

:;i c:

Mo

A

A:,

SI:..

The Lords have agreed to

Churches, ire. :-'d Bill. hr

fc.<;

Bill to render more etWnial Militia G "

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the residence ot Ministers, and the providing of Church-yards and Glebes; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia ^tj‘onAcl. of Great Britain, and fur raffing an additional Military Force for the better defence of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raffing the turn of One Million, lrcurrency, byTrcafury Bills, for the service ot Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agree ! to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the lum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Wefterrf'Sca, by

erness

*<7

h

Irtfh Trtalutjr Bills Bill*

V

' I

Billrefpctfing

Scotch

Navigat^1’ '

r

43 Geo. III. 25° Yulii.

i •

Invernest and For/ William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

jjlitfpefHng The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to i woollen folpend, until the first day of July one thousand eight Tl*le’*1* hundred and three, proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, * and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire, the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fommtteeoa Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, jill to make Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

olramoT10 Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee, h- klaShipi, cMr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

mging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the'Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Motion being made, That this House will, To-mor- Tempo row, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^lieMo to consider of the expediency of affording temporary Relief cmujjero to such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act, palfed in this Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Clergy;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wathonling The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill, dderrtd. Friday last, for taking into further consideration upon Friday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warel.orise, without payment of Duty, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

others

ordered.

Committee of Suffljr.

The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon Orders for the 20th day of June last, for laying before the House Accounts of all sums of Money received and expended by the fjr!i Fruit Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in in Ireland, d

each year, from 1791 to 1802, both inclusive, might be c ,rse ,a read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account < f all sums of Money received by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, &c. in Ireland, or by their Treasurer on their account, in each year, from May 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing in each year the different Estates, Funds, Grants, or other sources of Income, from which l'uch sums have been severally received :—Also, an Account of the sums arising therefrom which were remaining in the hands of the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, or their Treasurer, in the year ending on the ift of Alay in each of the said years, to the ill May 1801, and on the 5th day of January 1802, and ihe 5th day of Ja-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they nuary 1803, respectively :—And also, an Account of the had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed sums of Aloney expended by the Trustees and Conimif-him to report, when the House will please to receive the sioners of First Fruits in Ireland, in each year, from May tune. 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing in each year the dif-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. ferent heads of service to which the expenditure has been

Mr. Alexanderall'o acquainted the House, That he was applied; distinguishing also, in all cases, where the fame directed by the Committee to move, that they may have has been applied to the building or repairing of Churches, leave to fir again. or the building and repairing of Glebe-houses, the names

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, of the several Rarishes or Benefices where such improve-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ments have been made, and the l'um granted for each.

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of %s and

Ucans,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Parishes in Ireland, and of the;

Benefices or Unions of Parishes into which the fame have been distributed and reduced :—Also, an Account of the number of Churches and Glebe-houses in Ireland, in the year 1791 :—And an Account of the Churches and Glebe-houses that have been built, or are now build-;

ing, under assistance from the Board of First Fruits, 1

since that year, as far as the fame can at present be ascertained.

Mr. Corry prefenfed to the House the said Accounts. Presentsd.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix

. 1 1 Apptn'ix,

to this volume.

(Ao. 79.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House', to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Itad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read-directed by the Committee to move, that they may have ing of the Bill for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or leave to fit again. Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coall of Scotland, and f ar,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, amending the several Acts for erecting Lighthouses in Rock, our resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply exemption granted to ships employed in the Northern

BUI for erecting 3 Lighthouse on the Bell

y granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of tha whole House, upon the Bill for encoo-Vot. 58.

Whale Fishery, or trading to Archangel, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Ref<plved,'T\\tX the BUI be committed.

C 7 j by V Resolved,

630

25°

Juhl

A. 1803.

Resolved, That the Bill mittee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

be committed to a Com- Ordered, That leave be given to bring a in Bill for pre- Bilitoprevent

venting Frauds by the Makers of MaltTrom Bear or Bigg, M^keAof in Scotland: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Malt in Scot.

tart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Und* ordtrt<i'

»tton M:i-iiacturers 11, put off * three ontlis.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th years of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ,c An Act for settling Disputes that may arise *« between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton " Manufadf ure, in that part of Great Britain called England" was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day three months.

>port on Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the uticsonTea Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to

ported to eland.

lflruttions

consider of lo much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting certain additional Duties of Ex-, cife in Great Britain, as relates to the securing the Duties upon Tea exported to Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the securing the Duties upon Tea exported to Ireland, be repealed, and that other provisions be substituted in lieu thereof.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexa, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the iotli year of the reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned pay-" able upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, Chocolate, and " Cocoa Paste, imported; and for granting certain Inland " Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importa-" tion of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for " better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, " and Cocoa-nuts imported; and for granting relief to " Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnivalh," might be read. And the lame being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do makeprovision therein to regulate the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of Warehouses.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulation and collection of cer-" tain Duties of Excise," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make provision in the said Bill for the more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

to recti-fy The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42d

year of the reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates " and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods im-" ported in any British Ship, from any British Colony in " America, or from any part of the United States; for " better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on W me. Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize charge-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain; and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and Tor granting pew Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Exportation of Tobacco; and also of obliging Exporters of Goods from Great Britain to deliver a Copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers; and also, of . permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Cotton and other Goods, the produce of the Western States of America, from New Orleans, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Customs of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings be charged upon every One Hundred weight of Lignum Quaffia imported into G Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that no Tobacco be permitted to be exported from Great Britain in the fame Ship in which it shall be imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Exporters of Goods from Great Britain should be required to deliver a Copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Cotton and other Goods, the produce of the Western States of America, be permitted to be imported into Great Britain from New Orleans in Ships of the built of the United States of America.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

c

Dsi» ike 1 isth

Oh'j

On

ft3

i Mr

CiiKl

lief;

aJ-4

c:t,-d

St-

12 Hi

d=.

y-J:

-,£J

an

aOj(

hai; ti it

"ton

i.-.tiij'/

fc

ru

*e-,

h

•'-£1

tCp

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittartpresented to the House, by H;s Further *£5;

Majesty’s command. Monies' ° i f

A further Account of the Monies advanced for Public advanced^ Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Lt°:tTPr«- :r

ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have fented. ":j

not been replaced by Parliament.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. id

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 80.) c-,

' k Miltuke in Aid respecting A udioneers, iriered.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Taxes Bill, House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties deierre' under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain rales therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on able with Duties of Excise; for granting a further al- Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, lowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

" and Scads; and for allowing certain draining Tiles to be " made free of Duty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in the said Act, so far as relates to the Auction Duty: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into furthef scotch C"j consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Alien'd j'f House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the i-^on BJJ , provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the dttttrci. :f 1 4 T Duties,

i:

43 Geo. III.

25"—26" Jutt.

631

'C^f>

Uai, crcjv

RtTHJf D’Jtr jj

Duties under the management of the commissioners for several Commissioners therein mentioned, was committed, the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far the Amendments which the Committeee had made to the as-the fame relate to that part of Great Britain called Scot- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the land, was committed; House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further con- wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the siderationuponThurfday next. Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read

throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and. Bill for Relief Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to tf Capt»« of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the by the House.

relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, was com- grofied.

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

morrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Bill for of the ingrossed Bill for authorizing the billeting of such throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and. Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be de- and Volunt upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed firous of assembling for the purpose of being trained to-

to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

irifcjaftkes Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Maw#'11* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the I'fort*4' rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland more life in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors and Deputy Governors respectively, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

gether; and for subjccting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trum peters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

The Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts, was read a second time. committed!

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next.

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the said Bill.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

FwitoM ^r' Alexander, according to Order, reported from the reported. ' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, oubstitutes, and Vo'unteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed fro by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mart is, 26° die

Anno 43* Georgii IIP" Regis, Prayers.

i So

J*

Member itted to Kin Bill

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marten’s for effetffuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Trustees of the Charity of Sir Henry Marten, Knight, and Henry Marten, Esquire, for Lands belonging to Edward Loveden Lovedin, Esquire, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Barne, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. !'

Mr. Hurjlreported from the Committee, to whom the worplefdor,

Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of and inclosurcBih

Wanborow, and in the Manor of IVanbin the Parishes rc*)0r,ctl’ of Ajb and Puttenham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Parish of and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose names

are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander be added to the Gentle-... moill men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

rectify * correct a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Common Rights in the Parish of IVcrplcfion, were severally Parliamenb intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty ‘referred; That the Committee had examined, and found fry Fort!* * more effectually to raise and act’emble, in Scotland, an act- *ba* die Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills ot Act’ " ditional Military Force for the better defence and fecu- Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-" rity of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous mittee had heard counsel in support of the said Petitions, " prosecution of the War." and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

®P«fenW. Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to the same to be truc 5 and that the parties concerned had Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and §'ven their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the read the first time. Commirtee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Land Tax at £• *34- 16 s. who refused to sign the Bill; and

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To- except the Proprietors of Land a hefted at £. 13. 14*. morrow. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole

of the property belonging to persons interested in the In-Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the closure is assessed at £• 623. 8s.); and that the Committee --Bin—' mmittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ' ,resorted' able the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminstereunto, which they had directed him to report to the minster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-i Persons detained in gaol before Courts Martial, and the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Vol. 58. L,oogl [Clerk’s

C®rt! My.

Hie.

Jmtt

Lords

amendment

> Great

> aldington iidolureBili, greed to.

‘xfprd

>ehtors

etiiion.

>uellc's Nat. :ill, com-litted.

’•ill for sgulating reomanry nd Volun-

■eL('’orPs*. aford.

r

:i

632

06° f

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari Hr of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 26. After " Commissioners," inlert " ,in-" eluding the said allotment on Lake " Furlong."

, And the House being informed, that the several parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment, made by the Lords, and gave their consent to the said alteration;

The said Amendment was read a second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for debt in the Castle of the County of Oxforwas presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ^naturalizing Chrifoph Lehrecht Quelle, was read a fecorid time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate, and for the further regulating of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, For enabling Magistrates, in Ireland, to billet Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring. That in case of Invasion, the Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps shall be subject to Military Discipline.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 5. To leave out " an Act," and insert , " two Acts " instead thereof.

To leave out " intituled," An Act." After " services " to insert " tmd to " accept and continue the services of " certain Troops or Companies of " Yeomanry in Pf. 12. 1. 38. After " place " to insert " in Great Britain."

Pr. 13. 1. 8. After " Volunteers" to insert " in " Great ."

1. 7. \. 11.

A. 1803.

1. 36. After * Corps"' to insert * of Volun-" teers and Yeomanry in Great Britain " and Ireland."

Pr. 14. 1. 5. After " Corps" to inlert " respectively " in Great Britain and Ireland."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland, and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

Ordered, That Mr. Ormsby do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Fanf start do make the Re- Report port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That of a sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted to His CRdit‘ Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That House of a sum, not exceeding Sixty Thousand Pounds, be granted 0raage* to His Majesty, to be applied for the benefit of the illustrious House of Orange, in such manner as His Majesty shall think meet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, during pleasure, a yearly sum, not exceeding Sixteen Thousand Pounds, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards the support of the illustrious House of Orange.

The said llesolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. N Fanfittart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Tkynne, Mr.

Bond, the Lord Ilawkefoury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mn Nicholas Vanjittart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Exchequer towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Sarpto?^ towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there c<p^i, be issued and applied the further sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of the monies that shall arise of the surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

D*.

IK

if..,

fciifc

!,■ f

L '

[W

i'.:"

A: t

v;:j

■e W

r:i-'

L'.r

ML

1

K r

ill

Mi

D*.

-i:

Th*

1

43 Geo. III.

26° Jutiu

hto&oas.

toner Itlervtd for fcvnent of Sa*

Wool* referred for Bounties on Hemp uul Fla.

Contei

Feiidiafc

HnpNted.

M tflr better fe"*g the

k'ltv, lit.

fed.

Ntfpta.

'".'Alieitt,

-fold.

The said Resolutions being severaliyread a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lout George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon the 13th day of December last, was reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, puvfuant to the subsequent Resolution of the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the second and third of the Resolutions which, upon the ad day of this instant July, were reported hom the said Committee, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the fame were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followet'n; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to

, K His Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of " Six hundred and Twelve Pounds Sixteen Shillings and " Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchc-" qu?r, of the monies reserved for payment of the Judges " salaries.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to " His Majesty, there be itfued and applied the sum of " Thirty-seven thousand One hundred Sixty-nine Pounds " Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the " Receipt of the Exchequer, of the monies reserved for " the payment of Bounties on the growth ol Hemp and " Flax in Great Britain."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle* ni-.i), That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him toreport-to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

R j'ohed, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itfei: into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Acct for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain cases; and for substituting other provisions in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, and to establish Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refuting therein, in certain cases, for a time to be limited: And that Mr. Attorney Gener-ral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-Vo L. 58.

chequer, the Lord Tfawkesbury, and Mr do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 7th Dover, he. year of the reign of King George the First, intituled, An " Ad lor tli- further preventing His Majesty’s Subjects °‘‘erc

" from tm;: ng to the Lajl India under foreign Commit-•

" fions; and tbr encouraging and farther securing the " lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pi-" lots of Dover, Leal, and the Isle of might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of tiic said Act as relate^ to the pilots therein mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney Genera!, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pitt, and Mr. Jervis, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for,’$he third reading of the ingrossed Bill from the^LoidsJ intituled, An Act to render Justices of the Peace'Voore.sese in the execution of their duty, be now ^ead« f

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring. That a Plaintiff shall not be entitled to recover against any Justice, any Penalty, Damages, or Colts, when the guilt of such Plaintiff shall have been proved.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Quefe tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" And be it further Enacted, That such " Plaintiff shall not be entitled to recover " against such Justice any Penalty which " shall have been levied, nor any Da-" mages or Costs whatsoever, in calc such " Justice shall prove at the trial that " such Plaintiff was guilty of the offence " whereof he had been convicted, or on " account of which he had been appre-" hended, or had otherwise suffered; and that he had undergone no greater pu-" nishment than was assigned by Law " to such offence."

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 5. To leave oat " now."

1. 26. To leave out " now."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Hill, with the Amendments, dopafs. Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lord f hips.

A Message from the Hards, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the lale ot Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising, in the City of London,a certain number of Men,

as an addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend the Laws re-" lating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and foren-" forcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Bene-" fices in England" and to remove a.doubt respecting the title oi the Statute of the twenty-iirft year of King the

7 Y Eighth,

Just fees of Peac? Bill,

I jailed, with Amendments

The Lords have agreed tc

London Coal Market Hill.

London Military-Force Bill.

Bill to rectify a Miilake in

Aci reij>e£U Spiritual I 1‘uibns.

634

Q

6° JuliL

Eighth, therein mentioned; without any Amendmentt And also,

with Vae Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Amendments! amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the pre* lent Session oi Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable . " His Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence

, " and security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their pro-i " perty by, such measures as may be needfary for that pur*

: xc pose ;" and to enable His Majesty more effectually and

| * speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Preroga*

, five in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects

in cafeof Invafton of the Realm; with feme Amendments;

; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of

this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing aTheatre in the City of G; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act forvefting in the Honourable IV Gordon, Assignee of Dudley North, Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, with part of the fixtures and furniture settled therewith, by a Codicil to the Will of Elizabeth Cavendijli, widow, and for settling part of the

Estates of the said Dudley North, in the County of Suffolk, in lieu of, and in exchange for, the lame; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this-House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Revived, That the Bill be read a second time.

jlaU'OW Theatre Bill, vith Amend-nenti.

The Lords iave passed North's Estate Bill

Pr. 9- 1. 38. After " usually"

insert " on"

1. 39- After <c dwelling

Pr. H- 1. J4- Alter u ierving"

Mcriber.*

Pr. 33- 1. 7* Leave out " with

Pr. 34- 1. 11. Leave out from

\ 1803.

all persons so appointed Special Constables as aforesaid, shall and may thereupon do and perform all such acts, matters, and things, in the ex* edition of this Act, or of such and so many of the purposes thereof for which they Avail be so appointed as aforesaid, within their respective Parishes, as any other Con (tables therein are by this Act empowcrfed and required to do and perform in the execution thereof; and no such Special Constable ("hail be liable to Military Service under this Act, so long only as he shall continue to act as Inch."

ve out " and" and

insert " as an elective

6

Curat

ctn

cotta

Am

T.o

Mr.

Mo.

Mr.

Mo.

,-V

Mr.

i and

insert

within.

persons to c< to," in

l-3».

persons" to " to,’:

in

Pr. 36. Pr. 58.

1.

4-

line 13.

Leave out from line 32.

Leave out from " Companies*1 to " respectively/’ in line 6.

Leave out from " cases

3ill read.

Lords Amendments :o Military Service Bill, igreed to.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for " the defence and security of the Realm during the pre-« sent War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for " that purpose;" and to enable His Majesty more‘effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 6. After " necessary,’' in the interlineation, irffert Clause (A).

Clavse (A) * And be it further Enacted, That it •* shall be lawful for the Lieutenant Deputy Lieutenants of

1. 33. Leave out trom " cates" to " in," in line 34.

1. 36. Leave out from " formed" to " with," in the lame line.

Pr. 59. 1. a. Leave out from " Volunteer" to "whole," in line 3.

CsL;

r- -

t:

r:i

't:

1:.

, ‘ ’-V

•Oft;

or

any

Pr. 61. 1. 11. After " Aft" insert " Provided that no " person enrolled, and serving in any " Volunteer Corps formed as afore- r;

" Lid, so long as the fer-vices of such " Corps shall be continued by His Majesty, and as such person shall " remain an efteftive Member thereof,

" shall be placed in any Regiment,

" Battalion, or Corps of Regulars, -

" Militia, or I'encibles."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time,:

W’ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed v

to by the House. Qr

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. .8,

h -

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of y. count of the amount of the Public Securities, and Balance,

County, at any General Meeting, in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund in sinking Fun.. ’ ’ ' ’ India, included in the Account N° 21, presented to the

and also for the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions thereof, whenever they shall deem it expedient, to nominate and appoint from amongst the persons

House by the East India Company on the 28th April 1803.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this pre- Motions ny

who would, under the provisions of sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant-

flue A A- in f Is f* i r * inrr f l-Ttc A.To 1rlnrinn vs re* (!-»rs f Wor onrl until c' ... Lr.

'• this Act, be comprized in the fourth 1 Class of Persons to be enrolled for ‘ Military Service in any Parish, such ‘ number of persons usually resident ‘ therein who may be willing to undertake and perform the duty of

* Constables in the execution of this " Act, as such Lieutenant or Deputy " Lieutenants shall think fit to

K Special Constables for all or any of " the purposes of this Act within such " Parish; and the Deputy Lieute-" nants shall thereupon forthwith cause " the names of the persons who shall " be so appointed Special Constables, " to be transmitted to the Chief Con-" liable or other proper Officer of the " Hundred or District within which " such Parish shall be situate r And

ing to His Majesty, during the present War, and until sugar, Ire-" the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, addi- wrttaw*'8'

" tional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the 4t Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great ," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Sugar granted by the said Act;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the other Orders of the day be now read;

And the said Motions were severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commits resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- r^SV fider of the expediency of affording temporary Relief to such curates.

9 Curates

4*3 Geo. III.

26°

Accents

Curates as maybe deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Clergy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved it felt into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexandertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame. Ordered. That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were yester-f Tday presented to the House by Mr. Corn, be primed for

Firs fruits in j i f , ,r ' 1

ir.atwi, to be the Members of the iioule.

printed.

jrefrtE*s Mr* Alexander reported from the Committee appointed pimi{Uws. to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committse were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 19th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for the further purnlhment of Persons going armed " or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or 1.x-" cife, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, " upon the terms therein mentioned, and for the reliefot " Officers of the Cuilcms in Information upon Seizures,*’ as relates to the further punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the relief of Officers of Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in force for seven years from the 24th day of July 1746, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, of the 26th and 32d years of the reign of his laid late Majesty, and the 4th, nth, 18th, 26:h, 28th, and 36th years of the reign ot His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1802, and from thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " permit the Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of " Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola, until the 1 ft day "of July 1803, and from thence until six weeks after the " commencement of the then next Session of Parliament," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Reioiution: And that Mr. and Mr. Nicholas

Vanfittartdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The second Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 26th ^tiiuhe yw of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An ^ioim. " Act for regulating the production of Manifests, and for " more effectually preventing fraudulent practices in ob-" tair.ing Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine " relanding of Goods," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which were yesterday reported VOL. 58.

63S

from the Committee of the whole f Joule* to whom it was referred to consider of lo much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain, That they do make provision in the said Bill* or in one of the said Bills, for unpowering the Collectors and Comptrollers, or principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Britain, to administer Oaths, in certain cases, relating to the Revenue of Customs.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 24th inftnrfKoii year of *he reign ol llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling in voitis.

" tins Kingdom," might be read.

And the lame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean liiftrudio-. to the said Gentlemen, Tint they do male provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for authorizing the Comnvffioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland, dvning the present Hollilities, to fell condemned Vessels to private Persons, for the purpose of being uled as Privateers.

Mr Alexander, according to Order, reported from the BiHtomak

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- ovners^ able the Court of Directors of the India Company to India ship?, make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships sported, in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be specified, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation Tommorrow.

l),iy appoint ed for con tide rin^ Lord Aineudmenl to Bill rc- 1 fpc&ing1 the Woollen 1 Trade. I

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act to suspend, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Read- Irish JufHce ing of the ingrafted Bill for the rendering Justices of the ot p.e;‘Je Bil Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties pu c and Places in Ireland more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in In* land more fate in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading jr;ft Militi of the ingrafted Bill to make provision, in certain cases, for Families 1 the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, be now read. -r And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr.

636

26’— 27° Jutil

A. 1803.

tmte, &:c* ."ented.

Silting

kiiiials.

derations to |>ulr ot ,<rds*

fcpofit mey on tain Lor-f Tickets.

*olice

OfiACS*

'ppcndix,

•Jo. Si.)

'.ccounts dative to Jt ke!^ in 'eland, tirntod.

i Appendix,

■So. 44.)

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expences incurred by John Soane, Esquire, and to reward him for his trouble in making Designs, Elevations, and Estimates, for Alterations proposed in the years 1794 and 1795 1° he made to the House of Lords, and Rooms and Offices adjoining: And also.

An Account of the Sum that will be wanted to repay the Deposit Money made on forty Tickets of the Lottery of i8ot, which, from particular circumstances became forfeited, and which were fold for the benefit of the Public; And also,

An Account of the Sum that will be wanted todischarge Arrears of Expences of the seven Police Offices, for the year ending the 5th January 1802, being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing the Allowance for the Police Establishment.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate and Accounts, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and re-giltered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland, on the 30th September 1 802: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Ireland from or to all parts of the world, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, apd desire their concurrence.

A Bill to correct a Mistake in an Act, made in this pre- Bill to rectify sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable a Mistake in " His Majesty more effectually to raile and assemble, in htary Fo^,

" Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better de- Bill,

" fence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the comwm*

" more vigorous prosecution of the War," was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotlfe will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to enable the Judges of His Majesty’s Court* Ma*. Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in gaol before Courts Bin,"park Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminsterto award Writs of Habeas Corpus Fo

bringing Persons detained in gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

■irther Con-eration of :port on vil 1.11k •venue* fared*

f.pertv

ity

krrui.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue;

Ordered, that the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Mercurii, 27° di

Anno 43* Georgii III"* Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal ASent

Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission ynder the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afli\nt to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned;

11 t'o RHicf

I Aptory of 1 izce, palTcdi

and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of I Hales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumber-ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Ma- Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the

' Duke of the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Ker, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to, the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, currency, by Treasury Bills, for the service of Ireland, for the

jesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Pro-teillons, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, was again re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Priz

s.

ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Captors of with respect to the bringing and landing certain

Prize Goods in Great Britain, was, according to Order, read year one thousand eight hundred and three: the third time. An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expenceofmaking An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Weftem Sea,

by

43 Geo. III. 27° Julii. 637

by Invemefs and Fort William, and for taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide " for the defence and security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may " suffer in their property by such measures as may be " necessary for that purpol'e;" and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm:

An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same:

An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better collection and security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs and Excise in and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto:

An Act to amend the Acts now in force for securing the collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the trade of a Distiller in Ireland:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for en-" larging the period for the Payment of part of certain " sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan, to several " Persons connected with, and trading to, the Iffands of " Grenada and Saint Vincent An Act; to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time:

An act to permit the Exportation, for two years, of a certain quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, JBifcuit, or Puile, to the Iffands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain restrictions:

An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for railing an additional Military Force for the better defence of the United Kingdom:

An Act for raising, in the City of London, a certain number of Men, as an addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War:

An Act for the more effectually providing for the punishment of Offences in wilfully carting away, burning, or destroying, Ships and Vessels, and for the more convenient trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third yertr of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, Accefl'aries to Murders, and to Manslaughters:

An Act for effectuating certain parts of an Act, passed in the second and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the making " more effectual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the " augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the Re-* venues of the First Fruits and Tenths, and also for 4‘ enabling any other persons to make grants for the lame * purpol'e," lo far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills tnade for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen A me, for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the powers of the said Governors:

An Act; to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding ■" of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual " Persons on their Benefices in England," and to remove a doubt respecting the title of the Statute of the twenty-first year of King Henry the Eighth, therein mentioned:

An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Mmillers, and the providing of Church-yard* and Glebes:

Vol. 58.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest-free) to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the purpol'e of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the erection of such Houses and Offices, and to make provision for the Repayment of all Loaos so to be made by the said Commissioners:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of " His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Em-" ployment of the Poor, lb far as relates to the Pay-" ment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor* " house:"

An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to b* established under an Act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistake9 made in the Registry of their Rules:

An Act for the better preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as>relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities:

An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at,

for the accommodation of the East India Shipp ing in the said Port:

An Act for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Fraud* and Impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and also for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridge* over the said River, within certain limits:

An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town:

An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing-path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bezvdley Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Deep Water at Diglii, below the City of Worcester:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near S^uay, to the Town of Tavflock \ and also a certain collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its mouth or outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto.:

An Act for enlarging, and altering the term and powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from Nezv-freet, Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool-street, Southwark, to Dock Head and

LII/iput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End, in Kenl-street, Southwark, to so far as respects

the Road leading from the Stones End, in towards Saint Thomas-d-Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for repairing, altering, and widening the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for vesting the defeended Estates of the Mpft honourable Wills late Marquis of Downshire, and Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in Tnftees,

638

27" Julii.

A. 1803.

intrust, to be disposed 6f under thedireftions of the High House, and General Indexes thereto, and also of the vo-Court of Chancery, for Payment of their respective Debts: lumes of printed Reports; and that they do report the An Act for appointing new Trustees for the purposes of fame, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to certain Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the House:

the Right honourable Henry Lord with Mary

Curzon, Spinster, now the Right honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other purposes:

An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold parcels of Land, and Materials of building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late James France, Esquire, with their appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon trull, to fell the lame, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like uses:

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on the~

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soli-. citor General, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, M r. kinsBrowne, Mr. Charles Grant, Mr. Carry, Mr. Ormjly, Mr. Hawthorne, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Alexander: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the' Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from time to time, and from place to place, as they

Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant building shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings, from time Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said to time, to the House.

John Lyon: Ordered, That the said Committee have power to fit

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Bailey, in the West Riding of the County

131

ItliEI if tilt iffit

yS:

, T*

lUr A \'1'

* 7c’\

>3

‘at: ' if,

'j.ja

• Ik

during the fitting, of the House.

and notwithstanding any adjournment

of York:

Ordered, That it be an to the said Com- laftmakw.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township mittee, That they do prepare an Estimate of the Expence of

Account of Spirits imported into England from VVaS IjgHand, presented.

of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the Parish of Dunn,

in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

appendix y

;(No. 6o.)

pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the quantity of Spirits imported into England from Ireland, from the 13th of June to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the different Ports at which such Importations took place, and also the days on which the Entries were made.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

cloiune iiii* reported.

AVorplefdon An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of indoiure Bill, Worp/efdon and Wanborow, and in the Manor of,

pailul

t

5

1

in the Parishes of Ashand Pu in the County of

Surrey, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1, 1. To leave out from the beginning of the line to " And," in 1. 35.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of and IVanborow, and in the Manor of Wanborow, in the Pa-

rilhes of Ash and Puttenham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Hurjldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee The House was moved, That the several Entries contained

■i appointed to in the Journals of this House, of the Resolutions and Or-st’^oT print- ders of the House, of the 5th and 31ft days of May 1742, p.d Journals, the 3d day of March 1748, the 16th clay of January 1752, the 26th day of May 1756, the iff day of June 1759, the 13th day of March 1761, the 18th day of April 1763, the 13th day of April 1764, the 15th day of May 1765, the 1 2d day of June 1766, the 18th day of June 1767, and the

4th day of March 176S, relating to the printing of the Journals of this House; and also of the Resolutions and Orders of the House, of the ill day ot March 1762, the 18th day of June 1767, the 4th day of March 1768, and the 26th day of April 1769, relating to reprinting the

reprinting such a number of copies of the said Journals,

Indexes, and Reports, as shall make up the copies now remaining to the number of 1,200 of the said Journals and Indexes, and 1,200 copies of the Reports.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they do consider and arrange such Reports, as it may be proper to print in volumes, in addition to those which have been already so printed, and prepare aa Estimate of the Expence of printing the lame.

Ordered, That it be an InstruCh.n to the said Committee,

That they do consider of providing tome proper place, near the House of Commons, luflicEntly large and commodious for keeping tire several volumes when printed, and prepare an Estimate of the Expence attending the fame.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to WrortOT lowborn the Bill for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts, of Wroxton and Ba/scot, in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame 10 be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of one Yard-land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure confitls of 124 Yard-lands and an half; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

E:

b

h.l

-.JjJ

4;:

Ir

11

Message

from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. the LorJ*

A

Simeon

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ^1 rc* improving the Funds of the Chestat Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich Ho!pitul, and for ameliorating the condition of the Petitioners on the said Funds; without any Amendment* And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth year of

hi vc agiwM

'he

at

C ii

II reipN

Journals of this House, and Reports from Committees of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery this House, might be read. of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encourage-

And the lame being read accordingly; ment of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Im-4he date and condition of the printed Journals of this provements in Navigation, and for making Experiments

relating

I?! in'

ihngit’J

V.

43 Geo. III.

27° Julli:

639

i jmcn» filing Act*

j fatlwortW Lidpttrc Bill*

«kb Amend-

SUtSr

LY.: The Lords hvc passed

?j kcr’s

Ecitc Bill.

rekting thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution; without any Amendment And also, .♦

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the powers of, and explain; and amend an Act, made in the forty-first year of the feign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving, cleanl-" ing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise im-« proving, and keeping in repair, the- Streets, Squares, " and other public Passages and Places, which are, and shall be made upon certain pieces or plots of Ground " in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of * fexy belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager * Baroneis Southampton," and for including therein certain other small plots of Ground in the said Panlh, therein de-tcribed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,; An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Ched-•worth and Compton Ab dale, in the County of Gloucester;

with foinc Amendments; to winch Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effecting the Sale of an unlettled Copyhold Ellate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Maun, Infants, and to John IVray, Esquire, John Fea, Gentleman, and Molly IVray, his Wife, in undivided shares in Fce-simple, and for impelling the Pujchafe-monies of the Infants shares in other real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fee-simple in lieu of such shares; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Meiicngers withdrew.

laonrtof The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Commit Directors of the East India Company, attended at the SrFund door; he was called in; and at the Bar, prefen ted to the mWu, House, pursuant to their Order,

panued. An Account of the Amount of the Public Securities, and Balance, in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund in India, included in the Account N° 21, presented to the House by the East India Company, on the 28th April 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic. fyaiix. The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to

{No. S2.) tin’s volume.

.. tjriifc A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s

i K®rPe" ^aol at Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was presented

j ‘ to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and

praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cotton An ingrafted Bill for preventing Abuses in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and for lettling Disputes which pat ' may arise between Mailers and Workmen engaged in the said Manufacture, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing and lettling Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers, •and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle.

Ordered, That Mr. M-Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into con-!e!"ts ^deration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, •aaing the intituled, An Act to l'ulpend, until the first day of July put oft- 0:10 shoufond eight hundred and three, proceedings in *■ j Mouths. Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the- laid Amendments into consideration.

And the said Amendments were once read; and are as follotveth; viz.

Vol. 58.

,.Pr. 1. ). 7. Leave out from " opened," to " by’* irx

Press 2. line 13.

Pr. 2. 1. 25. Leave out " year " and insert *? and third "years." . ’

, 1.39. Leave out from " cloths " to " by, " in Press 3. line 27.-.

Pr. 5. 1.1:8. leave out " burling."

: 1.-2 r. After " manufacturing" insert " or " making."

L23. After "Sale’’insert " dr Exportation."

& 25 }^ter " movi" insert * searching."

1. 27. Leave out " andand in the fame line, and line 28, after " Overseers " insert ...... " and Inspectors."

• L 29. After " damping" insert "searching;"

and in the fame line, and line 30, after " thereof" insert " and also as to the " use of certain Mills called Gig Mills, " and also as to the number of Looms " to be kept, let, or set up together by . " any Manufacturer or Weaver of

" Woollen Cloth."

1. 31.7 Leave out from "mentioned " to "may," fir 32. £ in prcls 6. line r. and insert " And " whereas by a Clause of a certain " other Act of Parliament, made and " passed in the fifth year of the reign " of her late Majesty Queen Elizabethy " intituled, "An Act containing di-" vers orders for Artificers, Labourers, " Servants of Husbandry, and Ap-" prentices," it is enacted, That it shall " not be lawful to any person or per-" Ions other than such as then did law-" fully use or exercise any Art, Myf-" tery, or manual Occupation, to let " up, occupy, use, or exercise ary " Craft, Mystery, or Occupation then " used or occupied within the Realm . " of England or Wales, except he

" should have been brought up therein " seven years at the least as an Ap-" prentice, in manner and form as in the said Statute mentioned, nor to " set any person on work in such " Mystery, Art, or Occupation being " not a Workman at that time, ex-" cept he shall have been Apprentice " as is aforesaid, or else having l'erved " as an Apprentice as is aforesaid " should or would become a Journey-" man or be hired by the year, on " pain that every person willingly of-" fending or doing the contrary, " should forfeit and lose for every de-" fault Forty Shillings for every " month: And whereas it has been " d mb ted whether, in the present inv-" proved state of the Woollen Manu-" nufacture, such Rules, Ordinances, " Orders, Directions, Restrictions, " Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and " Regulations aforesaid, ought to be " continued: And whereas the fame

" have, during great part of the pre-" sent . Session of Parliament, been " under the consideration thereof: " And whereas it is expedient that " the fame should be further consider-" ed: And whereas divers Actions, " Prosecutions, and Proceedings, have " been commenced or instituted, or " are threatened to be commenced or "instituted, relating to the matters " aforesaid: And whereas it is reaion-

" able that until the said matters " shall have been more fully considered, " such Actions, Prosecutions, and " Proceedings should be stayed."

Pr

A. 1803.

€40

IY» 6. k i r«

<zTjuiii

Lon out firem " that" tp from," in presa 9. line is.

Fr. 9. 1. a2. Leave out " such.*

1.13. Leave out ,f as aforesaid."

1.24. After * for " insert " or respecting."

1.26. After " them " insert " or under the " said recited Clause of the said Act " of the fifth ‘year of the reign of her " late Majesty Queen L 28.1 After " Proceeding* infers " shall have & 0,9.5 " been, or,"

I.37. After "depending" iofert ■* or shall " hereafter depend.*

Pr. 10. L 7. Leave out " three}"' and insert "four" and allb insert the following Provisoes:

" Provided nevertheless, that this Act "• shall not be taken or construed to " affect or suspend the said recited * Clause of thet said Act of the fifth *f year of Queen ,or the effect

" thereof, or any Proceedings under * the same, except as to any person or " persons setting up, occupying, using,

" or exercising, or setting any person H or persons on work in the Woollen " Manufefture or Trade, or some "branch thereof: Providedalfo, that * this Act shall not extend to affect " any Proceedings touching the un-" lawful use of any Gig Mills which " shall be set up after the passing of " this Act."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 3. Leave out "three" and insert " four." Ordered, That the further consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day Three Months.

’ommlttec on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

n Expiring resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the second of the Refblutions which were yesterday reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the ChaiF of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

r

f Bill Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur-

ces ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be specified, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said be read the third time Tomorrow.

*w.

ips,

:on-

man, and Molly Wvay,; his Wife, in undivided shares, in Fee-Ample, and for inverting the Purchase monies of the Infants flaares in other real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fee-simple, in lieu of such shares, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill; be read a second time.

A Motion being made, That this House will, To-mor- Proven fa row, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Gieteifonfa to consider of enabling the Board of First Fruits in in Ireland, t» Ireland, to make, provision for the building of Glebe- becoufidcwd houses;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideri,#ion of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the expediency of affording temporary Re- Curate* lief to such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Clergy, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the present Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the residence of Incumbents, which may take place in consequence of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for promoting the residence of the Parochial Clergy.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the fented. sum of Two Millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of One Million (,500.000) Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer preieuted. Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord- Q’«^3 Duty ing to Order, a Bill for charging an additional Duty on pr<n^nted. Lignum Qualfia imported into Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Do*fr, ing to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made

13

it

:r?ti

jio 4ic* «Ali - :er

:;ci

.tien

u

so

so

so

a-

j: 1

‘irkcr’s ihte Billy

A:.;1

•.D;

’ A Id

'ij

‘tt

;->'Y

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the Sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah■ Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants, and to John Wray, Esquire, John Fca, Gentle-12

in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing His Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the " East Indies under foreign Commissions; and for en-" couraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; " and for further regulating the Pilots of , Deal, " and the Isle of Thanet," as relates to the said Pilots: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr.

prdent'

43 Gf.o. III.

27° >/«.

tillrefptft- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord-mj A.iens, jfl{r to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing ' " several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting

« Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in " certain cases; and for substituting other provisions in " lieu thereofand to establish Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases, during thepresent Hostilities: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

ft Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchan-" dize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in " Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordinglyJ

ResolvedThat this House will, To-mofroWj refoive it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relate to the Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties on Sugai-:

The Order of the day being read, for the House to SuppJj, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to de*errei' consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

woollen Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to fuf-Hajnifcftnre pCn(]> for a time Jo be limited, proceedings in Actions, su^num pr0|'ecution.% and Proceedings, under certain Acts relat-oakreil. ing to the Woollen Manutadure, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Ala-nufaduie: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjilart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Acronntof Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the I louse, by His jro iiTucct to Majesty’s command,

Z: An Account of the Sum that will be wanted to reimburse

Dr. tenner, to Doctor Jenuer the Amount of the Fees and Charges on pirfcnted. t|ie rcce|pt of the Sum granted, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as a reward to him for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. dftniix, The said Account is insert.d in the Appendix to this

(No. 83.) volume.

Mom, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-RejnUtioa ing to Order; a Bill for preventing the Exportation of To-prtimtui. bacco from Great Britain in the Ship in which it shall have been imported; for obliging Exporters of Goods to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers; for permitting the Importation from New Orleans in Ships of the built of the United States of America, Cotton, and other Goods, the produce of the Western States of America-, for empowering the principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Great Britain to ad mini Her Oaths in certain cases; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excite in Great Britain anti Ireland, for a time to be limited, to fell condemned Vessels to private persons for the pur pole of being uled as privateers: And the fame*was received; and read the lirft time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

• ^r' Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-Wn:'100* ing to Order, a Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, R proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, P"‘£Dted* under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fofaras the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

tc. The House was moved. That an Act, made in t*1‘s Prc^ent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act ’ " to repeal the Duties of Customs, payable in Great Bri-" tain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read..

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in this present Seffiofl of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present " War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty " of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and ' VoL. 58.

The Order of the day being read, for tlje House to ways and refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply c erre granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Property ther consideration the Report from the Committee of D"ly Bl"* the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His committed. Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, 'Praties, and Offices, therein mentioned, was again rc-committed;

And the House being informed, that foine further Amendments are neediary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, that the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. 1

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. , Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. S| leaker returned the Chair. j

A1 r. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they I

had gone through the Bill, and made some further Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Alotion being made, That this House will, To- Provision for morrow, refoive itself into a Committeeof the whole House, fudges of j to consider of making provision for the Salaries of the Courts of Judges of such Courts cf Admiralty as may be established £,dju"’*ty 1 in the Islands of Malta, Bermudas, and the Bahamas-, tobecoa-’ Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s com- Wered. mand) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive itself into the said Committee. 1

The other Order of the day being read, for the House Committeeo to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon BiH to rcilit the Bill to correct a Mistake in an Act, made in this pre- Scotch miip font Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable tary Force j " His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in BlI1‘

" Scotland, an additional Military Force for the better de-" fence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the " more vigorous prosecution of the War

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruction. mittee. That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for exempting persons, serving in the additional Military Force raised under the said Act, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of Scotland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. j

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments '

8 A

thereunto;

girlie's Nat. iil!, reported, nd polled.

Report of -eominster -anal Bill, urihw con-idcred.

ote c.f ’■redit Bill, ommitted.

1

xdie»jner ills Bill 1,500,000) wnmitted.

2J°—28"

A. 1803.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tlife Hotite vcill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

* And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 28° die Julii;

Anno 430 Georgii IIItli Regis, 1803. Prayers.

SI R John William Anderson reported from the Committee* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing C hr if, of h Lebrecht Quelle, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 20th day of this intrant July, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal; and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal; and for granting to the said Company further and other powers, wras committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration.

And the House being informed that printed copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two Millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for raising the sum ot One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-funato a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the' Order of the day, for the second read- Quaflh Dufy ing of the Bill for charging an additional Duty on Lignum coated. Quaflia imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ^oms reading of the Bill for preventing the exportation of To- CBiii^lon bacco from Great Britain in the ship in which it shall committed, have been imported; for obliging Exporters of Goods to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers; for permitting the Importation from New Orleans in ships of the built of the United States of America,

Cotton, and other goods, the produce of the Western States of America; lor empowering the principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Great Britain to administer Oaths in certain cases; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland, for a time to be limited, to fell condemned vessels to private persons for the purpose of being used as privateers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Woollen reading of the Bill to suspend, for’a time to be limited, sSjlenfiott* proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, Bill, under certain Acts, relating to the Woollen Manufacture, comiaitted* and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said ConfiJcred. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

o o

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

(An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of Wroxton and Balfeot, in the "p^a. Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

6 An

r

House of Change Annuity Bill, pitlented.

Bill respecting Exemptions under toglish Military Force Act, prefeattd.

43 Geo. III.

28c

BUI rsfcc"-

ir.g Exemptions utiucr _ jn-niih Mill-

try Fol'ce

Act,

articled.

AriAft for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, I Precincts of Wroxion and in the Parish of

kFroxton, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir (Villiam do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable " His Majesty more effectually to raile and airemble, in " England, an additional Military Force, for the better " defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for " the more vigorous prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Julii. 643

And the same being read accordingly-‘An Refohed, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation, into Great Britain, of certain articles in neutral ships from States in amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- inRr mittee, That they have Power to consider of authorizing His Majesty to permit the Importation, into Great Britain, of certain articles in neutral ships from States not in amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Copper from Great Britain, or the carrying the fame Goaftwife,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of two A (ftb, made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Customs in Great Britain, as relates to the Duties, Drawbacks, and

exempting persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under the Paid Acct, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of England: And that Lord Vi lcount Cajllereagh, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Hazvkesbury, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. AlexauJcr, do prepare, and d.' rrng m, e ame. -\nd the said Order being read accordingly;

The Lord Hazvkcsbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bili for enabling His Majesty to settle an annuity of Sixteen Thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during His Majesty’s pleasure: And the lame was received; and read the tirll time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, lhat the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Omni! Duties, S upaj

Lord Viscount Caflersagh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to lerve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of England: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kefolufions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Fan lit tart presented to the House, accord- Bill to rest

ing to Order, a Bill for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of respect

preiemed.

the last Session of Parliament, for better collecting the Du- ing Arties on Auctioneers: And the fame was received; and read tioueers' the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Report retyping an Expiring Uw,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act mentioned in the second of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are lit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tab!: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the forty-iecond year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port " of Road Harbour, in the Island of until the first day of July one thou find eight hundred and three, and " from thence until six weeks after the commencement " of the then next Session of Parliament," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Fanfttart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fcied.

\V:

is*-;

‘fSrAn ^ouk was moved. That an Act, made in the 12th Hwiaships, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping " and Navigation,"- might be read.

And the lame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and " regulating Abuses in His Majesty’s Customs," might be read.

Vol. 58.

Mr. Nicholas Fanfttart presented to the House, accord- Excise Regu ing to Order, a Bill to amend lo much of an Act, made presented.1* in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excile as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually (ecuring the Duties on Coffee:

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.;

The House was moved, That the several Orders, ap- ConMeration pointing the days for taking into consideration the several of certain Petitions, complaining of undue elections and returns of pititions. Members to lerve in Parliament for deterred.

Leominster, Aylesbury, Middlesex, Maldon, Shaft ef- ,

bury, the County of the Town of CarriNeve H'ind for, IVeymouthand Melcombe Regis, Sudbury, the

City of Hereford, the City of Durham, London,

Coventry, lie liefer, Stirling, Boson, and Southwark, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly; the lame were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be taken into consideration (in the order in which they (before flood) upon the ift, 2d, 3d, 5th, 6th, 7 th, Sth, 9th, 10th, 12th,

13th, 14th, 15th, i6rb, 17th, 19th, 20th, 21 ft, 22d, 23d, and 24th days of September next, at Three of the clock; in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the several parties; with

orders for their attendance accordingly.

I I'

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to nuke ’ ing of the ingrafted Bill to enable the Court of Directors Allowance* j of the East India Company to make reasonable allowances i°d°TI-sof . to the Owners of certain Ships in the l'ervice of the said pallid.* ! Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence at- ! j

V tending j

644

28" JutiL

A. 1803.

tending the outfit of the said Ships, between certain dates therein to be specified, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

- The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the service of the said Company* on ac-

Petition of Merchants, A'c. Bill for erecting a Xighthouse dh the Bell ii Rock.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address Addrest be presented to ITys Majesty, to return His Majesty the thereupon. Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message; to assure His Majesty, that we learn with the strongest feelings of regret and indignation, that a treasonable and rebellious l’pirit of Insurrection has rhanifefted it-self in Ireland, which has been marked with circumstances of peculiar atrocity in the City of Dublin; that His Ma-

count of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit jesty may be allured of the readiness and determination of

Bill torectify

,a Mistake in Scotch Military Force 1 tiii, reported.

of the said Ships between certain periods

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their, concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to cor-

Flis faithful Commons, to adopt forthwith such measures as may appear to them to be bell calculated to afford protection and security to His Majesty’s loyal Subjects in that part of the United Kingdoni, and to restore and preserve general tranquillity.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Ma-

rect a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of jesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Ma-

Kin^s Mef-sage relative ! to the Rebellion in ‘ Ireland.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty " more effectually to raile and assemble, in Scotland, anad-u ditional Military Force for the better defence and fe-" curity of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous <c prosecution of the War," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of British Ships trading to the Baltic, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Germany, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for amending the several Acts for erecting Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Exemption granted to Ships employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading to Archangel; and setting forth, That the said Lighthouse will not be in the trad of any Ship or Vessel coming from, or failing to, the Baltic, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, or Germany, or any of those Countries, unless they are respectively bound to the Eastern Ports of Scotland\ and consequently that the said Lighthouse will not be of any advantage whatever to Ships trading from England to those Countries respectively, but such advantage will be confined to Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade, or actually bound to the Ports on the Eastern fide of Scotland: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects them, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now {lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from llis Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the lame to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as tolloweth; viz.

GEORGE R.

jesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, Copy of

by His Majesty’s command,

Copy ot a Proclamation by the Lord Lieutenant ami Council of Ireland, issued the 24th day of July 1803.

And the "Title was read.

And the said Proclamation was also read; and is as followeth; viz.

(Copy.)

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland.

A PROCLAMATION.

Hardzcicke.

Whereas divers persons engaged in a treasonable and daring Insurrection against His Majesty*s Government, did in the evening of yesterday, the 23d day of July instant, suddenly assemble in the Liberties of Dublin with fire-arms and pikes, and did there commit several outrages, and particularly in T/nmas-Jireet, in the Parish of Saint Catherine, within the said L iberties, did atTault the carriage of the Right honourable Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and one of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, and did drag the said Arthur Viscount Kilwarden, together with his nephew the Reverend Richard Wolfe, Clerk, from the said carriage, and did there basely and inhumanly murder the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, and Richard Wolfe, Clerk, by {tabbing them respectively with pikes in various parts of their bodies, of which wounds they both soon after died: Now we the Lord Lieutenant in Council, in order to bring such enormous Offenders tocond-gn punishment, do by this our Proclamation publish and declare, That if any person or persons shall within six calendar months from the date hereof, discover any of thencston or persons who committed the said inhuman murders on the said Lord Viscount Kilwarden and the said Reverend Rickard Wolfe, or either of them, or who aided and assisted therein, or who advised, encouraged, instigated, moved, llimulated, or incited the persons concerned therein to commit the fame, such person or persons so discovering, shall receive as a reward tl.c sum of One Thousand Pounds sterling, for each and every of the first three persons who shall be apprehended and convicted thereof: And we do likewise publish and declare. That if any of the persons concerned in the murders aforesaid, save and except the persons who actually {tabbed the said Lord Viscount Kilwarden and the Reverend Richard Wolfe, or either of them, as aforesaid, shall discover any other of the persons concerned in said murders, or either of them, so that such person or persons lb discovered shall be con-v, victecl thereof, such person or persons so discovering, shall, over and above the said rewaref, receive His Majesty’s most His Majesty feels the deepest regret in acquainting the gracious Pardon for said offences.

House of Commons, that a treasonable and rebellious And whereas it has appeared to us, that the daring and spirit of Insurrection has manifested itself in Ireland, which rebellious outrages were committed in prosecution of a rc-has been marked by circumstances of peculiar atrocity in bcllious Conspiracy against His Majesty’s Government, and the City of Dublin. that divers other enormities were at the same time com-

His Majesty relies with perfect confidence on the wisdom knitted in Thomasstreet aforesaid, and in the ncitrhbour-

Proclaraatioft in Ireland, presented.

of his Parliament, that Inch measures will be forthwith adopted as are bell calculated to afford protection and fe-c.urity to His Majesty’s loyal Subjects in that part of the United Kingdom, and to restore and preserve general tranquillity.

G. R.,

in 7homas-street aforesaid, and in hood thereol, in prosecution of the lame treasonable purpose, and that divers of the persons engaged therein did come to Dublin with intent to commit inch outrages and enormities, in order to induce and persuade His Majesty’s peaceable and loyal Subjects in the City of Dublin and its

neighbourhood

43 Geo.

28* J

'643

A'H

C

t

0

0

y

:c

Trft Rebel. Hon Bill, ttdered.

Mated.

towered.

■i

:d

'3

ts

neighbourhood by the terror thereof, and by apprehensions Chief Governor or Governors of to apprehend and for their own personal safety, to join in the treasonable detain such persons as he or they shall lufpect for conspiring Conspiracy aforesaid. against His Majesty’s Person and Government: And that

Now we, the Lord Lieutenant " - -

strictly enjoin and command

their several stations, and according to their several duties, to use their utmost endeavours to suppress all such rebellious insurrections, and treasonable practices, and to apprehend and bring the persons engaged therein to the punishment due to their crimes; and more especially we do strictly enjoin and command the Lord Mayor of the City of and all Justices of the Peace of the said City of and

of the County of Dublin, and all Sheriffs and other Magil-trates and Officers within their several juriltiidtions, and all other His Majesty’s loving Subjects, to do all abbs in their power for such purposes: And we do hereby further require and command all Officers commanding His Ma-

• agamic nis iviiyeiiy s icuuuouu uuvaimicm . miu mm

iant and Council, do hereby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord

all His Majesty’s Subjects in Lord Viscount Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

k iJ •% Am m A 1 J _ 1 . A f > ..1 1 m #* w A + m a i r \ M %* /N *r% f*\ t* f M fV 1 T~\

licitor General, and Air. Corry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefonted to the House, Prefcau according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of Commita the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it-

jesty’s Forces, to employ the troops under their command, self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said in the most speedy and effectual manner, for the suppression Bill.

of all rebellious insurrections and treasonable practices, wherever the fame may appear, and particularly to disarm all rebels, and recover all arms forcibly and traiteroully taken from His Majesty’s peaceable and loyal Subjects, and take up and seize all arms and ammunition which may be found in the custody of any person or persons not duly authorized by Law to have and keep the fame.

Given at the Council Chamber in the 24th

day of July 1803.

RedefdaleC. Charles, Dublin', IV. Drogheda,

Ely, Arran, Annejley, Herl

Den* Browne, M. H. King, St. George

Daly, fames Fitzgera, 5- Hamilton, Dd La

The House acccordingly refoived itself into the said Confident Committee.

Air. Sneaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

Touche, Maurice Fitzgerald, H.E. Fox, Standijbthe House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

O' Grady.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the luppression of the Rebellion in Ireland, and for the projection of the persons and properties of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there: And that Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Hawkesbury, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Air. Corry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Alt. Chancel lor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly refoived itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Had gone through the Bill,'and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air, Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fever.dly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

j

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee j solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- 011 Ea(l InJia ! lider of the several Accounts and Papers which were pre- Re"/ * 1

fented to the House upon the 28th day of April, the 5th Accounts, day of Alay, and upon the 1 ith and 15th days of this instant July, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

deterred.

Ell

•"foam

Si in "h*d,

•W.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Dover, &c. ing of the Bill to amend l'o much of an Act, made in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the com, mtu * First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing His Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies, under " Foreign Commissions; and for encouraging and further " securing the IawfulTrade thereto; and for further regu-" lating the Pilots Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet," as relates to the said Pilots, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tQ a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Alonday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com* ing a Light- * the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- mittee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill for Be^Rock* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the erecting a Light house on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the deferred. ‘ Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for amending the several Acts throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, for erecting Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great (

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Britain, so far as relates to the Exemption granted to Ships / to by the House. employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading to j.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Archangel, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

8 B

grafted.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Vol. 58.

Bill respecting Aliens, committed.

Committee on provision for building Glebe-houses in Ireland.

Accounts relative to First Fruits in Ireland, referred.

'* Irish Rebel. lion Bill, passed.

646

28° JuB.

A. 1803.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing several " Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriv-

ing in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases;

« and for substituting other provisions in lieu thereof," and to establish Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cales, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the fai'd Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider of enabling the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, to make provision for the building of Glebe-houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Cony, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the day, again resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for the suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, was read the third time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further scotch Af. consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Tuxes House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the deterred. Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Or eat Britain called Scotland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Propertr

Committee of the whole l louse, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Con- Bd" " tribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, reported, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Abatements to be made in cases where Persons have more than two Children.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting

ii-xi-n -T-v- . D ° Duties Bu.

to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

"of

"dl

ji:t

f:.

I HI N

II M lift

hi;

iu;

h

h:

: C

i :u

ft

tier,

' lie

1'rk

j Bill to detain; | iiifpected jl| Persons in * Ireland,

/ passed.

Afitfled > Taxes Bill, deferred.

An ingrafted Bill to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, was read the third time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed;

3

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further CuratwRf-consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are neceflkry to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which was, yesterday, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wlwm it was referred to consider of the expediency of affording temporary Relief to such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures by the operation of an Act> passed in this Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Clergy, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a turn, not exceeding Eight Thousand " Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the present Relief " of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on " account of the Residence of Incumbents, which may " take place in consequence of an Act, passed in this Session

" of

Goc [e

- K

lie

ft;i

I,:

• l'j.1

-ft;

'■-■it

■Fi

li-

r

43 Geo. III.

28"—29° JuUi

647

instru&ioii.

r

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow*

Consolidation of Stamp Duties to be consideretl.

« of Parliament, for promoting the Relldence of the Paro-* chial Clergy."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they w

had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again. The Order, made this day, for the House to resolve itself Commi

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of enabling the Board of First Fruits in Ireland to make c;iei>c-i of the said Bill. provision for the building of Glebe-houses, alter the House

should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the day, being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Bill ft solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Annuineito consider of making provision for the Salaries of the Judges

IHiigtS of of fnrli P onrte of A ✓ 1 r-*-. i I > 1— ~ J

Instruction for granting contingent

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Judges _ Vice Admi-nlty Courts in Malta, See,

The Lords have agreed to

Mlh Rebellion Bill.

of such Courts of Admiralty as may be established in the 1 (lands of Malta, Bermudas, and the Bahamas, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty •Courts in the Island o f Malta, in the Bermuda Islands, and

in the Bahama Klands, for the time being, contingent Annuities, to take place on resignation, under certain regulations;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That Tlis Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant to the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Alalia, in the Bermuda Islands, and in the Bahama Islands, for the time being, contingent Annuities, to take place on resignation, under certain Regulations.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for'

Veneris, 29° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1S03 Prayers.

A Black Rod

Mr. Soeaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate

MESSAGE by Mr. Quame, Yeoman U/her of the Affi

to Bills,

the

the

House of

Sill to detain

foiprtted Serums in litkiil.

both Houses, do desire attendance of this Honourable House in Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal to the several

Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and a empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of the suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the protec- His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal High-tion oi the Persons and Property of His Majesty’s faithful ness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke Subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after of His Royal Highness the Duke ot His

the commencement of the next Session of Parliament; Royal Highness the Duke of SvJJ'ex, His Royal Higliness without any Amendment: And also, the Duke His Royal Highness the Duke of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the as he or they shall susped for conspiring against His Ma- Lord High Chancellor, His Royal Highness the Duke of jesty’s Person and Government, until six weeks after the Cand the Lord Wnamed also in the

The Lords

fofirc the House to

<«nnumicate 'he Evidence

1 accordingly declare and notify the said Bills: Which Bills are as fol-

commencement of the next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords had commanded them to acquaint this House,

That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased

to communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon for the protection of the Persons and Property of His Ma-^pe&ng the v,^lc^ ^7 passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for prevent- jesty’s faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until fix j-MchCottoa ing and settling Disputes which may arile between Matters weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Par-

said Commission, did Royal Afient to the Joweth; viz.

An Act for the suppression of Rebellion in ’ and

Wuiulac-’tors Bill.

TV House 'Hi tend an Aafacr,

and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers; and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle. And then the Messengers withdrew.

liament:

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall fulped for con-

Refohed, That this House will fend an Answer to the lad spiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, un

on

Committee Pillion for kbittto Httof lo’Jrti of Admiralty in Malu,!(C,

part of the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 58.

til six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament:

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, relating to the discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain

ioogfe

O

648 Q9° J‘ilu

Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into execution:

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds:

An Act to enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend an Act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for forming, paving,

" cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise " improving, and keeping in repair, the btreets, Squares,

« and other public Passages and Places, which are, and shall be made upon certain pieces or plots of Ground,

« in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of "fex, belonging to the Right honourable Ann Dowager " Baroness Southampton," and for including therein certain other small plots of Ground in the said Parish, therein described

A. 1803.

13

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Ad- agreed to by the House.

afterwards kept in repair, by such of " the said Proprietors (except as " aforesaid) and in such manner as " the said Commissioners shall, by " any writing or writings under their " hands, or by their laid award, order " or direct."

Pr. 25.' I.23. Leave out from " allotted " to "and," in line 25.

Pr. 26. I.15. After " Lands" insert " and;" and in the fame line, leave out from "Grounds" to "the" in line 17, and insert " except the Proprietors of " the said Glebe Allotments within " the said Parish of Chedworth, in respect to the fame Allotments only." The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

dington, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for naturalizing Lebrecht Quelle.

Lords The House proceeded to take into consideration the

Amendments Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

to Chedworth - -J - -

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Till

Vi

a A.: Tt;

: Api

Mr. Bouverof Northampton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates late of John Aldridge, Esquire, deceased, in the County of to carry into execution a Contract en-

tered into with Charles George Beauclerk, Esquire, for the sale of part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie of Northampton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House proper and husbandlike manner, by hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, or at the expence of all the said

Proprietors in general (other than An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Pro-and except the said Proprietors of prietors of the Canal to raise money to discharge

the said Glebe Lands, and Rights their Debts, and to complete the Canal; and for explain-of Common thereto belonging, with ing and amending the Acts for making and maintaining respect to such Glebe Lands and the said Canal; and for granting to the said Company further and other powers, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise money to discharge their Debts,

inciofureBUl, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of agreed to. Chedworth and Compton Abdale, in' the County of Glou-

cester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 26. After "being" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That the " Lands to be set out and allotted " within the said Parish of Chedworth, I "in lieu of Glebe and Right of Common thereunto belonging, by virtue "of this Act, shall be inclosed and ! " fenced on the Outward boundaries

! " thereof with stone walls of the height

' " of four feet, and of the usual and

• " proper width, or with ditches and

j " quickset hedges, to be made in a

A1cIrid?*V Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

(.a

ull

ai#

lid

litLc

:5ivt

ire;

k

let

Ik

Leominfer Canal Bill, passed*

Commons only) or by and at the expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors whole allotments abut thereon, in such manner and

in

such shares and proportions, and at and to complete the Canal; and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal; and for granting to the said Company turther and other powers.

Ordered, That Mr. Lubbock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

<c such time or times as the said " Commissioners shall, by any writ-" ing or writings under their hands, " or by their laid award, order or " direct; and such of the said fences " (not being walls) as shall be directed " to be made on the said Glebe Al-" lotments, shall thereafter be maintained, supported, and preserved.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for

■>u.

< iij

€K during the term of seven years, by or establishing a Theatre in the City of Glasgow. " at the expence of the said Proprie- And the said Amendments were read j an<

Lords

Amendments

to Giafgo* Theatre Bill, agreed to.

and are as fol-

tors in general respectively (except " as aforesaid) in such manner, and in " such shares and proportions, as the " said Commissioners shall also, by any " such writing or writings under their " hands, or by their said award, order " ordireft; and subject to the directions " aforesaid, the same shall be respect" tively maintained and preserved by " and at the expence of the said respect" tive Owners or Proprietors thereof; " and that all the other Allotments, so " to be made as aforesaid, shall be in-" closed and fenced on the outward " boundaries thereof respectively at " such time or times, and be for ever

loweth;

Pr. 2. 1.14

Leave out from " thereof" to the end of the Clause, and insert " subject to such " restrictions as to the number of Per-" Ions to be interested therein, and in the profits thereof; and with such " privileges, and under such provi-" lions and regulations for the due " and orderly conducting and ma-" naging the fame, as to His Majesty " shall seem fit;" and also insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That the said Theatre or Play-" house, and management thereof, " shall be under and subject to, the

" cor.troul

at,

k

■ k

&ti

fftt,

c

lj - , *1

Or,/;

=?of

'*0

kit

h

He

L

h ‘A>1

■ h V

'Ji

J*

r

43 Geo. XXX*

29° Juliu

649

* controul and inspection of the Lord Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

*c Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guiid, and An Act to suspend, until the first day of July one thousand " Deacon Convener of the Trades of eight hundred and four, proceedings in Actions, Profecu-" the City of G/afgow, and of the She- tions, and proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the * riff Depute of the County of Lanark Woollen Manufacture; and also under an Act of the reign " for the time being." of Queen , to tar as the tame relates to certain

In the Title of the Bill, line after Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

" Theatre" insert "under certain re- Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the " ftri<tions." Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. M'Dowall do carry the Bill to the the last Session of Parliament, for better collecting the Du Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to ties on Auctioneers, be now read

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second BillIn

reading of the Bill for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of " '" ' ' ’ " J , V'

tiontei

the Amendments made by their Lordships.

CoJDIlh

Minutes of

The House proceeded to take into consideration that ConoTMa-*11 ^e Mclfage from the Lords of yesterday, which

tiAciurers requests, that this House would communicate to their Lordships the Evidence upon which they passed the Bill respecting the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords a printed Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to this House in this Session, relating to the Act of the 39th

Pstitions, to be carried to the Lords*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a leeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made

between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture.

Ordered, That Mr. the Lords.

McDowall do carry the same to

Committee on Cmtalidation of Stomp Met.

and 40th year of His present. Majesty, for settling Disputes in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Du-

* ~ ties of Excile, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland-, for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Collce, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually lecuting the Duties on Coffee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a leeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

IT-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerofconfolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

• Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-

Bill onlcrad.

House of °Mg«An-wity Bill,

Woollen

Maiiufaftujfc

pension

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Comma fee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Account of the Monies ad- Accounts.^ w _ vanced for Public Services from the Civil Litt Revenues

solidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and (not being part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil advanced Paper, in Great Britain. Litt) and which have not been replaced by Parliament,

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for con- Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Sum that may be printing solidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and wanted to defray the expence of printing Journals of the Journals, & Paper, in Great Britain-, and that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chan- House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, cellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Or-Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. der of the House, during the present Session of ParJia-Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring ment, be referred to the said Committee.

in the lame. - Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be wanted Alterations

' to defray the expences incurred by John Soane, Esquire, House ot:

OrJered, Tha.t the Order of the day, for the second read- and to reward him for his trouble in making Designs, or s' ,

ing of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an An- Elevations, and Estimates, for Alterations proposed in

nuity of Sixteen Thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, the years 1794 and 1795 to be made to the House of during His Majesty’s pleasure, be now read. Lords, and Rooms and Offices adjoining, be referred to

And the said Order being read accordingly; the said Committee.

The laid Bill was read a second time. Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be Deposit

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. wanted to repay the deposit Money made on forty Tickets

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of . of the Lottery of 1801, which, from particular circum- Lottery the whole House. fiances, became forfeited, and which were fold for the be* Ticket»-

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday next, re- nefit of the Public, be referred to the said Committee* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ordered, That the Accotmt of the Sum that will be Police the fold Bill. wanted to discharge Arrears of Expences of the seven Po- office*

lice Offices, for the year ending the 5th January 1802,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing of the ingrossed Bill to suspend, for a time to be limited, the allowance <!or the Police Establishment, be referred to proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, the said Committee.

under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture; Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be Sum i/Tued and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so wanted to reijnburst tfr Doctor Jenner the Amount of the rfimbu'fe for as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or con- Fees and Charges oolite Receipt of the Sum granted, by Dl cerned in the said Manufofture, be now read., an Act of the lift Session of Parliament, as a Reward so ’ ,

And the said Order being read accordingly; him for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine foo-

The foid Bill was read the third time. dilation, be referred to the said Committee.

- Vol. 58. 8 C

650

WJulii. A. 1803

r<1 Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Mem-

ueu lut«. bers of tjle goarcj cf Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gen-b tlemen, and others, Subscribevs to an Institution called ‘The Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee. n(h Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the

jienm. Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

| had come to several Resolutions; which they had directt-d

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

I Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was

I directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

| leave to fit again.

J Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to iiding resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

che-iioufes consider further of enabling the Board of First Fruits in litUr.d. Ireland, to make provision for the building of Glebe-houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him ! to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

it Lords a Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

ft agreed to r.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

1 for pro- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ns^-ciative for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Main-the Poor, tenance of the Poor in England; with some Amendments; nentei>d' to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, iditton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lofure Bill, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the

lendment. County of Cambridge; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords de-lire the concurrence of this House: And also,

•thnewfon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in Northnewton, otherwise Northuezv-Lvdment. ington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

imttreeon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ipany*s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

:nue consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were

>unts. presented to the House upon the 28th day of April, the 5th day of May, and upon the 1 ith and 15th days of this instant July, by Mr. Oiven, from the Directors of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Haivthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday next.

r to Mr. Bragge reported to (lie House, That their Address s. of yesterday (to return Mis Majesty the Thanks of this 22

House for His most gracious Message; to afiure His Majesty, that we learn with the strongest feelings of regret ti*3

and indignation, that a t-reasonable and rebellious spirit iff

of Insurrection has manifelled itself ih Ireland, which has Jbi

been marked with circumstances of peculiar atrocity in

the City of Dublin-, that His Majesty may be allured of .-iitt

the readiness and determination of His faithful Commons, ;.;d

to adopt forthwith such measures as may appear to them

to be best calculated to afford protection and security to 1

His Majesty’s loyal Subjects in that part of the United Kingdom, and to restore and preserv general tranquillity)

had been presented to His Majesty; and that 11 is Majesty

was pleated to receive the lame mod graciously.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjiltart presented to the House, accord- Tortola Free ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to belimited, por* Bi,l> an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present ^VxpTring —* Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Fort of Tortola: And the' fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. —

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vunfit art presented to the House, accord- Bill to pre-ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually securing certain by'^ke^rf Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers Malt in of Malt from Bear or Bigg, in Scotland: And the fame Sc"tl'’n,’j was received; and read the first time. P

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved. That the thirteenth Report of . Prifageof the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state. Wine, to be

..... . ‘ 1 , . , considered.

the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 2lit day of March 1785, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the fourth Report, relative to the Revenue of the- Customs, which, upon the 19th day of July 1797, was made from the Selcft Committee, appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to the -Public Revenue and Expenditure, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports, so far as they relate to the Prisage of Wine.

.1

1

1

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this pre- Bounty on sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant- Ktfineds-gar V " ing to His Majesty, during the present War, and until " the Ratification ot a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the " Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;:

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the additional Bounty on refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, '

granted by the said Act.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report0B

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Duties, to consider of lb much of two Acts, made in this present on Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Customs in Great Britain, as relates to the Duties, Drawbacks, anti Bounties, on Sugar, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

,the

29"

43 Geo. III.

the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs herein after ifentioned be charged upon all Refined Sugai of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, during the continuance of the Duties on Sugar granted by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, and grant other Duties in lieu thereof; viz.

A TABLE of additional Countervailing Duties of Customs payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar, Refined; viz.

—- Baltards, whole or ground, the Hundred weight -

— —» Lumps, the Hundred weight -

-----Single Loaf, the Hundred weight

-----Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf*, the Hundred

weight -Sugar Candy, brown, the Hundred weight

----- - white, the Hundred weight -

Sugar, Refined, of any other fort, the Hundred we i glit ——

o

Duty.

O 1 10

O 3 5i 038

0311

0 3 5* o 311

o 311

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Drawbacks or Bounties herein after mentioned be allowed on all Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, during the continuance of the Duties on Sugar granted by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties of Customs in Great , and grant other

Duties in lieu thereof; viz.

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to

Sugar, Refined; viz.

— Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred weight -——— Lumps, the Hundred weight -

—— Single Loaf, the Hundred weight * Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the Hundred weight a- -—1 Sugar Candy, brown, the Hundred weight

white, the Hundred weight Sugar, Refined, of any other fort, the Hundred weight -

Drawback.

£. t. d

o 1 10

0 3 5?

038

0,3 11

0 3 5* 0311

0311

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs herein after mentioned be charged upon all Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, during the continuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; viz.

A TABLE of further additional Countervailing Duties of Customs payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar, Refined; viz.

*" Bafiards, whole or ground, the Hundrei weight -

‘ Lumps, the Hundred weight

" ~ Single Loaf, the Hundred weight

' "--Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the Hundred weight -

~ Sugar Candy, brown, the Hundred weight 1 — ----- white, the Hundred weight

' — Sugar, Refined, of any other fort, the Hun

died weight -

O

Duty.

£- i. i.

0 4 0

0 7 8

0 t 0

0 8 7

0 7 6

0 8 7

0 8 7

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lhat the additional Drawbacks or Bounties herein after Mentioned, be allowed on all Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Belaud, during the continuance or an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on the importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vef-,ln Great Britain; viz.

vol.j8,

051

A TABLE of further additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.

Sugar, Refined; viz.

-----Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred

weight ......

• Lumps, the Hundred weight -

-----Single Loaf, the Hundred weight

" — Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the Hundred

weight -

Sugar Candy, brown, the Hundred weight

-----white, the Hundred weight

■— 1 - Sugar, Refined, of any other fort, the Hundred weight

Drawback.

o

o

o

o

o

o

4

7

8

8

7

8

- o

o

6

o

7

6

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by PaWia-ment for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And that Mr.

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the R«port which was made from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther consideration uponTuefday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved irself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raisethe Sum of Two Millions, for the ules and purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising 'the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Googtent*;

Exchequer Bills Bill or Credit of Supplies, ordered

Committee c Ways ami Means.

Further Con

deration of Report on Civil List Revenue, deferred.

Committee 03 Vote of Credi Bill.

Committee 0. Exchequer iiiiu uni ! (£•1,500,occ

29° Julii.

mmittecon taflia Duty 11.

652-

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quafiia imported into Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will'please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A. 1803.

f>mmltte«on

ultoms

.emulation

BUI.

" assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for " the better defence and security of the United Kingdom,

" and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 7th year of the reign of °* his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing His Majesty’s Subjects " from trading to the East Indies, under Foreign commis-" (ions; and for encouraging and further securing the " lawfulTrade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots " of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of T duct," as relates to the said Pilots.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Property of the ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain

6

Fa

fb

hr;

tiU't

Bill respect-

ing Exemp-:ions under English Mi-itary Force Act, committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain in the Ship in which it shall have been imported; for obliging Exporters of Goods to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers; for permitting the Importation from New Orleans, in Ships of the built of the United

States of America, Cotton, and other Goods, the produce of the Western States of America-, for empowering the principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Great Britain to administer Oaths in certain cases; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Great Britain and Ireland, for a time to be limited, to fell Offices, therein mentioned.

condemned vessels to private persons for the purpose of Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-being used as privateers. morrow.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of tins Session of Parliament, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of England, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.V

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Re- Receipt* port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Duties Bill, the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on deferrt<1’ Receipts, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Curate* Rw solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Bill for encouraging the residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

:1V;

(chequer 11s Bill oh edit of ppliCs,

; fen ted#

to rectify iltake in cl» Miii-Force dl.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of making provision for the Salaries of the judges of v Judges of such Courts of Admiralty as may be established Courts of *; in the Islands of Malta, Bermudas, and the Bahamas; and mM&c* who were instructed to consider of enabling His Majesty T

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a to grant to the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in

Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Island of in the Bermuda islands, and in toe

' Bahama Islands, for the time being, contingent Annuities, f

to take place on resignation, under certain regulations, '

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to ,1:

report to the House-; which he read in his place; and after- f

wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame , j

were read; and are as folio wet h; viz. f

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to any Person who shall hold the

office of Judge of the Vice-Admiral ty Court in the Island of Malta, such annual salary, not exceeding Two Thousand Pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ol this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to any Person who shall hold the 1

office of Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court in the Bermuda Islands, such annual salary, not exceeding Two Thousand Pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund ot Great Britain, to any Person who shall hold the office Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court in the Ba-The Order of the day being read, for the third reading hama Islands, such annual salary, not exceeding Two Thou-of the ingrossed Bill, to correct a Mistake in an Act, made land Pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper, in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That " to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated

*wi

Tommittee on mportation

feutral ship*, the Importation, into Great Britain, of certain articles in neutral Ships from States in amity with His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

morrow.

43 Geo. III.

29"—30° Julii.

653

Fund off" Gr<?a/RnV<a/«, under certain conditions, unto any fervations and Opinion thereupon, to the House; 'and Person who shall have held the office of Judge of the who were indrudled to prepare an Edimate of the Expence Vice-Admiralty Court in the Island of Malta, in the Ber- of reprinting such a number of copies of the said Journals,

»Cast* I

- hi® l I

1

s

Inllroflion.

tnuda Wands, and in the Bahama Wands, an annuity, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, such annuity to be granted after the resignation of such respective office.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Indruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Sea-men, and for the bet ter and more effectually manning His Ma-

Indexcs, and Reports, as shall make up the copies now remaining to the number of 1,200 of the said Journals and Indexes, and 1,200 copies of the Reports; iand who were also indruded to consider and arrange such Reports, as it may be proper to print in volumes, in addition to those which have been already lo printed, and prepare an Edimate of the Expence of printing the fame; and who were likewise indruded to consider of providing some proper place, near the House of Commons, sufficiently

jesty’s Navy, is committed. That they have Power to make large and commodious for keeping the several volumes provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions. " ' ' 1 1 ','1’ r T'

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

i.

Diti£

Chester and

Cardigan

Debtors

Petitions.

Sabbati, 30* die

Anno 43° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Debtors, confined in the Castle of Chester: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Cardigan;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their didress; and praying relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A1

committed.

r

C ’.A*'

t'S

!g;

1 \L>|

9

e

0

when printed, and prepare an Estimate of the Expence attending the lame, have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examined into the several matters referred to them; and agreed upon the following Report:

Your Committee proceeded to read the several entries in the Journals of the House of the 5th and 31ft days of May . 1742, the 3d day of March 174S, the 16th day of January 1752, the 26 th day of May 1756, the id day of June 1759, the 13th day of March 1761, the 18th day of April 1763, the 13th day of Aprii 1764,1110 15th day of May 1765, the 2d day of June 1766, the 18th day of June 1767, and the 4th day of March 1768, relating to the printing of the Journals of the House; and also, of the Resolutions and Orders of the House of the ill day of March 1762, the 18th day of June 1767, the 4th day of March 1768, and the 26th day of April 1769, relating to reprinting the Journals, and Reports from Committees of the House:

And thereupon Your Committee find, That, on former occasions, it having appeared that the original number of North'tEstate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for copies of the volumes of the Journals, which before then vesting in the Honourable William Gordon, Assignee of had been printed by Order of the House, had been either Dudley North, Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in wholly exhausted, or greatly reduced, chiefly by deli-Piccadilly, in the County of Midd/eJ'ex, with part of the very of copies to the Members of successive Parliaments, fixtures and furniture settled therewith, by a codicil to and to new Members elected upon vacancies, the House the Will of Elizabeth Cavendish, Widow, and for settling dire died that 1,000 copies of each volume, then become part of the Estates of the said Dudley North, in the County deficient, should be reprinted; and if this rule were to be of Suffolk, in lieu of, and in exchange for, the fame, was followed on the present occasion, it appears. Appendix, read a second time. from a Statement prepared and laid before (N’®- *•)

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr Alexander, Your Committee, by Mr. Benson, Clerk of the Journals, Mr. James Graham,&c.: And they are to meet this After- that it would be necessary to order an impression of

noon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1,000 copies of the first 34 volumes to be reprinted,

none of the copies of such 34 volumes now remaining Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for extend- in his custody; but as, in consequence of the Union of ing the Jurisilidion of the Courts of Justice, in the Provinces Great Britain and Ireland, there has been an accession of of Lower and Upper Canada, to the trial and punishment of one hundred Members to the number of which the British Persons guilty of crimes and offences out of the limits of the House of Commons confided, it is evidently proper that said Provinces: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. a greater impression of the volumes which are wanting Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame. should now take place; and Your Committee conceive

that it has been for this reason that they have been in-The Lord Glenbervie reported from the Committee, ap- druded to prepare an Edimate of the Expence of print-pointed to enquire into the date and condition of the ing 1,200 copies; and they having accordingly given di-Printed Journals of this House, and General Indexes redions to that effect to Mr. Luke Hansard, Appendix, thereto, and also of the Volumes of Printed Reports, and the Printer to the House, they have inierted (N°- 2-) to report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion in the Appendix annexed hereto, a Paper laid before them thereupon, to the House; and who were indruded to pre- by him, comprehending such Edimate: pare an Edimate of the Expence of reprinting such a For the same reason, a Computation has also been made number of copies of the said Journals, Indexes, and Re- of the Expence of reprinting 1,200 copies of each of the ports, as flrall make up the copies now remaining to the 4 volumes of printed Reports.

number of 1,200 of the said Journals and Indexes, and 1,200 With regard to the Reports, which it may be proper to copies of the Reports; and who were also indruded to print, in addition to those heretofore printed, Your Com-consider and arrange such Reports as it may be proper to mittee have taken the fame into consideration. Appendix,

Bill respecting the Trial of Offender! in Canada, ordered.

Report on State of Printed Journals,

print in volumes, in addition to those which have been already so printed, and prepare an Edimate of the Expence of printing the fame; and who were likewise indruded to consider of providing some proper place, near the House of Commons, sufficiently large and commodious for keep-

and submit an Arrangement

thereof, the (-N'° 3-) adoption of which they beg leave to recommend to the consideration of the House.

The number of copies of each new volume of Journals in the fird impression, which, at the end of every Scf-

ing the several volumes when printed, and prepare an Edi- lion, has been directed to be printed by Order of the House, mate of the Expence attending the fame; That the Com- previous to the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, mitteehadexaminedintothefeveralmatterstothemreferfed, has been 1,500; but, Your Committee think, for the reason and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together already adverted to, that that number should now be >ith feve'ral Resolutions thereupon, to the House; and he read increased, and that the proper number, in future, will be, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, in such case 1,750: And as there has never been but one with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: impression of the four volumes of Reports, and that im-

Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. pression confided of 1,50© copies, like the original im-The Committee, appointed to enquire into the date pressions of the successive volumes of Journals, by ana-and condition of the Printed Journals of this House, and logy to the rule jud mentioned. Your Committee think General Indexes thereto, and also of the volumes of the that 1,750 copies of each volume of the proposed new Printed Reports; and to report the fame, with their Ob- feledion should also be printed. _ ._T

Vol. 58. Dig S DbyV^ The

654

30" Julil

A. 1803.

The value and importance of* the Reports contained in the foviT printed volumes, as well as of those specified in the above arrangement, is very generally known and admitted but the benefit to be derived from them will be greatly enhanced, if direct ions shall be given for preparing and printing with them a well-digested Index of the whole.

Your Committee have further, in pursuance of the In-structions of the House, directed an Estimate of the Expence of completing the existing copies of the four first volumes of the General Indexes to the Journals to the number of 1,200; and they have also directed an Estimate of the probable Expence of printing 1,750 sets of eleven new volumes of Reports, that being the number to which they think it probable they will amount; and also of the fame number of copies of one volume of a General Index to the whole fifteen volumes; which several Estimates are included in the Appendix hereunto annexed. (Appendix N® 2)

It appears to Your Committee, that in general the more recent volumes of the Journals contain matters of more frequent and general reference than those of an earlier date; they therefore beg leave to recommend, that in reprinting of the first 34 volumes, the Printer should be directed to begin with the 34th volume, and to continue retrogressively with the others; and that the fame be printed with the Date at the top of each page, and marginal Notes, as has been done in the volumes lately printed.

As in the progress of time, the number now recommended to be printed must gradually be exhausted or reduced, it might be a matter of confidetable convenience if some general rule could be adopted for a successive, and, in some degree, periodical renewal of the sets of each volume; Your Committee therefore would suggest, that it may be proper that the Clerk of the Journals should report to the Speaker, towards the end of each Session, the number of copies of each volume of Journals, Reports, and Indexes, then in his custody; and, that when the copies of any volume shall be reduced to nearly a number to be specified (suppose 2co) the Speaker should state the same to the House, and that an Order should thereupon be made for completing the copies of such volume to 1,200.

Your Committee afterwards proceeded to consider of providing some place, near the House of Commons, sufficiently large and commodious for keeping the several Volumes when printed, and to prepare an Estimate of the Expence attending the fame; and directed an Order to the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Works to attend them, that they might receive his opinion thereupon; but having been informed by Mr. Lewis , Nephew

to the said Surveyor General, that he is now on business at such a distance from Town that it is extremely improbable that he can receive and obey the said Order within a convenient time; and the said Mr. Wyatt hav-

ing stated, that he is an Architect, and employed by his Uncle as an Afllstant, Your Committee have thought proper to examine him upon this subject; but in the first place, they directed a Computation to be made, and Appendix, laid before them, by Mr. of the extent

(n°4-) of space that would be requisite for containing such part of the copies of the volumes comprehended in his Statement (Appendix, N® 2.) as in his opinion, it is likely will be in the custody of the Clerk of the Journals at any one time, and which he thinks can never exceed one half the whole number.

And there having been laid before Your Committee, by theirdirection, a Statement of various places near thefcloufe of Commons, where it was conceived sufficient accommodation might be found, the (cite opposite St. adjoining the stone building betwixt New and Old Palace-yards, appeared clearly to Your Committee, from the local fifuation, to be the most eligible for this purpose. But the said Surveyor General not having attended Your Committee, they are unable to proceed to prepare any Estimate of the Expo nee of providing such building as may be nc-ceifary for depositing, in a proper manner, the said several volumes of Journals, Reports and Indexes.

Upon the whole. Your Committee have come to the following Resolutions viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 1,200 copies of the first 34 volumes of the Journals, together with the Sessional Indexes thereto, and of the four volumes of Reports heretofore printed, should be

gradually reprinted in the proportion of about fix volumes in a year, by the appointment and under the direction of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expence which will attend the reprinting of the said Journals and Reports, may be estimated to amount to the funi of £.41,000, or about £.6,oco. per annum, according to the proportion mentioned in the preceding Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf.this Committee, Thai it may be proper to print eleven volumes of Reports in addition to the four which have been already printed; together with a General Index to the whole fifteen volumes, of which the series will then consist; and that the impression of such eleven volumes, and of a volume containing such General Index thereto, should consist of 1,750 copies, and be printed in the proportion of one, volume in a year, by the appointment and under the di-re«5tion of the said Deputy Clerk of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expence which will attend the printing of the said Reports and Index thereto, may be estimated to amount to the sum of £. 18,000. or about £. 1,500. per , according to the proportion mentioned in the preceding Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such a number of copies of each of the volumes of the Journals, together with the Sessional Indexes thereto, from the 35th volume to the fiftieth volume, both inclusive, and of the four first volumes of the General Indexes, as will complete the number of copies of each volume to 1,200, should be gradually reprinted, in the proportion of one volume in a year, by the appointment and under the direction of the said Deputy Clerk of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expences which will attend the reprinting of the said sixteen volumes of Journals, and four volumes of the General Indexes, may be estimated to amount to the sum of £.21,000. or about £. 1,000. per , according to the proportion mentioned in the preceding Resolution.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the ground on the East fide of Saint adjoin-

ing to the King’s Bench Record Office, and extending from thence towards New Palace-yard, might also rda space sufficiently large and commodious for ereifting a building thereon to keep the said volumes when printed.

T

lit J A»

As

icii:

Id

k'lf

LU

A;

It

M:.

itk

lift

I’-

L-fl

Ut

- (j

t 1

Appendix, N° i.

Stock in band of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports* of the House of Commons;—Feby 15, 1803.

JOURNALS:

Of the first Thiity^four Volumes - - None,

Of Volumes XXXV. m - * qo Copied. i

XXXVI. - - V - - i>8

XXXVII. - 260

XXXVIII. - - - - 382 4

XXXIX. - - - - 35*

XL. - 375

XLL - - - 504 T:

XLII.' - - - - 531

X LI 11. - - - - 5731 y

XLIV. - - - - 5qi

XLV. - &>t:

XLVI. - - - 691

XLV 11. - 600

XLVIII. - - - - 683

XLIX. - 733 S

L. - 75o S*

LI. - 844 s

LII. - - - - Oil s

LIII. - - - - 040 N

LIV. - - - o8> N

LV. - - - _ - lOlO

LVI. - - is the first of the United Parliament, and

is preparing for delivery.

GENERAL INDEXES:

Cimninghame’s - including Vol. I. to VII. - - 567 Conies.

Former’s ----- VIII. to XI. - - c.78

Flexman’s ...... XII. to XVII. - 203

Moore’, ----- XV1LI. to XXXIV. 185

Dunn’s - - id - - XXXV. toXLV. - See

D" - - ad - - - XLVI. to LV1 - now on delivery

REPORTS:

Four Volumes - - - _ Non*.

__________

43 Geo. III.

30 °Juliu

655

George Dempster, Esq.

Appendix, N° 2.—Estimates. . ——

The Estimate for reprinting the first Thirty-four Volumes of | 28 May.-i—Second Report

the Journals, 1,200 copies of each Volume - is £. 36,000.

And for reprinting the Four Volumes of Reports, 1,200 copies of each volume ----- £. 5,000.

And for reprinting Volumes XXXV. to L. of the Journals, both inclusive, to complete the number of copies of each Volume now on hand to 1,200; and also, of reprinting the 4 first Volumes of the General indexes to the like number of 1,200 copies of each Volume ----- £. 21,000*

And for printing the eleven new Volumes of Reports; viz. from Vol. V.. to Vol. XV. as in the Arrangement hereto annexed; together with a General Index to the whole 15 Volumes of Reports;—j,750 copies of each Volume - - £. 18,000.

The above may be completed in about seven years; and may cost lbiuething more, or something leis, than the above estimated sums, according as there may be a fall, or rile, in Taper or in Labour.

Appendix, N* 3.—Arrangement of Reports.

Vols. V. VI. VII. and VIII.—East India Company—Admini-jlration of Justice in Bengal, &c.; H ar in the Carnatic; Sc led und Secret Committee Reports.— 1781 to 1783.

Vol. V.—Richard Smithy Esq.

1781. 8 May.—Report from the Committee on the Petition of Mr. Touchet and Mr. Irving, Agents for the Uritish Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, relative to the Administration of Juhice in India.

General Appendix, N° 1. and 2.

General Appendix, N° 3.

General Appendix, X° 4.

Patna and Cofftjurah Appendix.

1782. 5 Feb.—First Report from the Selctft Committee, appointed to take into consideration the state of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja.

— (j June.—Second Report.

1783. 1 April.—Supplement' to the Second Report.

17S2. 12 June.—Thud Report.

— ■•M&buSsr-

H July.—Sixth Report.

Estimated to male about 1,110 pages.

Vol. VI.—Richard Smith, Esq.

1783. 23 April.—Seventh Report from the Selcdt Committee, appointed to lake into con [.deration the state of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja.

13 June.—Eighth Report.

— 25 June.—Ninth Report.

10 July.—Tenth Report

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder:

1795. 16 Nov.—First Report from the Seieift Committee on ilia high Price of Corn.

8 Dec.-—Second Report*

----- 9 Dec.—Third Report.

----- 23 Dec.—-Appendix to Third Report.

1796. 8 March.—Fourth Report.

—— 18 March.—Fifth Report.

The Lord Ilawkesbury:

1800. 10 Feb.-^-Report on Act13 Geo. III. respecting the Assize of Bread; and on tneans of remedying the deficiency of the last Crop of Grain.

----- 6 March.*—Second Report.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder: f

----- 24 Nov.—*First; Report on the high Price of Provsions*

----- 31 Dec.—Supplement to First Report.

----- 9 Dec.—Second Report*

----- 15 Dec.—Third Report.

----- 17 Dec.—Fourth Report.

----- 18 Dec.—Fifth Report.

—— 31 Dec.—Sixth Report.

1801. 12 Feb.—First Report on the high Price of Provisions.

Henry Rankes, Esq.

— 23 Feb.—Second Report.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder:

— 24 Feb.—Third Report.

Henry Rankes, Esq.

— 20 March.—Fourth Report.

isaac Hawkins Browne, Esq.

— 2 April.—Fifth Report.

r ^|Nov.—Eleventh Report.

Sir Hairy FletcJ.cr, Bart.

3782. 27 March.—Report on Petitions of the East India Company, reipeCling certain sums due fom them to Joe Public* *783* 12 March.—Report on I\ lilious oV the East India Company, respecting certain sums cue irom tiiem to the Public.

Estimated to make about 1,050 pages.

Vols. VII. & VIII.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland (llenry Dundas, Esq.)

1781* 27 June; 5 July.—F.rft Report from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the (Janies of the War in the Carnatic, and of the condition of the British Possessions in* those parts.

— 27 June.—Second Report.

1782. 4 Feb.—Third Report (being a Supplement to the First and Second.)

■ — 6 Feb.—Fourth Report.

1 March,—Fifth Report (first Marhatta War.)

~~— 15 March.—Appendix to the Fifth Report.

• 6 March.—Sixth Report (Second Marhatta War.)

27 March.—Appendix to the Sixth Report.

27 May.—From the Committee, laid before the House certain Papers, lately received by the Court of Directors, and transontled to them (concerning Rajah Cheyt Sing.)

Estimated to make about 2,400 pages.

Vol. IX.—Provisions; Poor.—1774/01802.

Thomas Pozcnall, Esq.

1774. 14 June.—Report on methods practised in making Flour from Wheat.

The Lord May or of London (the Right honourable Nathaniel Newnham:)

36 April,—Report from the Seletft Committee on Act 21 a^G*I’ the Importation and Exportation of Corn

Vol, 58.

Mr. Secretary at War (the Right honourable Charles Yorke:)

— 22 May.—Sixth Report.

Mr. Secretary at War:

— 24 June.—Seventh Report.

The Lord Glcnbervie: s

1802. 26 March.—Report on the state of the Corn Trade be-' tween Great Britain and Ireland.

Sir John Sinclair, Bart.

1795. 23 Dec.—-Report from the Seletft Committee on the Cultivation and Improvement of Waite, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands.

1797- 27 April.—Report on Waste Lands, &c.

1S00. 17 April.—Report on the means of facilitating, under the Authority of Parliament, the Inclosure and Improvement of \\ alle Lands, &e.

Sir Cecil Wray, Bart.

1775. 11 April.—Report on the Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and relating to Vagrants, and Houses of Correction.

Thomas Gilbert, Esq.

— 11 May.—Second Report.

Sir Cecil Wray, Bart.

1776. 21 Feb.—First Report from the Committee appointed to enquire bow far the Orders of the last Session, respecting the Poor, had been complied with.

Thomas Gilbert, Esq.

----- 21 May.—Second Report; together with Abfltradis of Returns referred to by the Committee, and called for by them.

1777. 15 May.—Report from the Committee appointed to in* speCi and consider the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, in pursuance of ACi of last Session;—together with Ab-stracts thereof.

Owen Sulusbury Brereton, Esq.

1778. 1 May.—Report from Committee on the state of Parish-Poor Children, &c.

Thomas Gilbert, Esq.

1787. 23 May.—Report from Committee appointed to inspect and consider the Returns, relative to the state of the Poor and to Charitable Donations, in pursuance of Acts of last Session.

----- 28 May.—Further Appendix.

1788. 10 June.—Report from Committee appointed to inspect and consider the Returns relative to Charitable Donations for the benefit of Poor Persons.

Estimated to make about 850 pages.

X.

656

30’ Julii.

A. 1803.

IS

You. X.— F//7* fries; Newfoundland Trade; Salt Duties; Coal Trade; Copper Trade; Life-Boat i Turnpike Road Act*; Naval 1 otiuitcers; Prisonen at \\ iuchester; Irctijon in Ireland.—1780 /o 1801.

Sir William Lemon, Bart.

3783. 26 April.—"Report on the hate of the Pilchard Fisheries. 1780. 5 May.—Report on Petition of Persons concerned in the

Pilchard Fisheries.

IT envy Bcaufoy, Esq.

1785. 11 INI ay.—First Report on the date of the British Fisheries.

<----- 27 June.—Second Report.

----- 14 July.—Third Report.

1786. 2 2 Feb. —First Report on the fuite of the British Fisheries.

----- 27 Feb. —Second Report.

—— 4 May.—Third Report.

----- 8 June.—Fourth Report.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder:

170S. 5 April.—Report on the Hate of the British Herring

Fisheries.

----- 27 June.—A further Report.

Nicholas lanfttart, Esq.

1708. 22 Dec.—Report on the Hale of the British Herring Fisheries.

1700. 10 March.—A further Report.

1800. 12 Maj.—Report on the Hate of the British Herring Fisheries.

----- 30 June.—A further Report.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder:

1793. 26 March.—First Report on the Hate of the Trade to Newfoundland.

Michael Angelo Taylor, Esq.

----- 24 April.—Second Report.

----- 17 June.—Third Report.

Nicholas J an fit fart, Esq.

2801. 16 June,—Report on Laws relating to the Salt Duties.

----- 30 June.—A Further Report.

William Manning, Esq. i?oo. 23 June.—Report on the Hate of the Coal Trade.

,----- 31 Dec.—Report on the Hate of the Coal Trade.

The Lord Ilaickesbury:

X70Q. 7 May.—Report on the Hate of the Copper Mines and

‘ topper Trade of the Kingdom.

Rowland Burdon, Esq.

1S02. 31 March.—Report on Petition of Mr. Greathcad, for a Reward for his new invention of a Life-Boat.

Mr. Alderman Lushington:

1796. 27 April.—Report on Acts 13 and 14 Geo. I1L for regulating Turnpike Roads. '

----- 3 May.—A further Report, containing Minutes of Evidence.

1798. 24 April.—Report on Acts 13 and 14 Geo. III. for regulating Turnpike Roads.

----- 26 April.—A further Report, containing Minutes of Evidence.

Rowland Burdon, Esq.

1S00. 21 March.—Report on Acts 13 and 14 Geo. III. respecting Public Highways and Turnpike Roads.

Sir Herbert Mackworth, Bart.

1780. 28 June.—Report on Encouragement to Volunteers to enter on board Ships of War.

Charles Brett, Esq.

_____ 5 July.—Report respecting the Hate of the Health of

Prisoners confined in the Kings House ,at Winchester.

Mr. Secretary Dundas:

1790. i'i March.—Report from the Committee of Secrecy, to "whom it was referred to consider of several Papers, presented to the^ House, relating to a Treasonable Conspiracy and design for effecting the reparation of Ireland from this Kingdom.

The Right honourable Thomas Pelham:

1S01. 13 April.—Report from the Committee of Secrecy, to whom it was referred to consider of several Papers, presented to the House, relative to the Hate of Ireland, and to the proceedings of certain difaflecied Persons in both parts of the United Kingdom.

----- 15 May.—A further Report.

EHimated to make about 900 pages.

The Right honourable llilliam Wyndliam Grenville:

17S0. 21 March.—Report from the Select Committee on Accounts and other Papers relating to the Public Income and Expenditure.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder:

1791. 10 May.—Report from Select Committee on Accounts and oilier Papers relative to the Public Income and Expend it lire.

Presented to the House:

1703. 11 June.—Reports of the Comnmhoners appointed by an Act of Parliament to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per-quiiitos, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately re ceived in the fever ul public Offices in the said Act mentioned.

Thomas Be rnnj Tiramston, Esq.

1707. 3 March.—First Report from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to examine and Hate the Total Amount of Out-ltunding Demands on the Bank, and of the Funds for discharging the lame.

--- 7 March.—Second Report.

Charles Bragge, Esq.

--- 21 April.—Third Report.

--- 17 Nov.—Report from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire whether it may be expedient further to continue the Iieltriytion on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

The Right honourable Charles Bragge:

1802. 15 M arch.— Report on Accounts, presented to the House, relating to llis Majesty’s Civil Lilt.

The Right honourable William Eden:

1783. 24 Dec.—First Report on the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue.

1754. 1 March.—Second Report.

—— 23 March.—Third Report.

Eduard Phelips, Esq.

17S0. 12 June.—Report on the illicit Exportation of Wool, live Slice]>, WorHed, and Yarn.

1755. 5 March.—Report on Laws for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep and Lambs, W ool, Wool Fells, See.

The Right honourable Sylvcjler Douglas:

1798. 11 June.—Report relative to the Distilleries in Scotland.

1799. 1*2 July.—Report on the Hate of the Distillery in Scotland, anti of the Laws relative thereto.

EHimated lo make about 1,115 page*

Vol. XL—Annuities; Public Income; Bank; Civil List-, Smuggling; Dislillerics in Scotland.—1782 to 1799. d Thomas Pitt, Esq.

1782. 5 July.—Report on Amount of the Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted between 1776 an^ l7®2> with the Annual Produce of the Taxes granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof.

Vols. XII. & XIII.—-FINANCE.—1797 to 1798. Charles Abbot, Esq.

DEBT AND TAXES.

1797. 31 March.—First Report from the Selcft Committee, appointed to examine and Hate the Total Amount, of the Public Debt, and other Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they Hood on the 5th of January 1797; Sic.

— 21 April.—Second Report.

— 11 May.—Third Report.

Charles Abbot, Esq.

1797-19 July

COLLECTION OF THE 1 Fourth Report - -

1 Fifth Report -

Sixth Report - -

Seventh Report - -Eighth Report - -

Ninth Report - -

Tenth Report - -

Eleventh Report Twelfth Report - -Thirteenth Report -

PUBLIC REVENUE.

• Customs.

- Excise.

- Stamp Office.

- Post Office.

- Tax Office.

- Salt Office.

- Hawkers and Pedlars Of-

fice.

- Hackney Coach Office.

- Pensions, Salaries, and Fees.

- First Fruits and Tenths.

1707. 7F<

19 July, i

Charles Abbot, Esq.

EXPENDITURE OF THE PUBLIC REVENUE.

Fourteenth Report -

Fifteenth Report - -Sixteenth Report - -Seven teen tli Report Eighteenth Report - -

Nineteenllj Report - -Twentieth Report - -

Twenty-first Report - -Twenty-leeond Report

Bank of England, and South Sea Company. Tiealury.

Secretaries of State. Admiralty Board, See. Transport Office.

War Office.

Barrack Office. Ordnance.

Exchequer.

d.

:rj in

dX

W'

IT Iff

ilil.

Eltiinated to make about 1,250 pages.

Charles

657

43 Geo. III. 30° Julii

Charles Abbot, Esq. expenditure: civil establishments.

1798. VTwenty-third Report from the Select Committee, ap-26 June. J pointed further to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; &. c.

Twenty-fourth Report - Public Expenditure 1797. Twenty-fifth Report - Privy Council Office. Twenty-sixth Report - Privy Seal Office. Twenty-seventh Report - Courts of Justice. Twenty-eighth Report - Police.

Twenty-ninth Report - Stationary Office.

Thirtieth Report - - Civil Government of Zre-

land.

Charles Abbot, Esq. expenditure: military establishments.

1798. 7 Thirty-first Report -26 June, j

Thirty-second Report Thirty-third Report Thirty-fourth Report

Thirty-fifth Report -Thirty-fixlh Report -El ti mated

- Naval Departments, Ad-

miralty, Dock-yards, and Tran 1 ports.

- Victualling Office.

- Sick and M ounded Seamen.

- Chatham Chell, and Green-

tvich and Che /feu Hof-pitals.

- Army Expenditure.

- Secretary at War.

to make about 1,350 pages.

Vol. XIV.—Royal Burghs of Scotland; Temporary Laws; Expired and Expiring Lazes of the United Kingdom; Promulgation of the Statutes; Eligibility of PerJ'ons in Holy Orders; Paper; Vaccine Inoculation; Elax Seed, Ireland; Sierra Iieone; Nitrous Fumigation; Thames and His; Port of London and London Bridge.—1703 to 1802.

Richard Brinfty Sheridan, Esq.

1793* *7 June.—Report on the several Petitions and Papers relating to llie internal Government of the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

Charles Abbot, Esq.

1796. 13 May.—Report upon Temporary Laws.

Henry Alexander, Esq.

1802. 31 March.—Report on the Expired and Expiring Laws of the United Kingdom; and upon Temporary Laws of a public and general nature.

Charles Abbot, Esq.

1796. 5 Dec.—Report on the most effectual means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm.

1801. 28 April.—Report from the Sclecfl Committee, appointed to consider of the most effectual means of promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom.

Charles Braggc, Esq.

1801. 2 April.—Report from the Select Committee appointed to examine Precedents, respediting the Eligibility of Periods in Holy Orders to fit in the House.

----- 14 April.—A further Report.

Sir William Young, Bart.

----- 22 March.—Report on Petition of the Booksellers and

Printers of London and Westminster, rdpetting the high price of Paper.

Henry Bunices, Esq.

1S02. 6 May.—Report on Petition of Dr. J'cnner, for a Reward for his discovery of the Vaccine Inoculation.

The Right honourable Charles Braggc:

-— 10 May.—Report on Acts respecting Flax Seed.imported into Ireland.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh:

--- 25 May.—Report on Petition of the Court of Directors of

the Sierra Leone Company.

Henry Bankes, Esq.

1802. 10, June.— Report on Petition of Dr. Smyth, for a Rew ard for his discovery of Nitrous Fumigation.

Edward Lore den Love den, Esq.

*793- 17 May.—Report on the Improvement of the Navigation of the Thames and IJis; and on the flate of the Trade on the said Rivers.

Sir William Young, Bart.

1796. 13 May.—Report from the Committee appointed to enquire into the best mode of providing sufficient accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London. ____

.The Lord Ilarckesbury:

1799. 1 June.—Report from the Select Committee appointed to consider Evidence taken on Bills for the Improvement of the Port of London.

Charles Abbot, Esq.

----- 11 July.—Second Report.

Nicholas Vansittart, Esq.

1800. 28 July.—Report from the Select Committee, appointed to consider of such further measures as may be necessary for the Improvement of the Port of London.

1801. 3 June.—Report from the Select Committee, appointed to consider of such further measures as may be ueceilary for the Improvement of the Port of London—(London Bridge.)

Vol. XV.—PUBLIC RECORDS.—1800.

Charles Abbot, Esq.

1800. 4 July.— First Report on the Public Records, of this Kingdom.

----- 8 July.—Second Report.

Appendix, N° 4.

Warehouses, or Space, required for storing up, and accessible for delivery of, the Journals, Indexes, Reports, and Sessional Papers of the House of Commons. '

s p a c e.

One thousand copies of a volume of Journals generally take up a lpace of 6 feet determined by 5 feet, and in height about 12 feet.—The gross total lpace therefore for 1,000 copies of 50 volumes is about - - - 300 feet long by 250 broad.

DISTRIBUTION of the space.

A Building 150 feet long by 60 feet broad, of 4 stories, each 14 feet high, besides Garrets and Cellars, would contain 1,000 copies of perhaps 60 volumes, or upwards (besides recelles for odd volumes and smaller articles) piled up in flacks of 5 volumes bale, with Passages of 2\ feet wide between the flacks.

If the light comes in on one side of the Building only, the length should be greater and the width less; and such a form would be the most convenient for access.

It w ould also be most convenient, if the height of the Building were Ids, on account of the lifting and carrying up such weights into the upper stories; but in that case, the length of the Building nmft be Itill greater in proportion to the reduction of the height, and would evidently be unadvifable, except so far as it might make part of a huge Building principally intended for other purposes. I

SITUATION.

The Situation of the Building should be contiguous to, or not very distant from the House of Commons. The vacant or likely places which have occurred to me, are,

1. The Cotton Garden.

2. The spaee in St. Margaret's Street, between the King's

Bench Record Office and the Exchequer Offices, parallel to Westminster Hall.

3. The spaee 011 the North fide of St. Margaret's Church.

4. The old Houses, some of which are uninhabited and fall*

ing down, opposite New Palace Yard.—\ have heard that this fcite or island of Houses, or some part of it, wfas intended for a new Guildhall.

5. Weft cm Wharf, at the end of Abingdon freely In some

Outhouses on this Wharf were formerly kept several volumes of the Journals.

6. Thefcite of the ruined Buildings in Dean's Yard.

7. The vacant Ground in De/ahay-street.—This seems a

most extensive piece of Ground; the Freehold may be purchased; and is capable of being converted into other useful public purposes, of a firailar nature to printed Papers and Journal Warehouses.

But as I do not conceive it possible that more than one half of the whole impreilions of the aforesaid volumes will be on hand at one and the same time, a Building of half the above dimensions would be sufficient, were it not to be taken into consideration to provide room also to deposit copies of the various Bills, Reports, Accounts, and other Papers, printed in the course of every Session of Parliament.

Luke Hanfardy Printer to the 'Honourable the House of Commons.

Ordered \That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Vot. 58.

:nabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two Millions, for :he uses and purposes therein mentioned, was committed, he Amendments which the Committee had made to the Jill, and which they had directed him to report to he House s and he read the Report in his place j and

8 E afterwards

C58

30° Julii.

A. 1803.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Artiendments, in at That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Polic«

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once a sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Sixty Pounds 0fice* read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; Eight Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty,

' n " " ■’ for discharging Arrears of Expences of the seven Po-

uh

xchequer ills Bill £.1,500,000) iported.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read throughout; and then a second time, one by and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

I5t I!

once one; were

lice Offices, for the year ending the 5th day of January 1802, being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing the allowance for the Police establishment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Alteration* a sum, not exceeeding One Thousand Pounds, be granted House'of* to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred by Lords,

John Soane, Esquire, and to reward him for his trouble in making Designs, Elevations, and Estimates, for Alterations propoted, in the year 1794 and 1795, to be made to the House of Lords, and rooms and offices ad-

joining.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Deposit a sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for repaying the Deposit tc^Tickcu. Money made on forty Tickets of the Lottery of the year 1801, which, from particular circumstances, became forfeited, and which were fold for the benefit of the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fees Mid s* a sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Twenty-five Dr.Jeimtr. Pounds Ten Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His

:.;E

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Majesty, to reimburse to Dr. Jenner the amount of the

Report,

supply.

Mendicity of 'he Metropolis.

Temporary

buildings t the Martial lea.

irticles sup-'ied Con-icbs.

'heat pur-aieri for )rfoIk. and.

Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinio® of this Committee, That a f«m, not exceeding Six Hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Matthew Martin, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, in full satisfaction of all Expences incurred in an Enquiry into the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Thirty-four Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been ifl'ued to Charles Thomas Cracklow, Esquire, at the Receipt the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, in satisfaction for loss sustained by eroding temporary Buildings at the Marshafea.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Twenty-two Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to William Chitinery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Articles supplied Convids at Portsmouth, and the Settlement at New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Seventy-one Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to William -very, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by Mr. William Broughton, acting Commissary at Norfolk Island, for Wheat purchased for the use of that Settlement.

Fees and Charges on the receipt of the sum, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as a reward to him for promulgating his discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this committee. That Board of a sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted AsutuI;u~‘ to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the service of the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bfitift Ma-a sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted fcum" to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the execution of the trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is f he Opinion of this Committee, That Veteriiuiy a sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in support of an Institution called The Peterinary College, for the year 1803.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Wav* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred aJlci to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, Irish currency, out of the Monies that have ariLn, or shall arile, of the surplus of the consolidated Fund of

lr;

Surplus of

C oj'.ioliu

Fund t

Ireland.

- of

Ireland.

iUing 2'JLLU, occ.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, lor defraying the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports,

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire House,'

Ordered, That it be an Instrutftion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a. Bid, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon the 13111 day of December last, was reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

1, II.;

■•a!

•h'

*r,

< LJ

did

ki

‘•SI

h

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Rtporf

___ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

and other Papers, by Order of the House> during the pre- to consider of permitting the Importation into Great Bri- NeutralaH of font Session of Parliament. lain, of certain articles in neutral Ships from Slates in amity

with

Jit1

43 Geo. III. 30° Julii. 659

with His Majesty; and who Were instructed to consider of 1 authorizing His Majesty to permit the Importation into

Great Britain, of certain articles in neutral Ships from States | not in amity with His Majesty; and who were also in-

strufted to consider of authorizing His Majesty to prohibit I the Exportation of Copper from Great Britain, or the car-

! rying the fame Coastwise, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as fd-loweth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Organzined Thrown Silk, of the growth or production of Italy, to be imported into Great Brit, from any Port or place in amity with 11 is Majesty, in any Ship whatsoever.

: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

ff it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Flax or Flax

Seed, to be imported into Britain, from any place whatsoever, in any Ship belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That v it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Persons free

of the Turkey Company, to import into any

Goods (which have been usually imported from or

Egypt, or any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, within the Levant Seas) from any Port or place whatsoever, either in RritifhShips, or in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

hr Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Goods of Commodities which have been usually imported from any Bort or place in Europe, within the Streights of i, to be imported into Great Britain from any Port or place

,0 whatsoever (not within the Dominions of the Grand Seig-

nior) in any British Ship, or in any Ship belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Goods and f Merchandize which have been deposited in Warehouses,

by Order in Council, on their Importation into Great . tain, to be taken out of warehouse either for Home Consumption or Exportation.

• Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Pitch and Tar, Deal Boards, Fir and Timber, to be imported into Great Britain, in British-built Ships, from any of the Ports of

‘■r Germany,

Resolved,-That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be authorized to prohibit, for a limited time, the Exportation of Copper from Great Britain,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Salt the produce of Portugal, to be imported into Great Britain in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be authorized to permit, for a limited time, the Importation into Great Britain of Goods and Merchandize in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second time, lj were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to

by the Hou

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alex, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas and Mr.

Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

bfenifo. Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Sj £ili> Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain in the Ship in which it shall have been imported; foe obliging Exporters of Goods to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Vot. 5*.

Comptrolling Searchers; for permitting the Importation from Nezv Orleans in Ships of the built of the UnitedStates of America, Cotton arid other Goods, the produce of the Western States of America; for empowering the principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Great Britain to administer Oaths in certain cases} and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland, for a time to be limited, to fell condemned Vessels to private persons for the purpose of being used as Privateers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Quafia Duty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for j^ed. charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quailia imported into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- , ments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next. ’

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Dover. &-c.' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend Pll®tr*^‘11’ so much of an Act, made in the 7 th year of the reign of his rel>ort late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " the further preventing His Majesty’s Subjects from trading of to the East Indies, under Foreign Commissions; and for " encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade there-*

" to; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover,

" and the Isle of Thanet," as relates to the said Pilots, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Iris place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time? one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed Report Ex-to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to PllinS Lawr report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

That the Committee hadtmade a further enquiry, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hrs place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is asfoL loweth; viz. .

t , '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation " of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of * Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," which was to continue in force for the term of five years from thlq 14th day of June 1766, and from thence to the end of the

j then

660

30"Julii.

A. 1803.

Act to be eonfideied.

Sutrar Duties, &c. Bill,

presented.

Stamp Duties Consolidation Bill, presented.

then next Session of Parliament, and which by several fub-sequent Acts, made in the i ith and 17th years of the reign of Hit; present Majesty, was further continued until the 14th day of June 1782, and from thence to the end of the the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Sifks and Velvets, was, by three Acts, made in the 22d, 29th, and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 14th day of June 1802, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

- Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain; And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ia Mi'stake'in^ Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Ait respect- a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ang Auc- better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when 'the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

‘Committeeon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

htionBiufU‘Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when , the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday J next.

Report on , pro v» lion Tor , building

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred 'oiebe-'houft* to consider of enabling the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, in Ireland. to make provision for the building of Glebe-houses, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to re-j port to the House ;: which he read in his place; and after-

I wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame

; was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ‘ fa sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted

To His Majesty, to be advanced by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as he or

they shall think fit, from time to time, free of Interest, to the Trustees of the Board of First Fruits, for the purpose of enabling the Incumbents of Benefices and Parishes more speedily to build Glebe-houses, and on such Securities, and to be repayable into His Majesty’s Exchequer, in such proportions, at such times, and in such manner, as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, with the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being,

shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

A Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act> Tortola Free made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, Port Bill, for enabling His Majesty to permft the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Law.)* Port of Tortola, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for more effectually securing certain Duties on Bill to p«-Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from ^"M-kelfaf Bear or Bigg, in Scotland, was, according to Order, read a M»it in'" second time. Scotland,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve* Committee* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to deferred, examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 21ft day of March 1785; and also of the fourth Report, relative to the Revenue of the Customs, which, upon the 19th day of July 1797, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, so far as they relate to the Prisage of Wine;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commfcteeo. Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, as re- exported, lates to the additional Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, granted by the said Act-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Comfnittee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A’

If

u..

5 CO Vr

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Comm>rt« f Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for exempt- jngExemp- ]f, ing Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, ti°ns un«kr , ! in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being balloted to serve act in the Militia of England. e

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered,

•ip;.

fat

;fit

!?*ii

y 0

43 Geo. III.

30° Jiilu— 1° Augnfti.

661

Ordered, That the Rill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the hud Bill be read the thitd time upon Monday next.

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s 'l'reafury of Great Britain to blue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be. granted by. Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was, according to Order, read a second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BiTT be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

rxchtmier

Credit ot buppiir*, tuimniticd.

P-

\Il;

U\to rectify a Miiiake m bcotch Military J'orcc Kill, tleiciitti.

Property Duty Kill, tared.

NVwfafe

Debtors

Petition.

Pirker*s Pilate Bill, committed.

r>i

K W on Mare of Panted i >brna?s ^zr con-

Cre#

ft,:hjnof

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to correct a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually " to raiseand assemble, in Scotl, an additional Military " Force for the better defence and security of the United " Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the " War," be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Pro-sessions. Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunai, 1° die

Anno 43® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Debtors in Newgate, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for efleding the sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate be-Jonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants; and to John Wray, Esquire, John Gentleman, and Molly Wray, his wife, in undivided shares in Fee-lim-ple; and for invefling the Purchase-monies of the Infants shares in other real Estates, ro be conveyed to the Infants in Fee-simple, in lieu of such shares, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steward, Mr Hurst, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the (late and condition of the Printed Journals of this House, and General Indexes thereto; and also of the volumes of Printed Reports; and to report the fame, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Colonel John Henry Loft, John Bates, Samel Alford, and Thomas JVardall, Burgesses of the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of was delivered

in at the Table, and read; letting forth. That on the 18th day of this inllant July, an Election was holden for chusing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, in the Vox.. 58.

place of Ayfcoghe Boucherett, Esquire, who had vacated his

(cat by accepting a Stewardship of one of the Chiitern Hundreds; and that the original writ to the Sheriff, to deliver his precept to hold such election, was diipatched from London several hours before it bore date, by which means the precept was issued from the Sheriff, and proclaimed in the said Borough, at leaf! one day earlier than it ought to have been; and that Richard Nell, Esquire, the younger, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, did ad partially and corruptly in proclaiming the election to be holden sooner than by Law it ought to have been, whereby the Petitioner, John Henry Loft (who was on his road to the said Borough) was deprived the opportunity of offering himself a Candidate for the Lid Borough, at which place he would have arrived in sufficient time if the said Returning Officer had given the proper notice, and not taken the Burgesses by iurprize, and proceeded to such election earlier than he ought to have done, to the great prejudice of the said John Henry Loft, mho would have had a very large majority of legal Voters; and the Petitioners John Henry Loft, John Bates, Samuel Alford, and Thomas War dull, for themselves and others, date, that they have, in conl’equence of such illegal conduct, been deprived of their legal franchises; and that on the said 18th day of July, the said Returning Officer, without being sworn, or even opening a poll, did proceed to, and did illegally, corruptly, and partially, and contrary to the usage of the said Borough, return the Honourable Charles An~ derson Pelham duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby, and that the said Charles Anderson Pelham, by himself, and his agents, managers, and others on his behalf, before and. during the said day of election, after the proclamation of the precept, and before his return, was guilty of bribery and corruption of the Eledors of the said Borough, to give their votes for the said Charles Anderson Pelham; and of attempting to bribe and corrupt the Burgesses of the said Borough, to give their votes for the said Charles Anderson Pelham, in order that he, the said Charles Anderson Pelham, might be elected, and returned a Member to terve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And the said Charles Anderson Pelham also, by himselft his agents, and managers, and by other persons on his behalf, both before, and at, and during the said election, did, by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, and by treating, and promises of treating, and by gifts, meat, drink, and money, and by promises of gifts, , meat, drink, and money, corrupt and procure, and attempt and endeavour to corrupt and procure, divers persons, being Eledors of the said Borough, to give their votes at the said election for the said Charles Anderson Pelham, in order that he, the said Charles Anderson Pelham, might be elected, and returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And that, by the aforesaid means, and by divers other illegal and corrupt practices, and by the partial conduct of the said Returning Officer, the said Charles Anderson Pelham was illegally returned a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the legal Eledors of the said Borough, and in open defiance of the Law's and freedom of election; particularly of the Ad regulating the notice to be given of an election; the Ad to prevent Bribery and Corruption; and the Ad commonly called the Treating Ad: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, in order that they may obtain such relief in the premises, as to the House may feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into confederation upon Monday, the 26th day of September next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties, accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or

8 F r\r\a warrants.

662

A. 1803.

warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties, on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

} oi\ Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into

jinn for further consideration the Report from the Committee of i-houses the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Uud- enabling the Board of First Fruits in , to make provision for the building of Glebe-houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution ! And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

: of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

ht Bill, ing of ingrossed Bill, for enabling His Majesty to raile the sum of Two Millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of Two Millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

chequer Ordered That the Order of the day, for the third reading

\s Bill of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of One Million rI’i.C0, C00> Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ie Lord? A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. ve agreed to Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

urts Mar- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act l, Xrc. wit- to enable the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, at fles Bill. Westminster, to award Writs of for bringing

Persons detained in gaol, before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

<h Militia The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act milies Bill, to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also, vfrftone The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act dofure Bill. for inclosir.g Lands in the Parish of Beverflone, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment; And also,

il for re- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lating for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry lvolunteer and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of afferabling rps, with for the purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain nendments. ancj Ireland. an(j for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay; and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

ie Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Y rauv^r s Cstablishing and confirming Exchanges made between John ^K^diangc yvicouver, Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Gunning, Vicar

V. ■! 11

of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand, Widow, and John Brand, Esquire, deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in that County; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. An Amendment Act for inclosing Lands in Northnewton, otherwise - Jon^MUure newington, in the Parish o f Broughton, in the County of Bill, agreed to. Oxford. v

And the said Amendment wassrtad; and is as followeth Pr. 39.1. 24. Leave out from " quicksets" to " Pro-" vided," in Pr. 40. 1. 32.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Anirmiment An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fenditton, in i°sio"ureBd; the County of Cambridge. agreed to.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 21. After " Manor" insert " and the fur-" plus (if any) shall be applied and " disposed of in the same manner as " any money to be paid for the pur*

" chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or " Hereditaments, or of any Timber " or Wood growing thereupon, which sum of money ought to be laid out * as dire died by the said recited Act " in the purchase of other Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be " settled to the same uses, is by the " said Act dire died to be laid out."

The laid Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vuncouver’j, establishing and confirming Exchanges made between John Vancouver, Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Gunning, Vicar of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand,

Widow, and John Brand, Esquire, deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in that County, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. )

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Dover, ' ing of the ingrossed Bill, to amend lb much of an Act, Bl ’ made in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King '

George the First, intituled, " An A<fl for the further preventing His Majesty’s Subjeifts from trading to the East " Indies, under Foreign commissions; and for encouraging " and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for,

" further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the " Isle of Thanet," as relates to the said Pilots, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the 7th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing His Majesty’s " Subjects from trading to the East ,under Foreign " commissions; and for encouraging and further securing " the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating " the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of ‘Thanet," as relates to the said Pilots.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bill *6'®' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the

hi

u

43 Geo. III. 1° August 663

the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in thS last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing several Acts, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases; " and for substituting other provisions in lieu thereof," and to establish Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly';

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sill for better Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Manning the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

OmUia Duty Ordered’, That the Order of the day, for the third reading

Bill, of the ingrossed Bill for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaffia, imported into Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaffia, imported into Great

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

(y'mmRt- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

juUion Bi'J, ing of the ingrossed Bill, for preventing the Exportation ‘ of Tobacco from Great Britain in the ship in which it shall have been imported; for obliging Exporters of Goods to deliver a copy of the Cocquet to the Comptrolling Searchers; for permitting the Importation from New Orleans, in ffiips of the built of the United States of America, Cotton, and other goods, the produce of the Wcflern States of America-, for empowering the principal Officers of the Customs of the Out-ports of Great Britain administer Oaths in certain cases; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland, for a time to be limited, to fell condemned vessels t f to private persons for the purpose of being used as Priva-

‘'’ teers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Regulation of the collection of the Duties of Customs in Gre Britain, in certain cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the r .: Lords, and desire their concurrence.

P

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to &nceBiii. consider further of the Bill for encouraging the ltefidence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The-House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ot her Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the P'wpefl. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 'fsAiic- rectifying a Mi flake in an Act of the last Session of Par-5* Jiament, for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had nude to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by Vol. 58.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Buf Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported, amend so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Sugar Du tie

ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

&c. Bill, committed,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Receipts Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ®u'les granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts, was rcpor * ’ committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present exported.112 Session of Parliament, as relates to the additional Bounty on refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, granted by the said Act, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to limit the periods for the commencement and expiration of the additional Bounty granted by the Laid Act on refined Sugar exported from Great Britain.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Iurtruake the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar, of the

<364? 1 ° A Kg lift L1803.

manufacture of Great Britais committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

itrai Ships Mr. Nicholas V dnjittartpresented to the House, accord-*

fented to ^rder, a Bill to permit, during Hostilities, the

Importation into Great B, in neutral vessels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral vessels, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

onfolidated Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-reiented* fo§ to ^r<^er> a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain i ’ Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds i of Great Britain and Ireland; and for applying certain

! monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And the fame was re-i ceived; and read the first time.

| Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

> morrow.

riih Navlga- The House was moved, That the several Acts, passed in considered foe Parliament of Ireland, for the encouragement and increase of Shipping and Navigation, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

>ownton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable John William Ward, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of

Buckingham.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

P-ng resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the llesolution which, upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

’roperty Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

aifcj Blll> ing of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty, for a time to be limited, a Contribution on the Profits of certain descriptions of Property, and from Professions, Trades, and Offices, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

' by way of Ryder, for providing, That in cases of Disputes respecting the valuation of Property, the Commissioners may direct a survey.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Bill, by way of Rydg-, to prevent Surveyors making vexatious Surcharges.

And the said Clause was brought up; and twice read, with a blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chais.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Cla«cfe was read the third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for providing. That in cases where Referees are appointed, if the Commissioners do not receive a certificate from the Cashier of the Bank, they shall proceed as in cases in which Referees have not been appointed.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39. I.39. After " aforesaid" to insert " to."

Pr. 40. I.13. To leave out "or;" and after "two" to insert " or more."

1. 14. To leave out " or" and after " two," to insert " or more."

I. 20. To leave out from " us " to " by, " in Pr. 41. 1. 3. and insert " shall appear " to be the probable duration of such " life or lives" instead thereof.

Pr. 41. 1. 7. To leave out from the beginning of the line, to the end of 1. 9. and insert " by direction of the Lords Com mi f-" sioners of the Treasury " instead thereof.

Pr. 50. 1. 9.? To leave out "preceding Rule"and in-& ro. S fert "Poor Rate" instead thereof.

Pr. 80. 1. 7. ?To leave out " to this Act annexed"

& 8. J and insert (marked (A.) and (B.)

instead thereof.

Pr. 86. 1. 1. To leave out "annexed to this Act " and insert (marked (A.) and (B.) instead thereof.

Pr. 90. 1. 40. To leave out " last mentioned."

Pr. 91. 1. 1. After " Commissioners " to insert "aft-" ing for ."

Pr. 103. 1. 3. To leave out from the beginning of the line to the second " or " in 1. 4.

Pr. 104. 1. 5. After (E.) to insert "and not spe-" dally exempted from the said respective Duties."

Pr. 118. 1. 13. After " any" to insert " Profession."

I.25. After "such" to ijifert " Profession."

Pr. 119. 1. 9. After " Copartnership " to insert "or " where such precedent Partner shall " not be an acting Partner, then of " the precedent acting Partner."

1. 35. After "such" to insert " Profession or."

!:)

\n.

■ 'i*

43 Geo. III. . 1° Augusti.

Pr. 120. 1. io. After " such to insert "Profession or." fider further of the Supply printed to. llis Majesty, be now 1. 12. To leave out " the" and insert " such " read.

1. 32.

Cor.T.'tteecn ii/.i.c of

0 T.,: Anri: ty Bill.

indeed thereof.

After " in " to insert " any Profession." Pr. 121. 1. 9. After " any" to insert " Profession." 1.24. After " such " to insert " Profession." Pr. 210. h 16. After " appointed" to insert " or into " the Bank of England!'

Pr. 217. 1. 9. After " due " to insert " before or."

r’ 2^2’ & jg' | To leave out " to authorize."

1. 29. To leave out " ail'etfed " and insert " ap-" pointed " in dead therof.

Pr 274. I.23. To leave out "voluntary."

1. 24. After "contributions" to insert "granted " and."

1. 33. To leave out from " them " to the end of 1. 34. and insert " within each " such year during the continuance " of this Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the hill was amended at the 'fable according,'}'.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to Mb Majesty, until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits anting from Property, Professions, Trades, and Oitlces.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

7 J

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the Report which was made from the Report on Committee, to whom the Petition of Dtt Bois, Esquire, late a Captain in Mis Majesty’s reduced regiment of referred. Northumberland Fencible Men, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- 01

fider of the thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and Rate, the public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 21ft day of March t 785; and also, of the fourth Report, relative to the Revenue of the Customs, which, upon the 19th day of July 1797, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, fy far as they relate to the Prisage of Wine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction Instruction, to the said Committee, That they do confuler of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Tivaihry to agree

Bill for enabling I his Majesty to iettle an Annuity of Six- for the purchase of the property of His Majesty, in right of teen Thou land Pounds on the House of Ore.i:ge, during 11 is His Duchy of of His Royal Highness the Prince

Majesty’s pleasure, be now read. of and Duke of Cor me all, in right of his Duchy of

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee. ?Jr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Cornwall, of the Duke of Grafton, of the Duke of,

and of the Marquis of Bate, in the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty having

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, gives

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

\pfts Ordered, That the Order of the day, for t he second read-

His content, as far as Llis Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit; and recommends the same to the consideration of the House.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do con fider of enabling the Lords Commissioners of llis Majesty’s Treasury to agree for the pur-

1 iLr‘,on inS of the Bill for conioiidating the Duties on Stamped chafe of the property of His Majesty, in right of His Duchy jwaaitd. Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, be now . of Lancaster, of llis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales

and Duke of in right of his Duchy of Cornwall,

accordingly; of the Duke ot Grafton, of the Duke of Beaufort, and of

Hie laid Bill was read a iecond fme. the Marquis in the Duties of Prisage and Butler-

Rfdived.That the Bill be committed. age of Wines.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee . Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiil, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

ap

read.

And the said Order being raid Bill

I O il.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

•Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they apn Ordered, That the Order of tire day, for the House to had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon report, when the House will please to receive the same.

4 the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, ar> Act, Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.• made in the 42ft year of the reign of His present. Majesty, -

for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and The House was moved, That the several Resolutions re- Address for Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the ported from the Committee appointed to enquire into the reprinting ftert of Tortola, be now read. . state and condition of the printed Journals of this House, Journa,s>

And the said Order being read accordingly; and General Indexes thereto, and allb of the volumes of

he House resolved itself into the said Committee. printed Reports; and to report the fame, with their Ob-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. iervations and Opinion thereupon, to the House, and

•Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. which were agreed to by the House, might be read.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Xhair. And the same being read accordingly;

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they ReThat an humble Address be presented to His tad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum,

• hereunto; which they had directed him to report, when not exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, to be advanced to die House will please to receive the same. the Deputy Clerk of this House, towards defraying the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. expence of reprinting such of the Journals, Indexes, and

Reports of this House, as have been directed to be re-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to printed; and also for printing eleven volumes of Reports, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- in addition to the four which have been already printed,

O X. . __. 1__

Vol. {S.

8 G together

666

1°—2* A

A. 1803.

6

together with a General Index to the whole fifteen vo- OThat the Order of the day, for the House to Commits* lumes, of which the series will then consist; and to allure resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon buubui'o His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame. the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Credit or Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the Supplies. Majesty, by i'uch Members of this House as are of His credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be,

touting

cd.

fed

s Bill, ted.

Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in warehouse without payment of Duty, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into

granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

cert

Lin'

tie

dan mine be tr crate ;-ii fit

41 Ut

At

On

Id:

tea

tdi AfielT-

Taxes

mfoUdation

Bill,

ifcrrcd.

further consideration the Report from the Committee of the thereunto; which they had directed litm to report, when whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several " * "

Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken mto further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly •,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Bill to rraifj of the ingrossed Bill to correct a Mistakein an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act tary Force " to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and affem-" ble, in Scotland, an additional Military Force for the " r " better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and " for the more vigorous prosecution of the War

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mi

■Com fc L

hii

Li

x;i

.to

feks

m

'^oTnmiUeeon 3iU for erect-ng a Light-souse on the *ell Rock.

h

Martis9 2° die August;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP" Regis, 18 o j.

Prayers.

MR. Duttdas of reported from the Committee, Marten’s

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging paired, to the Trufrees of the Charity of Sir Henry Marten, Knight,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Henry Marten, Esquire, for Lands belonging to Edward Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for erecting Loveden Loveden, Esquire, was ’committed; That the a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Coast of Scotland, and for amending the several Acts for found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned

had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee •, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas of Berkshire do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

■is

1 j

Ay

erecting Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Exemption granted to Ships employed in the Northern Whale Filliery, or trading to Archangel.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee,

That ho counsel appeared before the Committee to of- agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received uponThurfday next.

f.

ViU to pre-ent Frauds >y Makers c€ Aalt in . - cotHnd,

• Referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg, in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His c<!" Majesty’s gaol of Winchester: And also, Debtors ‘

A Petition of the Debtors now in the custody of the Petitions. Sheriff of Berkshire, in His Majesty’s gaol at Reading;

Were'severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distrefi; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, to whom the toi-4 Hugh Ana me iaia vjruer Deing reau aceorumgiy i > ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for con-

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself firming and establishing an Exchange between the Right repotted, into the find Committee. honourable Hugh Seymour Conway, deceased, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John Goldsmith, William VAlrtfpecting Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Horn, Betty Gay, John Fofter, Francis and George

inteBngVifti mS the ingrossed Bill, for exempting Persons serving, or Foster, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the use of I y&\X*xr} who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Mi- the said Lord Hugh Seymour, in exchange of all the Limita-' ■’uu.tjk* Force, raffed under an Act of this Session of Parlia- tions and Estates created by the will of Thomas Land, Gen-

1 . ’ ment, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of Eng- tleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right honourable

land, be now read. George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Euflon, the

And the fold Order being read accordingly; Right honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To- ~ —. .

morrow.

and

George Seymour, and Thomas Asheton Smith, Esquire, their Heirs, and Assigns, upon the trusts declared thereof by a

certain

determined by

43 Geo. III«

certain Indenture of Release, all the pieces or parcels of Land and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to, and to the use of, the said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said Exchange, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Rill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had diretfted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Str do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

tttkfqwr Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Bills Bill on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable &pj!i!esl the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of itpwttd. Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great lor the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then 4 second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Rwipts Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Cutin Bill, ing of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence,

Jill to rtflify Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Aftrefp'a- 'n§ ingrossed Bill for redifying" a Mistake in an Act isgAuc. of the last Session of Parliament, for better collcding the S'* Duties on Audioneers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better collcding the Duties on Auctioneers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-HU. ’ iilg of the ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, niade in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland-, for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; lhe said Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in this Sect lion of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence,

Vo;,. 58.

667

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the C a rate. Re-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cn- commuted couraging the residence of stipendiary Curates on their Bin, Cures, was re-committed, the Amendments which the rerorte Committee had made to the Bill, and whic.i they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Tortola free

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con-tlnue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 42d re-committed-year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of "Tortola, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report re-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Ad, mentioned in the Resolution which, Law. upon Saturday last, was reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and toreport their Opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation " of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited " time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of * Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," which was to continue in force for the term of five years from the 14th day of June 1766, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the nth and 17th years of the

reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 14th day of June 178a, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Ad, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by three Acts, made in the 22(1, 29th, and 35th years of the reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 14th day of June 1802, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Instruaioj*. the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola, is re-committed.

That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pqrfuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the House of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ena- 0r?nge An.

• «• unity fillip bling reported.

2° Augusti.

66S

£° Augusti.

bling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Sixteen Thou-land Pounds on the House of Orange, during His Majesty *s pleasure, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to rc[>ort to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That it be an Tuftruclion to the said Committee, That they do consider cl authorizing I Its Majesty to prohibit the Exportation ot Copper from Ireland,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the-Importation ot \vool into Great Brl'xxi.

Then the 1 Joule rdblved it felt into the said Committee

]\Ir. Speaker left the Ch: !r.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker relume;] the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reporte 1 Imam the Committee, That they had come to levered ivriu’mions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcate to receive the same.

43

mm

fine

O'i

Oil

fi«

l)?il

w

IS

tsJ

1’X

v:cs

»filiation

lois, for s in rica.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and, is as followeth; viz.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Five thomand Three hundred and Twenty Rounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable Ills Majesty to make compensation to Ifaae Du Rod, Esquire, for his Losses sustained as an American Loyalist.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. 1

Ordered, That leave he pjvcn to biin?; in a Bill for tU

removing

Tall respect

of doubts respecting the validity ot A (him- IfVomtu!'-ments made, or to be made, pursuant to the Awards of yon-rs uiUcr the Commissioners acting under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with the United Stares of America, and for the enteral, better enabling of His Majesty to recover the Interests lb assigned: And that the Advocate General, Mr. A'ichdas VcirftiUmt, and Mr. Bond, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

K,

rJ

>ort on 'Ute of

i\e.

Air. Alexander, accordinz

to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred * to consider of the thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was p.reknted to the House upon the 21ft day of March 1785; and also of the fourth Report, relative to the Revenue of the Customs, which, upon the 19th day of July 1797, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, to far as they relate to‘the Pniage of Wine-, and who were instructed to consider of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to agree for the purchase of the property of llis Majesty, in right of His Duchy of Lancaster, of His Royal llighness the Prince of I Vales and Duke of Cornwall, in right of his Duchy of Cornwall, of the Duke ot Grafton, of the Duke of Beaufort, and of the Marquis of

But?. in the Duties ot Priiivjf* nnrt Rntli'nap nfr Wino?

Air. Nicholas Vraft lari presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho-:c nourabie ILr.ife of Commons, elated 13th July 1803, for " a List ot all Pensions [gamed, and now payable, to " Natives and Foreigners, from the lit of January 1800 €t up to the present time."

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The laid Lift is inferred in the Appendix to this

I.)ft of Per., io.is, pre-luitui.

Appendix*

(No. 84.)

accord-

Lord

AmheriVs

Air. Nicholas Varfttart presented to the House, ing to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain ^nmiUy Annuity on William Lord Arnherjl, and the Representatives prciciurd. of the late Jeffery Lord Arnherjl, in confederation of the eminent Cervices pertormed by him during his command in America: And the fame was received; and read the lirft time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the iaid Bill be read a lccond time To-* morrow.

Bute, in the Duties of Prftage and Butler age of Wines, the Air. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, accord- Bill to irr.v.c Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report ing to Order, a Bill to make perpetual so much of an Act,

to the House •, which he read in his place *, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s'fable: Where the fame was read; and is as followed) *, viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury be authorized to contract and amce with the Chancellor and Council ot

o

the Duchy of Lancaster, Ills Royal llighness the Prince of . Wales and Duke of Cornwall, the Duke of Grafton, the Duke of Beaufort, and the Alarquis of Bute, the Grantees of certain Duties of Pit. age and Bulk rage of Wines, ior the purchase of the said Duties.

made in the 19th year of the reign of King George the pr£Vennng Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Pcvfons rerl0^|‘;r going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seiz.ures: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

TY\m\Heeon US. Kav\£\-m AZU.

Air, Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, accord- iCti r<fp^* e , ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His

The said lldolutionbeing read a second time, was, upon Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the pur- vvin'A pre-the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. chalc of the Duties of Prilage and P>utlerae;c of Wines: (tUtevi* 1

And the fame was received; and read the lirlt time. j

Ref/ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Air. 1 Jaw!home, according to Order, reported from the -o mm it tec of the whole House, to whom it was reierred to e n-i*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said llcfo-lution: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Thymic, Mr Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vmfiiart, and Air. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

U

iftruOAons.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I ioufe to refoive \tle\f into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for the encouragement and inaeafe of Snipping a*\d Navigation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *,

V

Committee

consider oi the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the Ilouie upon the 28th dav ot April, the Act 5th day of May, and upon the 11 th and 1 qth days of July lau> by Mr. 0;cv>i, from the Directors of the F.j/i India , _ Company, the Ucsolutions which the Committee had

Ortieretf/V'ivat it be an Vv\l\cuction to t’ne laid Committee, directed him to report to the House; which he read in That they do consider of authorwAng llis Majesty to per- his place; an8 afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table mit the Importation into Ireland of certain Articles in Where the lame were read; and are a: followed!; viz. neutral Ships from States not in amity with His Majesty. , That it appears to this Committee, That the

9 annual

43 Geo. Ill* 2° Angufti. 669

annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces. of Bengal, Bahar, and and from Benares and

Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenues, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, amounted on the average of -three years, 1799, 1800 to 1801-2, both inclusive, to the sum of Six Crore Seventy-six Lacs Fifteen thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-six Current Rupees.

Rcjclvcd, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the P10-' vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the lame heads, which were estimated, for the year 1801-2, to amount to Seven Crore Five Lacs Eleven tliouiand Six hundred and Forty-four Current Rupees, amounted to Seven Crore Twelve Lacs Seventy-nine thou-lancl Eight hundred and Eighty-leven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude, under the heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, which were estimated, for the year 1801-2, at Four Crore Fifty-eight Lacs Twenty-two thousand and Seven Current Rupees, amounted to Four Crore Seventy Lacs Fifty-five thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Puft Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties for the year 1802-3, are estimated, by the Governor General in Council, to amount to the sum of Seven Crore Sixty-one Lacs Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Forty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and in Benares and Oude, under the heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the year 1S02-3, are estimated, by the Governor General in Council, to amount to the sum of Four Crore Fifty-three Lacs Fifty tliouiand Six hundred and Fifty-five Current Rupees.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements lubordi-nate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads of Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on the average of three years, 1799, 1800 to 1 & 1-2, both inclusive, to the iurti of Twenty-eight Lacs Forty-one thousand Four hundred and Ninety-two Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements iubordi-uate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads of Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Subsidy from the Rajah of Tanjore, and Revenues collected from his Countries, Subsidy from the Rajah of My fore, and Revenues of the Ceded and Conquered Countries, Subsidy from the Nizam, and Revenues from the Countries ceded by him. Land Revenues, Farms and Licences, which were estimated, for the year 1801-2, to amount to Ninety-seven Lacs rorty-seven thousand Six hundred and One Pagodas', amounted to One hundred and Eighteen Lacs Twenty-four thousand and Twenty-five Pag c as.

Resolved, That it apraars to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the End India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint Geoiye, and in the Settlements fubor-dinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, Vt>L. 58.

under the respective heads of Post Office, Civis, -Mili-t tary, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated for the year 180J-2, ttf amount to One hundred and Thirteen Lacs Ninety-eight thousand Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pagodas, amounted to One hundred and Twenty-four Lacs Nine thousand Three hundred and Fifty-five Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Pre-' fidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordi-r.are thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the heads aforesaid, for the year 1802-3, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Madras to amount to the lum of One hundred and Sixteen Lacs Seventy-five thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-three Pagodas. 1

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the rdpeiftive heads aforesaid, in the year 7802-3, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Madras to amount to the lum of O ne hundred and Thirteen L.acs Eighty-nine thousand One hundred and Ninety-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Pre-lidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto,

exclusive of Malabar, amounted, on the average of three years, 1799, 1800, to 1801-2, both inclusive, to the ium of Twenty-two Lacs Thirty-five thousand One hundred and Seventy-four Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Ere* lidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the year 1801-2, to amount to Twenty-four Lacs Sixteen thousand Two hundred and Twenty-seven Rupees, amounted to Twenty-seven Lacs Nineteen thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-two Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the year 1801-2, to amount to One Crore Five Lacks Thirty-six thousand and Seventy-five Rupees, amounted to One Crore Five Lacs Fifty-three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the year 1S02-3, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Thirty-six Lacks Forty* six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the year 1802-3, are estimated by the Governor and Council of Bombay to amount to Eighty Lacs Sixty-five thousand Light hundred and Thirty-six Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and ks Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms', and Licences, amounted, on an average of three years, 1798-9 to 1800-1, both inclusive, to Thirty-five thousand Two hundred and Twenty-six SpanijhDollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company at the several Settlements in India, amounted, on the 30th April 1802, to the Sum of Nineteen Crore Ninety-six Lacs Fifty-fe-ven thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Current Rupees, in which is included the sum of One Crore Thirty-one Lacs Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-four Current Rupees, stated to be in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the part of the aforesaid Debts bearing Interest (including the lum of One Crore Thirteen Lacs Sixty-three thousand Five hundred and Fifteen Current Rupees, the amount of the

8 H t Public

*2° August

rL

A. 1803.

13

Public Securities redeemed by the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund) amounted to Sixteen Crore Ninety-nine Lacs Forty-eight thousand Three hundred and Twenty-ftven Current Rupees, and that the Interest thereon amounted to One Crore Ftorty-eight Lacs Ten thduland ftven htiridred and Four Current Rupees, including the sum of Eight Lacs Sixty-nine thousand and Three Current Rupees, the Interest on the Amount redeemed by the Sinking Fund

"'hat it ippi value of Assets in India, confiding furies, of Bills receivable, of Goods provide for England, of Goods imported to be iold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for use and Lie, amounted, on the 30th April 1802 (including Current Rupees, Seven Crore Twenty-four Lacs Twenty-seven thousand One hundred and thirteen, of Debts dated to be owing to the Company there) to Thirteen Crore Thirty-seven Lacs Twenty-seven thousand Four hundred and Ten Current Rupees, of which sum the Public Securities and Balance in the hands of the Commissioners of

Harbour of Btijiol; with forhe Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this

House.

And then the MclTengers withdrew.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read a second fektotioni time, were, upon the Question teverally put thereupon,*Accounts,

agreed to by the House. »p*edt*».

A Petition of the Admirals and Captains of His Ma-'Petition of Resolved, That it Appears to this Committee, That the jedy’s Fleet at Plymouth, 23d July x'803, was presented A^nir*l», Jre. alue of Assets in India, confiding of Calli in the Trea- to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Peti- rel, iti« to

to be shipped tioners have observed, with much pleasure, the powetS Pr«e Caufti with which the Commissioners for Naval Enquiry areveded, to examine into the conduct of the Agents appointed for Captures made by the Navy during the lad War; and the Petitioners, relying on the countenance and support which they have ever experienced from the House, presume to request that they will be pleated to extend the powers of the said Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, by directing them to invettigate the manner in which Prize ■causes have hitherto been conducted, both at home and the Sinking Fund forms a part, to the amount of One abroad, in order that they may be enabled to recommend

' Inch alterations as may appear to them advisable to be

adopted for the interest? of the British Navy; for which purpose they further request, that the said Commissioners may be authorized to call for the production of all papers and documents appertaining thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

fel

•Ml)

T!

Tt

Me

Tate

So

•i Mr •i£ LI

u

As

h

... J

Crore Thirty-one Lacs Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the balance of Stock in favour of the East India Company’s Commerce in China, amounted, at the conclusion of the year 1801-a, to the sum of Ninety-one thousand Four hundred and Thirty-four Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including Thirty-four thousand Nine hundred and Nine-tv-two Pounds ot Debts transferred from India) amounted on the 1 ft day of March 1803, to Four Millions Seven hundred Seventy-three thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-six Pounds.

ResolveJ, That, it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England and afloat outward, confiding of Annuities, Calli in Treasury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold, Cargoes afloat, and other articles in their Commerce, amounted on the ift day of March 1803, to the sum ot Seventeen millions Four hundred and Forty thousand Five hundred and

U!

The Advocate General presented to the House, accord- Bill respeaing -ing to Order, a Bill for the removing of doubts respect- coif-° ing the validity of Alignments made, or to be made, iioners under pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under xreatyTpre-the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States rented.’ lid of America \ and for the better enabling of His Majesty - r

to recover the interests so aligned: And the fame was a;

received; and read the first time. d

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. /;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow'.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Bill ing to Order, a Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the Ninety-three Pounds, including Three millions Five hun- Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Loner and Upper in Canada, dred and Seventy-three thousand Three hundred and Canada to the trial and punishment of Persons guilty of Prclented*

crimes and offences out of the limits of the said Pro-And the lame was received •, and read the first

claim

Thirty-nine Pounds, dated by the Company as a upon Government, subject to adjustment.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company’s Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated on an average to amount to Four millions* N me hundred and Eighty-eight thousand -Three hundred Pounds, amounted in the year 1802-3, to the sum of Six millions Forty-eight thou land and Twenty-eight Pounds.

4 v nf I on'.*

vmccs: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time, V|

Ordered, 1'hat the said Bill be read a lctond time Tomorrow. \

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, wtions ■. That, as it now apjxeavs to be in the contemplation ot /.

1 lis Majesty’s Government to erect Works in the neigh- London,'ic. :,

r.avpUtited to

, BU\ for Relief 7 ut C tutors of Vivzea.

,v-f VtAt-t tt\U.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with rdpect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities, without any Amendment*. And also,

*. Ouv ibury Judolurc Bill.

ui

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. bourhood of London, in case an Enemy Lhould.by any ex- withdrawn.

traordinary fortune of War, be able to approach the Metropolis, it is the Opinion of this House, that such a precaution will be highly wife and expedient; but that the efficacy of this, and other measures of the fame description, in different parts of the Kingdom, rnuft materially depend on their being executed before the disembarka-The Lords have agreed to pie Bill, intituled, An Act for tion of an Enemy (Ivall have actually taken place: And the rendering JulYiccs of the Peace and Governors and this House will most cheerfully concur in granting to His Deputy Governors ot Counties and Places in Ireland, more Majesty tuch powers, and making good such expences as fate in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying may be found necessary, for the most speedy and effectual

accomplitlrment of these highly important objects;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the other Orders of the dav be now read.

And the said Motions were, severaliy, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Contlables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively; without any Amendment: And alto, The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Tuwvdhip of DcvjJbiry, in the M elt Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment*. And also, tvory.uci n The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for tiuiuiuie B'At. \nc\01.ng Lands in 1 lie PanlYies of If or piefIon and

horove, and in the Manor of in the Parishes of

*, ' Jjh and Putt’nham, in the County of Surrey; without any

Amendment *. And also,

Hu- 'Vhe lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

fji

V

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, w That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, appoint^ That He will be graciously pleased to appoint a Military Mdiwy Council, confilling ot General Officers, and such others Co^\ as to His Majesty’s wisdom shall leem tit, for the purpose ot giving then* advice, when called upon by His Majesty, respecting the defence of the Country, and of being con-

Vdo\ Har-

,0Ur Attend improving, and rendering mote commodious, the Port and lulled occjlionally, or from day to day, if necessary, by the

vPU

46 Geo. III.

the Commander in Chief, and His Majesty’s Ministers, upon that important subject;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mm for the Yeas.) J}j;

Tellers for (he So it passed in the Negative.

IJifurlmiU*

ing

iiciiiti in lrclM prtlculed.

Jotrctics on fi'li imported fr «n New*

'.i !’.d, to bccouiidcred.

Augujii671

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain films o^Mo- Con/biidawd ney out of the rdpedive Consolidated Funds of Great

tain and Ireland; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refo.bed, That the Bill be committed.;

RefobThat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

RefobThat this House will, this day, resolve itself Mr. Carry'presented to the House, according to Order, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

a Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Thou-

/•._.! n i. i u i ■': r , a , Yj)e Order of the day being read, for the House to Sugar Duties,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^eVerM.’ the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar of the manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain;

Refobed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into the said Committee.

}3S. ) 63-

And

sand Pounds, for building Giebe-houses in Ireland: the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a second time.

And the House having continued to fit till Three of the clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be readasecond time this day.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the first day of August one thou-" sand eight hundred and tw-o, the Importation of certain " Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of , and for granting a Bounty thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Sramp Dutif* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 4Uwft

the Bill for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum; deferred.

Refobed, That this House will, this day, resolve itself Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain;

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of the said Act as relates to granting a Bounty on lalted or pickled Salmon, and laited dry Cod Fish, imported from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain.

Refobed, That this House will, this day, resolve it-seif into the said Committee.

' v farther Con-

■ (Million or XfcWft on | Civ.! Lilt \hnm, [fa'erred.

jCornihittreon

li!i rflpcct-

■s; »k Aliens.

Tire Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Warehouse>< tlier consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Goods imported into Britain to be secured in ware-consideration the Report which was made from the Select house without payment ot Duty, was committed;

Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Ordered, That ti.e laid Report be taken into further Majesty’s Civil List Revenue; Consideration this day.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further Assessed consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties c

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for " An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Rcgu- granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; '* lations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on " resident therein, in certain cases; and for substituting Carriages construded by Coachmakers, and granting new " other provisions in lieu thereof;" and to establish ltegu- Duties thereon, under the management of the said Com-lations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or re- missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on

siding therein, in certain cases, during the present llofli-lities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed;

Ordered,’Wat the said Report be taken into further consideration this day.

|:ifetter

I'Miag ihe

ferroi.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further scotch Af-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Med Taxe» thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the Co"‘°lldauoR House will please to receive the lame. provisions contained in any A<d or Acts relating to the deferred.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day. Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called solve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Scotland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration this day.

Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more Biii ro pr"'

Committee on

-Tutted.

A Bill to permit, during Hostilities, the Importation effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for pre-

into Great Britain, in neutral Vessels, from States in amity ' ~ ' ' ~ v M*'r"‘ ‘

with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed.

‘Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the House will please to receive the lame.

venting Frauds by Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg, in Mak h*"* Scotland. - Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.'

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

of the whole House.

Refobed, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said ' Bill.

Vol. 58.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for exempting Persons PlU refPcft-

* ° 1> ing Exemp-

GiOOglfe6

672

2°-—3° A ugujiu

A,. 1803.

b Mi-Force

cd. 1

> rectify lake in

1 Mili-•orce

•Amendments being severally read a second upon the Questkm severally put thereupon,

I,

*cd.

serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the ad-The said tional Military. Force, raised under an Act of this Session time, were, of Parliament, from being balloted to serve in the Militia agreed to by the House, of England, be read the third time this day.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to correct a Mistake in

an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti- , _ ___

tuled, " An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually River Thames, from the City of to the opposite feme!

" to raiseand assemble, in Scotland, an additional Military Ihore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the door; he " Force for the better defence and security of the United was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

" Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

•vxr_*» i______i L. l:.j ___.i i 1 r . I, , .-.i i , 1' a__________.i

The House being informed that Mr. John Clementson, Accounts of from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the

ik Mil liar

f?

A

T

War," be read the third time this day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

fwer to i diets.

Mercurii,3°;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address ol Monday last, relative to the printed Journals, Indexes, and Reports, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions as desired by the said Address.

etition from A Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships f]rt4t * and Vessels trading from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in amom the County of Norfolk, to the Ports of Norway and the

Baltic, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for erecting a Light-house on the Bell or

A Book, entitled, " Four Quarterly Accounts ct the Treasurer to the Commissioners ol IPcjhninster Bridge, to the 5th day of April 1803; and also a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

The said Book is preserved amongii the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. The Lords

tfc

Oi

W

■ IISJO

ede

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have

have agreed to

agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act K\Wto make

‘ lie :i

■W.

A:

h:

?/mfl Bill Or creating 1 Lisht-kouCe m the Bell Rock.

Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coastot Scotland, and for amending the several Acts for cresting Lighthouses in the Northern parts of Great Britain, io far as relates to the Exemption granted to Snips employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading to Archangel-, and setting forth.

That, from the situation of the Port of Great Yarmouth, and from the Bell or Cape Rock being very much embayed off the Tay, the erection of such Iight-house will be of no benefit or advantage to the Trade of the said Port tailing to any Ports in Norway or the or to other places

not immediately Coastxvife on Scotland; and therefore that the Charge recommended in the Bill to be made on British vessels Uo far as relates to the said Port) will be a great and uielcfs burthen to the Petitioners, who constantly have, and flail wholly maintain the Piers and Haven of their own Port, at a great and enormous expence: And therefore praying, That the Trade of the said Port may be exempted from the operation of the said Bill, should the fame pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

j , until the Report be received from the Committee of the | whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

V \V)ncVs Sir John William Andersonreported from the Committee,

*° whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An '.v Amendments, Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands, in the ParUh . i of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George

t' Wynch, Esqu’ue, is felled in Fee-simple, in lieu ot, and

exchange for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Goner by' and Manthoipe, in the County of Lincoln, being the settled j Effatc of the said George Wynch and Mary his Wife, was

■ committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

\ gatlons of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

' that the parties concerned had given their consent to the

J Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

' Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

A Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to

V}\ Tcport to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, i, V in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

j) read; and ate as followed!; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. ao. Leave out " two," and insert " five;" and " leave out from " year" to " yet," in 1. and insert " including the Land " Tax, and the improved value thereof, " not exceeding Fifty-five Pounds, and " the T imber thereon, not exceeding the

" value of Six Pounds."

to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Com- Otuimof pany to make reatonab’e Allowances to the Owners of cer- India Ships, j-tain Snips in the service of the said Company, on account G

of the extraordinary Expence attending the outfit of the LT

said Ships, between certain periods; without any Amend- rii

ment: And also, Gr

The" Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SeotchCottw for preventing and settling Difnr.t which may arise be- f,n

tween Mailers and Weavers engaged in tire Cotton Manu- [w

facture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers; and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the . "■

needle; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lords V' Atncndmtistl

to Bristol

V

V

V"

The II oufe proceeded to take Into confideTatlon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, Harbour Bill*0-; the Port and Harbour of BrijloL ijrecdto.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 36. Leave out from cc paid" to (f And,"

in Pr. 30. 1. 35. lit!

Pr. 116. 1. 6.)Leaveout cc Lid Dock Company," and & 7.$ insert " Justices of the Peace, in

" Quarter Sessions assembled." b

Pr. 184. 1. 21. Leave our u and, " and insert ".then." D-j

Pr. 187. 1. 4. After " at," insert " the*" and in the b

fame line, after " mills," insert " a- b

" foresaid,"

The said Amendments being severally read a iecond A

time, were, upon the Questiorv severally put thereupon, },

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the y,

I ords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. '

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, iwg MiLnr " and render more effectual, an Act', passed in the present s^vice, , *c Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His 01 ei ■*? Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and \

" security of the Realm, during the present (Var, and for in-" damnifying Persons who may fiff'er in their property by such " measures as may be necessary for that purpofs *, and to enable <c His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise u His ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring; " the Military Service of His liege Subjects in calc of ln-" vafion of the Realm," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Steeky Mr. Hi Icy Addington, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for exempting Persons fenfing, or 6 who

' y

Az -0 hr

43 Geo.

3® AnguJ

673

TF-rglM> Mi* iitif)' ForCC

Act,

passed.

who have found Subftltutes ito serve, in the additional OThat leave be given to bring in a Bill, to em- Bill respect Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Par- power His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieotenancy for the 1

A:-;.-.

V,.-

liament, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third tinie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being balloted to lerve in the Militia of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. \

City of London to cairy into execution, within the said London, City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, or JereJ' intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual,

" an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, in-" tituled, An Act to enable His Majes more to provide for the defence and security of the , during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may fujfer in

their property by such measures as may be for that purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of His liege Sub-

, Sr

in

Bill to realty a Mistake in Scotch

! Military | Force Act, pied.

jests in case of Invasion of the RealmAnd that the Ordered^ That the Order of the daj% for the third read- Lord Mayor of London, Sir John William Anderson, Sir Wiling of the ingrossed Bill to correct a Mistake in an Act, liam Curtis, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, and made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An bring in, the fame. cc Ad to enable His Majesty more effofluallyto raise and

44 assemble in 'Scotland, an additional Military Force, for Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, accord- Bill topre-" the better defence and security of the United King- ing to Order, a Bill for preventing the forging and coun-4C dpm, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the terfeitiilg of Foreign Bills of Exchange and of Foreign Foreign13

-C 'Bill to imend Act requiring Military; Strike,

| pFtfented.

% Awards

Nrj under American

"f

" War," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The fa'd Biff was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to rectify a Miilake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for railing an additional Military Force in Scotland, and for exempting Persons serving therein, either persona’ly or by Substitute, from being balloted to lerve in the Militia of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiiie their concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and " render more effectual an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectual/y to provide for the defence and

" security of the Realm, during the present War, and for in-" demnifying Persons who may suffer in their property by such " measures as may be necessary for that purpose; and to enable

His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise " His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring " the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of In-" vafion of the Realm:" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Promissory Notes, and Orders for the payment of Money, Notes, &c. and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper pre en c Money: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower His Majesty’s Com- £fviCe in'7 missioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry London, into execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the Preftnte<1' present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and fe-" curity of the Realm during the present and for indenuu-

" fying Persons who may suffer in their property by such measures.

" as may be necessary for that purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His an-* cient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Mili-

tary Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of " the Realm And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

re-committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into fur- TVarehoufing ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the Bl11, whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second read- Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in wareing of the Bill for the removing cf doubts respecting the house without payment of Duty, was committed, benow validity of Assignments made, or to be made, pursuant read.

to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the And the said Order being read accordingly; seventh Article of the Treaty with the L^nited States of And the House being informed that several other America; and for the better enabling of His Majesty to Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Jop*-

Jttouj.

Of

ft/' '

recover the interests so assigned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The feid Bill wai read a second time.

■solved. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself lQto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the fprging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of

Exchange and of Foreign Promissory Notes, and Orders ...... ._r__________ ,

for the payment of Money, and for preventing the coun- had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendfc twfeiting of Foreign Copper Money: And that Mr. At- ments thereunto; which they had- directed him to report, ferney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.- Corry, Mr. when the House will please to receive the same:

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mi. Alexander, do prepare* and Ordered, That die Report be received Tommorrow. w»|in, the fame, I

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Com1* mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolvt: itself into a Committee of the whole House, ta consider1 further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said’ Coafide«i Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mx.'Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

on

aviga L tU.

674

3° Augujii.

A: 1803.

of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, is commuted. That they have Power to make provikon in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Warekmdnj

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for the encouragement and increase of Shipping and Navigation; and who were instructed to consider of authorizing His Majesty to permit the Importation into Ireland of certain Articles in neutral Ships from States not in amity with His Majesty; and also to consider of the Im- into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of per- P3"

dire

Sep

the

(OIK

di

portation of Wool into Great Britain and likewise of authorising His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Copper from Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth •, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, organzined Thrown Silk, of the growth or production of to be imported into Ireland from any Port or Place in amity with His Majesty, in any Ship whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

mitting Spirits made in Ireland, and imported directly from fidered. thence into Great Britain, to be landed and warehoused for Exportation without payment of Duty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeco* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon B«tlfor 'Kt’" the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Motion for in it bean Instruction to the said Committtec, That they have

Power to make provision in the said Bill for the more

(N<S)

it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Flax or Flax speedy decision of Appeals in matters of Prize;

Seed to be imported into Ireland, from any place whatsoever, in any Ship belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, Persons free of 'the Turkey Company to import into Ireland any Goods which have been usually imported from Turkey or Egypt, or any of the dominions of the Grand Seignior within the

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when

Cm

jpa

*fe

fern

sdt

P

kA

feta

id

Levant Seas; from any Port or Place whatsoever, either in the House will please to receive the same.

Irifk Ships, or in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Goods or Commodities, which have been usually imported from any Port or Place in Europe within the Streights of Gibraltar, to be imported into Ireland from any Port or Place whatsoever (not within the dominions of the Grand Seignior) in any Irish Ship, or in any Ship belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Goods and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of Exchequer His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills Hill on Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, swthM, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of Great paired. Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be.

rH

Merchandize, which have been deposited in warehouses by grante(} by Parliament for the Service of Britain, for

Order in Council, on their Importation into Ireland, to be taken out of warehouse either for Home Consumption or Exportation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Pitch and Tar, Deal Boards, Fir, and Timber, to be imported into Ireland in Irifi-built Ships from any of the Ports of many.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be authorized to prohibit, for a limited time, the Exportation of Copper from Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit, for a limited time. Salt, the produce of Portugal, to be imported into Ireland, in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Wool to be imported into Great

the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

:S(

'■'■I

tf.

To.

The ingrossed Bill, for encouraging the residence of Sti- Curates Re-pendiary Curates on their Cures, was, according to Order, Bul’ 7; read the third time. pi,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, 7:

An Act for encouraging the residence of Stipendiary '■

Curates on their Cures throughout and Ireland, and for granting a certain sum for the Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the residence of Incumbents.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- House of

X

A A

\ ",

re

V' pftxu&ioiu

r

Britain, and Barilla, Jesuits Bark, Linen, \am. Hemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool, and Cotton Wool, to be imported into Ireland, from any place whatsoever, in any Ship belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be authorized to permit, for a limited time, the Importation into Ireland of Goods and Merchandize in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in amity with . His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being fevcraWy read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, during hofti-lities, the Importation into Great Britain, in neutral Vef* fels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation

ing of the ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle

an Annuity of Sixteen Thousand Pounds on the House of pjjycd. Orange, during His Majesty’s pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of ' I Sixteen Thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during His Majesty’s pleasure.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill to Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for pre- MAt venting Frauds by Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg, in Sc ,tl*^’ Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which rti>

Committee had made to the Bill, and which the they had directed

43 Geo. III.

3° Augusti.

67S

to C;-., V-

* , C

atv.i

• directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fe-, cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

• t

1 jtfytft- Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the igAlans, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A<fb for repealing several Acts for establish-" ing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King-" dom, or resident therein, in certain cases; and for lub-" ftituting Other provisions in lieu thereof," and to establish Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases, during the present Hostilities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

directed him to report, to the House; and he read the Re- ing to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. . '

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Bill respea-Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the purchase of prfra^eu""1 the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, was, accord- wines, ing to Order, read a second time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bill respect-Justice in the Provinces of Lowerand Uppei' Canada to the ofgo!fcnders trial and punishment of Persons guilty of crimes and of- in Canada, fences out of the limits of the said Provinces, was, accord- comnuUe‘i'

3 I

port in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally plit thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ifturn of , Qualifications

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Bill for Thousand Pounds for building Glebe-houses in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time. in Ireland,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotlle will. Tommorrow, resolve

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant •fMiiitijoi- *° the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

fcen, pre. Return of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Ma- laid Bill, jesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those Iaft presented to this House.

Together with a List; and the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

The said Return is preferred among the other Papers the reign of His present Majesty, as relates1 to granting f’oundland

of this Session. a Bounty on salted or pickled Salmon, and salted dry

Cod-fish, imported from Newfoundland and the Coall of CwmittMon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Linto Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, Instruction; the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made That they do consider of granting a Bounty on Fish im-

in the 42d year of the reign of His present Majesty, for ported from Newfoundland into Ireland.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much'of an Act, made in the 41ft year of from New-

JVt Bill, (Expiring

enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed

.< I01J ‘fefrlT

Mr Alexanderreported from the Committee, That they him to report, when the House will please to receive the

had gone through tire Bill, and made several other Amend- fame.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Neutral Ships

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^Jft11*

A Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Bill to permit, during Hostilities, the Importation into e * iityBin, William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Great Britain, in neutral vessels, from States in amity with jfefery Lord Amherst, in consideration of the eminent ler- His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; vices performed by him during his command in America, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to was, according to Order, read a second time. prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. the Importation, in neutral vessels, from States not in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; .

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve iftelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

S,-

,o The Order of the day being read, for the House to committeeon

C^Aa A Bill to make perpetual lo much of an Act, made in resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Consolidated

i’.-the 19th year of the reign of King George the Second, as the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain sums of Mo- Fuiwi B, U'

~'u‘ relates to the further punishment of Persons going armed ney out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great

or difeuifed; and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs t Britain And Ireland-, and for applying certain Monies therein

in Informations upon Seizures, was, according to Order, mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight

read a second time. hundred and three; '

Vol. $8. Ordered,

viOUV

CntH,

676

3°—4° A

A. 1803-.

Committee on Stamp Duties Coalolidadon

Bill.

AflelTctl Taxes Bill, again recommitted.

infirudioa. Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Ap-

! propriation.

! Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

j Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair..

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when "the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander.took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the' several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was re-committed.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a, Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,' immediately, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the several Resolutions, which, upon the 44th day of June last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And/lie lame were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order then made, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the last of the said Resolutions, might be read.

| And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

fnftrufHon. Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is again re-committed, That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to, fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain c.illed Scotland, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Confident Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow , Morning, Ten of the clock.

v;c

k

the!

[■•’I

Order for Bill, or Bills, on RefoHitioiu Tefpecting Auefled \ Taxes,

<1* {charged.

The other Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of ion the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners

Scotch Aflfcfled Taxes (blidatton

Jovis, 4° die August;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to EiaroftWrif the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ foe the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of KiwroJ's, in the room of Major General Clcphane, who, since his election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the tfiand of Grenada.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Wjmch’t settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George Wynck, Esquire, Amendmaitt. is seised in Fee-simple, in lieu of, and exchange for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Gonerby and Manthorpe, in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said George Wynch and Mary his wife, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. '

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to* which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence’ of their Lordships,

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the ingrossed Co^*^tK* Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting the Sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate belonging to to fit Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants, and to To-morro*. John Wray, Esquire, John Fea, Gentleman, and Molly I Pray,.

his Wife, in undivided shares, in Fee-simple, and for inverting the Purchase-monies of the Infants shares in other real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fec-simple, in lieu of such shares, is committed, have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the ingrossed

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the w ,-lt Honourable William Gordon, Assignee of Dudley North, To-raon^". Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly, in the County of Middlesex, with part of the fixtures and furni-' ture settled therewith, by a codicil to the Will of Elizabeth

Cavendish, Widow, and for settling part of the Estates of the said Dudley North, in the County of Suffolk, in lieu Ot, and in exchange for the same, is committed, have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ambcrft' the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord AmheiJ}, and the Representatives of the late

Jeff*}

hi

h

1.110

•'n:

.10'

0;

r.\,

’’-It

0.

l

•1; s

43 Geo. III.

4° AiigitjiL

671

iCCssi

’Jeffery Lord Amherst, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him during his command in,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Hawkins Browne, according to Order, reported from Bin for crei the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Commit fee on

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when erecting a Light-house on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Beil Rock, the House wi'l please to receive the same. Eastern Coait of Scotland, and for amending the several rePorted-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. . Acts for erecting Light-houses in the Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Exemption granted to Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ships employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading 811 M re*°^ve dself into 3 Committee of the whole House, upon to was committed, the Amendments which the

fomenting the Bill to make perpetual lo much of an Act, made in the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

Persons going 19th year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates directed him to report to the House; and he read the

to the further punishment of Persons going armed or dil- Report in his place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill,

guised, and to the relief of Officers of the Customs in in- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 9. 1.5.; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

'Hie Amendment in Fo. 9. 1. 5. which was to leave out " September" and insert " December," instead thereof, being read a second time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

formation^ upon Seizures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House reioived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

!&:• C , it

s*1

, Esi-i

Commits on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re-

Biiinipea- f0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the PnuKOB ° Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury ttmei. of Great Britain to contract for the purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlcrage of Wines, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Mr' miiatn Du>td^ eiiers for trie I cas, ( Mr SmU q{ Norwick,

5 x7*

"r ^rof m.

So it passed in the Negative.

The residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second tifne, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofled. ’

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ridley and Mr. T|ie ion's

havea i dto

'ill to pre-wt Fnuds

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Maker of ln8 d>c ingrossed Bid, for more else dually securing cer-MAin Scot- tain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers Mpoileu. of Malt from Bear or Bigg, in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.

Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for VoteofCiedit enabling His Majesty to railc the sum of Two Millions, for Blll‘ the uses and purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service

Bills Bill (£.l,;oo, oooo)

Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred

Committee

on

tary

»ce in

■on.

r'.

y

Bear or Bigg, in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into execution within the said City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty " more effectually to provide for the defence and security " of the Realm during the present War, and -

" tug Persons who may suffer ( property by such " measures as may be necessary for that purpose-, and to " enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to " exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in re-" quiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case " of Invasion of the Realm," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. ;3, ' ’ —

and three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Quaffia Duty-for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Qualfia im- Bdl-ported into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act •Woollen to suspend, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, Bill, and Proceedings, under certain Ad3 relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture j without any Amendment. i

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Comfoitteeoa 1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to onrrtL0^* 1 consider of permitting Spirits made in Ireland, and imported Spirits, directly from thence into Great Britain, to be landed arid warehoused for Exportation without payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

8 K Mr.

b>

678

4‘ Augujli.

A. 1803.

Accounts rei'pe6ting 'Vi shing Vefii&ls, &c. ordered.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Jjad. -come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Fishing Vessels which have entered at the Coast Office in the Custom House, in the

Port of London, from 25th March 1798 to 25th March made part of the Bill.

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, \vere agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Agents to keep their offices open Two days in the week, at least, for paying shares of Prize Money.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

Commisteeon Bill for

hniMino;

hollies in Ireland.

1803; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of Fish brought to Billingsgate Market by the different Candidates for the Bounties, granted by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the fealons 1801 and 1802, and 1802 and 1803.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Committee on Bill to amend requiring Military Service.

"Reported.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

•resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the removing of doubts respecting the validity the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Thou- ‘ ~ sand Pounds, for building Glebe-houses in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled," An Act to amend, and render more " effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more " effectuallyto provide for the defence and feenrity of the " Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Per-" fans who may suffer in their property by such measures " as may be necejdry for that purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His

" ancient and undoubted Prerogative in

requiring

the

" Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Itivafion " of the Realm," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Alexandertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and and Paper, m Britain, was committed, the Amend-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once' which they had directed him to report to the House; and read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

of Assignments made, or to be made, pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of;

and for the better enabling of His Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The House being informed that Mr. Welfield, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he was called in -, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the number of Fishing Vessels which have entered at the Coast Office in the Custom House in the Port of London, from 25th March 1798 to 25th March 1803; distinguishing each year: And also,

An Account of the total Quantities of Fi{h brought to Billingsgate Market by the different Candidates for the Bounties, granted by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the seasons 1801 and 1802, and 1802 and 1803.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Committee ot Bill ref:>e&-ine: Awards of Commissioners under American Treaty.

Accounts

Fiftiing Ve I lifts, &c. presented.

for better

Minning the Navy, Sported.

upon

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow. '

Nr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the F.ncouragcment of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Natty, was committed, die Amendments which the Committee had made to the

throughout;

1.,

Where the Amendments were once read and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to- whom the Bill to con-10 tinue.

Tortola

Free Port

tim:

veil

\!.r

cert;

ijitt

hG

Djrt

1

At:

d

k

C'

r>t;

t

O'

fa:

W',[

•’T'

11 !i

S3S a 1.: ,

ku I

3

Gj

t;:c

AC

k

k,

k

il.

k

Stamp

Consolidatio*,

Bill.

reported.

V Hi

k,\

Ik

r

43 Geo. III.

4° Aiigufti.

679

Bill,

rrpOlf'i-

(Expiring

UK.

tinue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the 4id vear of the reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of

certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of 'tortola,

was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabid: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a le-cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally Parliament, for establishing Regulations repefting Aliens

* fbefting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain cases; and for substituting other prd-" visions in lieu thereofand to establish Regulations re-spe»5ting Aliens arriving in this •Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of

Consolidnted fund Bill, nported.

archoufing

re-committed

Bill,

reported.

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in warehouse without Payment of Duty, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for fav-ing the Privileges of the London and West India Dock Companies.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until three months after the Ratification bf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases. N

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

resolv

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee or olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon P1*1

r ing Trial Of ct Oti'enders

the Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada to in Canada, the trial and punishment of Persons guilty of crimes and offences out of the limits of the said Provinces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when, the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Chm- Reported, mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment; in the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Jpre.

8:11 to ’fMto'utl-of foreign

flitted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day. For the House to Committeeon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Biu.1* Ships the Bill to permit, during Hostilities, the Importation into Great Britain, in neutral Vessels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels,* from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.' -

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexanier, according to Order, reported from the jcotch Af-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Taxe* i

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange and of foreign Pro-milfory Notes, and Orders for the Payment of Money, and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Co".l'|, KUt,oa

Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management reported, of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that ing of the ingrossed Bill, to repeal an Act, passed in the part of called Scotland, was re-committed,

last Session of Parliament, intituled, ." An Act for re- the Amendments which the Committee had made to the " pealing several Acts for establishing Regulations re- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Vol. 58. House;

10

680

4°—5° A

A. 1803.

House; and; he read the Report in his-place;. and after- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the when the House will please to receive the same.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read -■ Ordered, That the Report be received lo-mqrrow.

' throughout i and then a lecpnd time, one by one; and, And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

upon the Questton fevera ly put thereupon, one of them Morning, Ten of the clock,

were duagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed. - ...

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-. morrow.

Committee on

Ailcffed Tcixes Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or On Commission, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some further Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Bounces Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Fish imported Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred from New- to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 41ft year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to granting a Bounty on salted or pickled Salmon, and lalted dry Cod Filli, imported from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain; and who were instructed to consider of granting a Bounty on Fish imported from Newfoundland into Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Shillings be allowed on every One hundred weight of salted or pickled Salmon, or salted dry Cod Fill), imported into Great Britain and Ireland from the Id and of Newfoundland, or Coast of Labrador.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ' v,

Or^rfJ;cTh'at it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain, is committed, that they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

fuundland.

inrtni&ion.

The other Order of the day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

*^u^ullcs» House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Importation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

| Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Veneris, 5° dieAugujli;

Anno 43* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1803.

Pr avers.

MU. Buller of Wefilooe reported from the Committee, Nortl),

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Edate Bin, ' An Act for vesting in the Honourable William Gordon, Af- reported, signee of Dudley North, Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly, in the County of with part

of the fixtures and furniture settled therewith, by a codicil to the Will of Elizabeth Cavendish, Widow, and for settling

part of the Estates of the said Dudley North, in the County of Suffolk, in lieu of, and in exchange for, the lame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller of Wef do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the BnrySt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the cleft- Edmund's ing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Wn,‘ Borough of Bury St. Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Frederick William vey, commonly called Lord Herveynow Earl of called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Staniforth reported from the Committee, to whom piker's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for F.ihteMl, effecting the sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate belong- ^4 ’ ing to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants, and to JohnIVray, Esquire, John Fea, Gentleman, and Molly Wray, his wife, in undivided thares, in Fee-fim-

ple, and for investing the Purchase-monies of the Infants shares in other real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fee-simple, in lieu of such shares, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Staniforth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vancouver's, establishing and confirming Exchanges made between John &c^Exch.ing Vancouver, Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Gunning, Vicar coniiaitted. of Suttouy in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand, Widow, and John Brandy Esquire, deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of SuttoHy in that County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Creevey,

Mr-Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, and Commits* proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow. To ino‘

iw.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third w,rct'^1 reading of the ingro/Ted Bill for permitting certain Bi:1,p '

Goods

ho

A:

b

Da

Do;

tja.

k:

non

titi;

A

T

R

cot I

i.\ tl Ft 1

C--

fci

He

t Ac:

Gri;

-•A:

Ik

r

43 Geo. III.

5° Augnflu

681

Goods imported into Great Britain to be fetured in ware-house without payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great

Wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to permit Spirits, made in and

imported directly from thence into Great Britain, to be landed and warehoused for Exportation without payment Britain to be secured in warehouse without payment of of Duty, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Duty. That the said Report be taken into further

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the con lid era t ion upon Tuesday next.

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill for Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Committee of the whole Hdutc, to whom the Bill for

Free Port Bill,; ing of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limit- granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds in ire

ed, an Act, made in the 42d year of the reign of His pre- for building Glcbe-houses in Ireland, was committed, rt'P<,ncJ'

sent Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Im- the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

portation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commo- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

Tortola

(Expiring

Law.)

2nd

:i

dities into the Port ot Tortola, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of ceriain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola;and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Stfion of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets Britain to contract for the purehale of the Duties of Prisage rePcrt-d-

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a iecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To* morrow.

the

Mr Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en

Bill respect-in^ Duties

a'~>Ie the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great '

Scotch Af-Hed Taxes

Consolidarion

into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrolL'd Bill for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties

and Butlerage of Wines, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

and then Question

the Amendments a second time,

were once read one by one; and.

throughout;

the

upon

under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

the said A els, so far as the part of Great Britain called Scotland,

for amending

u-j

Amfccrft's Annuity JJiH farted.

of Taxes, and lame relate to that be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britci>lcalled Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amkerjf, and the Kcprcfcntatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amberffm consideration of flie eminent services performed by him during his command in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be in-grolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hobhoifc, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 19th year

Bill to make perpetual As for prevent-

_ _ ing Person?

of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the going armed;

further punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, JiC-rePJltei' and to the relief of Officers of the Customs in Inlorma-tions upon Seizures, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in* grossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

*fMan

".lehoufin

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill respetting of the ingrossed Bill for the removing of doubts re-spedling the validity of Alignments made, or to be made, iioners i,nu« Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting un- American House. der the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- States of America; and for the better enabling of His Ma-grossed. ' jesty to recover the Interests so aligned, be now read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To- And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

morrow. The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the An Act for the removing of doubts respecting the vali- j

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to dity of Alignments made, or to be made, pursuant to the consider of permitting Spirits made in Ireland, and imported Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh directly from thence into Great Britain, to be landed and Article of the Treaty with the United States of America-, warehoused for Exportation without payment of Duty, the and for the better enabling of His Majesty to recover the n-r 1 ' ’’ ~ ‘ ’ ’ j: " Interests so aligned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr-

Resolution which the Committee had directed him to re port to the House; which he read in his place j and after-jjd.

V

Oh.

682

5° Augujli.

A. 1803.

ill respect-ig Military *rvice in ontlon, sported*

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the the Bill for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of t<rfc;tin20f

■. r.» i i t t r i i n 11 . T"* * Dili- T.' I i , C T7* I t>___! n •_____ Fooun

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empower His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual, " an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, ini' tituled, An Act to enable His more effectually to

" provide for the defence and of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Per Jons who may suffer <c in their properly by such measures as may be necessary for that

Foreign Bills of Exchange and of Foreign Promissory Notes, and Orders for the payment of Money, and for ts’ c* preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Preroga-*e tive in requiring the Military Service of His liege Sub-" jeds in case of Invasion of the Realm," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made

House; and he read the Report in his place; and after- to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

ehirn resetting Sa-ries, &c. of ublic Offi-ers, precited.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House,

A Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 22d of March 1803, for an Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the number and in the amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices for the year 1802, together with forty-two several Accounts referred to in the said Return. And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

'he Lords A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr.

a»e agreed to fQrd

I Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mi flake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out ofwarehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing His Majesty’s Sub-" jedts from trading to the Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging, and further securing, the " lawful trade thereto; ary.1 for further regulating the Pi-" lots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of as relates to

the said Pilots; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain cases; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

Appendix,

Xo. 85.)

till to re£tify Mistake in \tt respect-*ig Auc-i.oneers. h

kxcise Regu-ition Bill.

LcCCtpts

Outics Bill.

)over, &c. ilots Bill.

•ail01ns Relation Bill, 11 h Amend-tents.

O.iv appoint-(1 for confi-

'enng

Amendments, mmmittee on Plltopre-t jjt coun-

Ordered, that the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itiolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The ingrossed Bill for erecting a Light-house on the Bell Bill fortes, or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for amending the several Acts for erecting Lighthouses in the Bell Rock, Northern parts of Great Britain, so far as relates to the ex- Fffed-emption granted to Ships employed in the Northern Whale Fishery, or trading to Archangel, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for erecting a Light-house on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir William Pu/teney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- rep0rua. * pealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coach-* makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was dif-agreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Innkeepers at in Suffolk, was petition of

presented to the House, and read; letting, forth, That, notwithstanding the additional Allowance given to Inn- ° * keepers by an Act of the present Session, they are still suffering great Losses by the Soldiers billeted upon them; and praying for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition of the Persons confined for Debt in the cambn'd-e Castle of Cambridge: And also, ami London

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the ££. ' New Compter, Giltfpur-street, London-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

,1't

-rJ

0

k1

tun

n

r

A-'

hi

oii: c d.

w

‘ C’j

y-

C.'.r

r.]’;

:e!;i

u.\:

"‘11,

i: ‘ix Vi,.;,

•a

•Hi

-ih:

d;v

f,;.

J Hi

43 Geo. III*

5° Augusti.

6$3

r ‘v Consoliiiated

i'jp- fowl Bill,

j -V ':U pdnl.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain,

ing of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty certain sums of Money out of the rdpeftive Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for granting to His Majesty certain sums of Moriey out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hun-

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence*

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,-An Act for authorizing the billeting of such Troops of

dred and three, and for further appropriating the Supplies Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of

granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the Bill to the

Sugar Duties,

ic. Bill, reported.

: r

Mr . Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar, of the

manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Pr.

Pr.

1 Neutral Ships

[ KH,

Sported,

The said time, were.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, during hostilities, the Importation into Great Britain, in neutral Vessels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States net in amity with His Majesty, to the Amendments made by their Lordships. of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, was com-

assembling for the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland, and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as re-' ceive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

And the said Amendments were: read; and art as follow* eth; viz.

1. 36. After " Lieuteriancy," in the interlineation, insert " according to the Form! " in the Schedule to this Act annexed, " marked (A.)

1. 27. Leave out from " have," to " duly,’* in 1. 34.

1. ult. Leave out from " belongs," to " unless," in Preis 5. line xo, arid insert " if " Cavalry, twelve days; if Infantry,* " twenty-four days at the least, be-" tween the first day of January and the " last day of December in each year."

In Schedule (B.)

Pr. 18. 1. 10. Leave out from * Corps," to " of," in line 13. and insert " as required by " this Act."

Amendments being severally read a fecon upon the Question severally put thereupon,-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Lords Amendment to Ji i. inr re 111111:15 YuMimry anti Volunteer Corps* agreed to.

.n refca.

Trial

iKCanada, ;f*J.

certain Goods, Wares, and mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Qucfidon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for extending the Jurisdiction of the

The ingossed Bill to amend an Act, made i"n this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual, an Act, passed in this present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence andfe-" curity of the Realm during the present War, and for indetm-" nifying Persons who may fujfer in their property by such " fares as may be necessary for that purpose; and to enable " His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise " His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case ofln-" vafion of the Realm," was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That Serjeants instructing Volunteers, Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lozver and Upper Ca- shall be paid in the same manner as Serjeants appointed nada to the trial and punishment of Persons guilty of under the Act.

Bill to amend requiring Military Ser-: vice, passed.

crimes and offences out of the limits of the said Provinces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lozver and Upper Canada to the trial and' punishment of Persons guilty of crimes and offences within certain parts of North , adjoining

to the said Provinces,

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

, P Duties

?l0'Hation Palled.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill for consolidating the Duties Vol. 58.

on

And the said Clause was twice read, with a blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said blank with a certain Sum;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said-Clause. . .

The House accordingly' resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they

had

A. 1803

684-

5°—-6° A

liad gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, determined by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill byway of Ryder, That the provision in the Bill applicable to Quakers, shall also be applied to Unitarians.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting Masters and Mates of trading Vessels from Fines in certain cales.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way ot Ryder.

■ Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing Officers in the room of such as may be displaced.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the

Sabbali, 6° die Augujii;

' Anno 43* Georgii III*" Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

DJS OL VED, That this House will, at the riling of the House re. House this day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning ^[1Test'jj

/ Wednesday. ‘

Ordered, That the Order of the day,’for the third read- Bill for build, ing of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty the ing Glehe-lum of Fifty Thousand Pounds for building Glebe-houses in Ireland, be now read. passed. ’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'1 lie laid Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds for building Glebe-houses in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill respea.: ing of the ingrossed Bill to enabie the Commissioners of insDutlts»f His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to contrail for the win*,00 purchase of the Duties of Prilage and Butlerage of Wines, P^.’ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s 1 realury of Great Britain to contract for the purchase of the

£K

ill!

lo

fa-

far

c-

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Duties of Prilage and Butlerage of Wines.

A.:;

h

Ar.

made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, for authorizing -Lord Lieutenants to appoint Deputy Lieutenants to ait during their illness.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do Lords, and desire their concurrence.

carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to malts ing of the ingrossed Bill to make perpetual so much of an perpetual Ad Ait, made in the 19th year of the reign of King George the p^ons" Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed, going armed or disguised, and to the relief ot Officers of the *c’ p'"fel

c:

the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing, That all Volunteers Customs in Informations upon Seizures, be now read

shall take the Oath of Allegiance.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, - agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

2.

Pr.

O’

1. 2.

1. II.

1. 14.

1. 27.

]- '3-1. 7.

After " County" to insert " District." After " County" to insert " District." After " Corps" to insert " or Yolun-" teers aforesaid."

After " County" to insert " District." After " County" to inlevt " District." Alter " County" -to insert " District." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to. " amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the " present Session of Parliament, intituled. An <c His hlajej:y more effectually to provide for the defence and " security of the Realm during the present War, and for iiidem-" nifying Persons who max suffer in their property by such raca-" fares as may be nee rfare for that purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speetiily to exercise His " ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the " Military Service of ilis liege Subjects in case of invasion " of the Realm."

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcure their concurrence.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to make perpetual so much of an Ail, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. ’eevey reported from the Committee, to whom the Vancouver's, ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act foresta- &c^jtc‘‘ir'p blishing and confirming Exchanges made between Johi_ re-Hxtal, aai'..., Vancouver, Esquire, and the Reverend Jofgh Gunning, Wins of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Man Brand, Widow, V

and John Brand, Esquire, deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in that County, w’as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned j

had given their consent to the Bill, to the farisfatrion of the j

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Creevey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

•ie Lo'dt have

The other Order of the day being read;

\)\ for better Orderal% That the ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement,

tinning the of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning H is Majesty’s Navy, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Navy.

’titnxd.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ridley and Mr. T. Stratford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lwr.-.^ for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leom infer ■"' Canal to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal; and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for 10 granting

____J

r

43 Geo. III. 6" Aagufti:

68 5

granting to the said Company further and other powers; without any Amendment: And also, ffroxton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indotee Bill. for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Pre-cinds, of IVroxton and Balfco in the Parish of in

the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments., made by this HjSicesot House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render Justices of Pace Bill. tjje peace more safe in the execution of their Duty: And

also,

Aaeniments The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

wWynch'« this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of L!muiovj, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George Esquire, is

seised in Fee-simple, in lieu of, and Exchange for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Goner by and , in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Eft ate of the said ' George Wynch and Mary his Wife: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duly mil, for granting to Mis Majesty, until the sixth day of May w* Amend- next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

, lords The House proceeded to take into consideration the i np*jjnts Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill; t Duty Bill/ And the said Amendments were read; and are asfol-

to. Joweth; viz.

j Pr. 247. 1. 7. After " per" leave out " annum" and

I insert " centum."

| I. 13. After "per" leave out "annum" and

insert "centum."

* I.19. After "per" leave out " annum" and

insert " centum"

And it appearing by the Clause to which the said Amendments referred, that it was the intention of this House, that the word " centum" shoukl have been inserted in the Bill in those places, instead of the word " annum" and that the Amendments made by the Lords were only for the purpose of rectifying such mistake;

1 The said Amendments were severally read a second

2 time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

• were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to; the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

tiiiiopro. * Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for preventing the forging and Tfjn counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange and of Foreign ijay’.*"' Promissory Notes, and Orders for the payment of Money, :>■ and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper

Money, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the third time.

; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange and of Foreign Promissory 1 Notes, and Orders for the Payment of Money, and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

; . Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-

; ^‘’/.paired, *nS *be ingrafted Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, j and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read, t ’ And the said Order being read accordingly;

! | The said Bill was read the third time,

j Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

\v’\ An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the , better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy;

j for regulating the payment of Prize Money, and for making > provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admi-r ralty Courts in the Istand of and in the

■ Bahama Islands.

Vol. 58.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for settling and securing a certain Lord Am-Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives herd's An-of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in consideration of the pair'd. eminent services performed by him during his command in America, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him during his command in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to empower His Majesty’s Commis- Bill refn-a--sioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into M,lUa:>'

• * 1 r 1 /-'i* k rw , , . ' Service m

execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the pre- j.omkm, sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend Pa!l«d-" and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majestymore effectually to provide for the defence and fecu-

" rity of the Realm, during the present War, and "jfying Per font who may fnffer in their property by such mea-

" fares as may be neccfjhry for that purpose; and to enable " His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His " ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the " Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion " of the Realm," was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to: be made to the Bi,l; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 12. After " or" to insert " which may be given " and granted by."

Pr. 3. 1. 8. After " City" to inlert upon receiving " any precept or precepts from the said " Commissioners of Lieutenancy for " that purpose."

1. 10. After " (hall" to insert " and they are " hereby respectively required to." '

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questioti' severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,-An Act to empower His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more " effectually to provide for the defence and of the

" Realm, during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons " who may suffer in their property by such me fares as may bt " necessary for that purpose-, and to enable His Majesty more

" effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and un-" doubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of " His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm."

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Lords consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Amendments Bill, intituled, An Act for the further regulation of the Re^dation Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in Bill, certain cases. agreed to.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. Leave out from * Whereas" to the," in Pr. 2. 1. 7. '

Pr. 2. 1. 20. After " Enacted" insert by the King’s " Most Excellent Majesty, by and With " the advice and consent of the Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament " assembled, and by the Authority of " the fame."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

8 M ’

IV

686

6° Augltjii.

A. 1803,

at A s

mcndments Bill for ocuring fcturns relate to the >or, agreed

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord drips.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 33. Leave out " and, " and in the fame line, after " Places" inlert " or Divisions."

Pr. 14. 1. 9. Leave out " the Clerk of the Parliament"

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. After " Hostilities" to insert " and until " six months after the Ratification of a " Definitive Treaty of Peace."

And the said Amendment, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be An Act to permit, during the continuance of Hostilities, and until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in amity with His

& 10. and insert " His Majesty’s principal Se- Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and

\ffeffed Faxes Bill, jailed.

to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation in neutral Vessels, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some 1)'gtT Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Chsl,l,m" Smith, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

cretary of State."

In the Schedule,

Pr. 16. 1. 2. Leave out " on the Rack Rent."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments nude by their Lordships.

The ingrossed Bill for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties RThat an humble Address be presented to His Address for thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Ella'rmjn for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Henry way^nd selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, was, ac- Alexander, Esquire, for his services to this House, in the Mean*, cording to Order, read the third time. present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and An Act for repealing the several Duties under the ma- Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and to nagement of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Ma-Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the jesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Ma-Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed jesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under

the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such Cfo* by Auction, or on Commission.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry Lords, and desire their concurrence.

t

1

lilff

i & tttt iad Jon lfo jed tie

* 1

.Mai

ma

Hoi

lie'

pin

Hob

R

S5I»

’ C:i

cm

jam

•. lr

: IS ' fa#

istr :r v*

~At

h

i- Sugar Duties, 1; See. Bill, puffed.

1

a sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, the Bill to the Clerk Assistant of this House, for his services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said office, will amount to the clear sum of The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Two Thousand Pounds; and to allure His Majesty, that Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great this House will make good the fame.

Britain of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Ireland, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His D°forSecom and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct the^ Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufac- clear sum of One Thousand Pounds to be advanced to*A 1 '..

ture of Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Assistant of this third time. House, for his services to this House in the present Session; j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good,

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing the fame. ]

... t> r t, r- . Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His D°forDcput,

Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such Serjeant at a sum of Money to be issued to John Esquire, Arms‘

Deputy Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, for his services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said office, will amount to the clear sum of Five Hundred Pounds; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain, during the continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

\ Neutral Ships Bill, pjfffed.

5

i'

L

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to permit, during Hostilities, the Importation into Great Britain, in neutral Vessels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the end jourr.Jto, of the last Session of the last Parliament to the end of this 1 present Session, with an Index to the Fifty-eighth volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred copies of the in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and said Journal and Index be printed, by the appointment,;

to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States and under the direction, of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to

not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, the Clerk of this House.

and Merchandize, be now read. Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by

And the said Order being read accordingly; such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that

The laid Bill was read the third time. no other Person do presume to print the fame.

n Resolved,

r

43 Geo. III.

6—10*

687

General

Index.

AMrtfsfof Resolved, That an hurtfole Address be presented to His cwnpenktion Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the wMr.Do"^ j>unl One Xhoufand Pounds to be advanced to Mr.

Samuel Dunn (over and above the sums which he has already received) as a final Compensation for his pains, trouble, and expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the year 1790 to the year 1800, and in having superintended the printing thereof; ■and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced -to Arthur Benson, Esquire, Clerk of the Journals of this House, for defraying the Expence of making an Index to the Votes of this House of the present Session, and of -printing the fame; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His itttndanc*on Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such Compensation as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons in the present Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Enquiry, present ei.

pfornalang

Index to Vote*.

D»for

Committees.

The House being informed that Mr. Williams, Secretary Fifth Repw to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Naval House,

The Fifth Report of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irre-gularities. Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been " practised by Persons employed in the several Naval De-" partments therein mentioned* and in "the business of " Prize Agency, and to report such Observations as shall " occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds,

" and Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing " the business of the said Departments, and of Prize " Agency in future."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Ridley: The Lords Mr. Speaker, _ have agreed

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act House of E»for com* Tefolved, That an humble Address be presented to His for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Sixteen

piiinfRe- Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during His

f^sand sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to Majesty’s pleasure; without any Amendment: And also,

f Expiring shomes Edlyne Tomlins, Esquire, as a Compensation for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bilttoame.

le to

j!:.

ti!:'

lam.

a- 1

his trouble in compiling Remitters for the use of the Committee on Expired and Expiring Laws, appointed in the last Session of the last Parliament, and in the present Session; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

<c

Mercurii, 10° die

Anno 43® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1803.

to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia- Act requirir ment, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more " effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectuallyto provide for the defence and security the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons " who may suffer in their property by such as may be necessary for that purpose-, and to enable His Majesty " more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient " and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military * Service of His liege Subjects, in case of Invasion of the " Realmwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Exchequer enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury Biils Bil.1

c /^»__ n..!-. a. _ * /it _ a r?_1__ o*n .» v. d on credit

of Supplies

Statement relative 10 Redemption of

of Great Britain to iffuC Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch Affor consolidating certain of the provisions contained in ^onfollkti

Bill.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Fowler, from the

__ Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the door; w __

T«, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the manage presented. pursuatlt to t]ic directions of an Act of Parliament, ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and

A Statement of the Amount of the Expences incurred for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to for the payment of Salaries to the Commissioners Clerks that part of Great Britain called Scotland-, without any and Officers under the Acts for the Redemption of the Amendment: And also,

Land Tax, and for discharging the incidental Expences of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act stamp puti those Acts, from the 5th April 1802 (the period to which for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch- Consolidati the last Statement was made up) to the 5th April 1803, as ment, and Paper, in Great Britain-, without any Amend- BlU‘ far as the fame can be ascertained. ment: And also.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to rea

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session *Cotch Mi'

The said Account is preserved amongst the other of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in iitary Force Papers of this Session. Scotland, and for exempting Persons serving therein, either Aa-

personally or by Substitute, from being balloted to serve re- Mr. Markham, from the Lords Commissioners of the in the Militia of; without any Amendment:

Iftan Fortt Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to the direc- And also,

presented. tions of an Act of Parliament, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill re-

Copies of Reports to the Commissioners for executing for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada to the trial and' ofomiers of Great Britain and Ireland, of the state and condition of punishment of Persons guilty of crimes and offences within Canada.

the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, in pof-session of the Company of Merchants trading thither, made by Captain Benjamin Hallowell, Captain of His Majesty’s ship Argo.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Vot.

certain parts of North America, adjoining to the said Provinces; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill respect for the removing of doubts respecting the validity of Awards oi Assignments made, or to be made, pursuant to the Awards fionerTui* of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of American the Treaty with the United States of America, and for the Treaty. The said Papers are preserved amongst the other better enabling of His Majesty to recover the Interpfts so Papers of this Session. assigned; without any Amendment: And also, j

58.. The

688

iO° August.

A. 1803.

Frtrehouhng

Bill.

or; oh Free ort Bill. (Expiring Law.)

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for <c the Parish of Saint John at Hfiicbley> In the County of permitting certain Goods, imported into Great Britain, to " Middlesex, and for building another Church and lower be secured in warehouse without payment of Duty; with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-

for the use of the said Pari 111, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church-yard; and for raising a further sum of money for completing the said Church and other works;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill re-

;111 to pre-ent counter-jititig of Foreign *otes, &c.

JiH'resptcting /lilitary ervice in ,ondon.

fecund year of the reign of His present Majesty, for to repeal an Act, paised in the last Session of Parliament, enab!ingHis Majesty to permit the Importation and Expor- for establishing Regulations reflecting Aliens arriving in Amend-' tation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port ' ,r ' "r ' A ' ' n

of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, menu, until three months after the Katification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rcliding therein, in certain cases; with some Amendmentsi to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southwark

for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, p®v/n|Bill’ an Act, puffed in tae twenty-sixth year of the reign of "

His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and

preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public passages and

of Exchange and of Foreign Promissory Notes, and Orders for the payment of Mone), and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to ihe Bill, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual " an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, in-" tituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to " provide for the defence and security of the Realm during " the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may " suffer in their property by such as may be necessary for that purpose; and to enable His Majesty more f* effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and un-" doubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service " of His liege Subjects, in case of invasion of the Realm}" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Billrespecting

Exemptions for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Sub-

inder English -• 1 -

Military ?orce Act.

places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Wine heft er's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; with

some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House vote House be given to the several Volunteer and Yeomanry their Thank* Corps of the United Kingdom, for the promptitude and and Ywnmr? zeal with which, at a crilis the moil momentous to their Corps. Country, they have associated for its defence.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Return be prepared, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of all Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps whole Services shall have been then accepted by His Majesty, describing each Corps, in order that such Return maybe entered on the Journals of this House, and the patriotic example of such voluntary exertions transmitted to posterity.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolution, and Order, by Letter, to His Majesty’s Lieutenant of each County, Riding, and place, in Great Britain, and

stitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of. England; without any to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant oi-Ireland. Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

■petition of A Petition of the Admirals and Captains of His Ma-\dmirah,&c. jefey’s Fleet was presented to the House, and read } letting ■’rueCaufcs. That the Petitioners have observed, with much

pleasure, the Powers with which the Commissioners for r Naval Enquiry are veiled, to examine into the conduct of

the Agents appointed for Captures made by the Navy ' during the last War} and that the Petitioners, relying on the countenance and support which they have ever experienced from the House, prelume to request that they will i be pleased to extend the Powers of the said Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, by directing them to investigate the Manner in which Prize causes have hitherto been con-, dufted both at home and abroad, in order that they may

be enabled to recommend such alterations as may appear to them advisable to be adopted for the interest of the British Navy; for which purpose they further request, that , the said Commissioners may be authorized to call for the

1 production of all papers and documents appertaining

, thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

P

S'

K he Lords *• ve agreed to

*, lUo prevent ‘. uuds by j1 akers of i alt in | otland.

L ickney . lurch Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds, by Makers of Malt, from Bear or by the Governor General to obtain posseflfion of the -

c:— o i .. i —■•■-1—k A-----1---*■ - A —' ■-1'~ in April 1798, and in 1798 and 1799, alluded to in

the sixth paragraph of the Governor General’s Letter to the Court of Directors, dated the zift October 1801: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Orders from the Governor General w _ to Lord dated 7th April 1800, alluded to in the

for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to eleventh paragraph of the fame Letter; together with.

Letters,

Bigg, in Scotland-,without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging some of the provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed " in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty,

U

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Papers,«• Directors of the Eel I India Company, attended at the door; ka,e to the

- J r i . Cirnatic.*

he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the pulsated. House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Instructions from the Governor General in Council to the Governor of Fort Saint George, dated the 26th March 1800} together with all Minutes,

Letters, or Proceedings, which gave rife to the said Instructions, or arose out of them, or have relation to them} Contained in volume first of the accompanying Papers regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Governor General’s Letter to the Nabob Omdut nlOmrah, dated the 24th April 1799; together with all Minutes, Letters, or Proceedings, of the Governor General in Council, or the Governor of Fort Saint George, which gave rife to the said Letter, or arose thereout, or have relation to it: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Declaration transmitted by the Governor General to the Governor of Fort Saint George, no* ticed in the 18th paragraph of Lord Clive's Letter to the Governor General, dated 27th July;

Contained in volume first of the accompanying Papers regarding the Affairs of th And also;

N° 4. Copies of Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor General and the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, as have relation to the attempts made

b

ta

'f

the

ottl

k

h

rent

fat

prop

ltd

N

citl

frit

N‘

m

let

ill

m

ipt

Killi

Nibj

r.

vlCT

d l;

U.i

for

h

-- u M;,r,

tirr

V

fc

tos

r~

S; V,

h.-

: '4- <-

a

a

i-

,(■

j

C

43 Geo. III.

10" —11* Augufil

689

Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor General or Governor of Fort Saint George, which have relation thereto;

Contained in volume first of the accompanying Papers regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also, N* 6 and 7. Copies of Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Governor in Council of Saint George, as have any relation to the Nabob of the Carnatic, from the year 1798 until the latest period: And also,

N° 8. Copies of Letters, Minutes, and Proceedings, of the Court of Directors, as have any relation to the Nabob of the Carnatic, from the year 1794 until the latest period: And also,

N° 9. Copy of the Correspondence between the Government of Fort Saint George and the Court of Directors, from the year 1771 to the year 1774, on the subject of a proposed Negociation between the Nabob of the Carnatic and Hyder: And also,

N° 10. Copy of the Correspondence between the Nabob of the Carnatic and the Government of Fort Saint George, during the fame period, on the fame subject: And also, N® it. Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General of Bengal and the Government of Saint George and the Court of Directors, from the month of May 1799, regarding Letters and Papers found at ringapatam , and objected, to their Highnesses Mahomed Atiy and Omdutul Omrah, as a breach of Treaty, and re-

garding every other matter relative to the Carnatic and the Government thereof, and to their Highnesses the Nabobs before-mentioned;

Contained in the accompanying four volumes regarding the Affairs of the: And also,

N° 12. Copies of the Orders and Instructions of the Court of Directors to the Governor General of Bengal and the Government of Madras, from the year 1794 to August 1 So 1, regarding measures to be pursued in order to obtain possession of the Carnatic, and respecting the Government of the Carnatic and its Dependencies, and regarding the Nabob thereof: And also,

N"i3. Copies of Letters addressed and received from Tippoo by the Nabobs Mahomed Ali and Omdut from the commencement of the year 1792, as sent to the Government of Fort Saint George by their Highnesses in their respective life-times: And also,

N° 14. Copy of the Treaty between Fippoo Sultan and the Company, executed in 1792: And also,

N® 15 and 16. Copies of Correspondence with the Nabob Omdut vl Omrah, regarding the payment of his Kills, from the years 1798 to x8oi, including the information required in the 16th Order;

The Papers required by the 17th Order are contained in those already presented to, and printed by, the House of Commons, folios 9, See. and 65: And also, N° 18. Copy of the Instructions, and the Arrangement lent by the Governor General to the Governor of Madras, as mentioned in the Letter of the Governor General to the Nabob of Arcot, dated 28th May 1801;

Contained in volume first, regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also,

N° 19. A Copy of the Demands made by the Governor of Madras, " of an adequate Security for the British inte-" tests in the Carnatic of Fage ul Omrah' as mentioned in the letter of the Government of Madras to the Governor General, dated 31ft July 1801.

Contained in folio 8, &c. of the Papers already presented to, and printed by, the House of Commons: And also,

N* 23. Copy of the " Improvements of the Governor " General" in the Treaty with Azeem ul Dovetail, as mentioned in the 6th paragraph of the Secret Letter from Fort Saint George, dated ill October 1801.

Vide Letter from Bengal to Madras, dated 18th August 1801; Memorandum of proposed Alterations, and the Treaty, as modified by the Governor General in Council, all contained in volume first, regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also,

N° 24. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, from the period of Mr. s

return from Bengal, with the Instructions and Directions of the Governor General relative to the Carnatic, to the 15th July 1801, and the Minutes of the individual Members of Council relative thereto;

Contained in the Papers already printed by the House of Commons and in volume first, regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also,

N* 25. Information submitted to the Honourable House of Commons, in obedience to their Orders of 16th December 1802, flaring Reasons why they have not been fully complied with.

Together with a List of the said Papers; and then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.'

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 11° di AvguJH;

Anfto, 43® Georgii IIItU Regis, 180

O’

Prayers.

N®

20. A Copy of the Correspondence between the

Princes and Princefies of the Families of Mahomed Ali and Omdut ul Omrak, and the Governor General and the Governor and Government of Madras, from the 31ft July l2oi, to the latest possible period:

Contained in volume second, regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also.

N®

2t. A Copy of the Correspondence between the

Governor General, the Governor of Fort Saint George, and Court of Directors, on the subject of the Death of Tage Omrah, the Son and Successor of Omdut ul Omrah: Contained in volume second, regarding the Affairs of the Carnatic: And also,

Vol. 58.

AMES SAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the R0p) A/r,nt Black Rod: to Bills. ]

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Afri, J

agreed upon by both Houses. do desire the immediate at-

tendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of -;

land. His Royal Highnets the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lond Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of Chesterfield, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Corn-million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Af-, sent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property,

Professions, Trades, and Offices:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Five hun-

8 N Cn,r\n\p dKd

690 ' 11° Augusti. ' . -4.. J8QS.

cl red thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the icrvice of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Sixteen! housand Pounds on the House of Orange, during I lis Majesty’s pleasure:

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quafiia imported into Great Britain:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the lerviceof Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three:

An Act for consolidating the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain:

An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers:

An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain cases:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee:

An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Bear or Bigg in Scotland:

An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual air Act, passed in the present Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty " more effectually to provide for the defence and feairity of <c the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying tc Persons who may suffer in their property by such tnea-" sures as may be necessary for that purpose and to enable " His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise " llis ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring " the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm

An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from - being balloted to serve in the Militia of England:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for railing an additional Military Force in Scotland, and for exempting Persons serving * therein, either personally or by Substitute, from being balloted to serve in the Militia of Scotland:

An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Loiver and Upper Canada to the trial and punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain parts of North America, adjoining to the said Provinces:

An Act for the removing of doubts respecting the validity of Assignments made, or to be made, pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America, and for the better enabling of His Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned:

An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in warehouse without payment of Duty: -

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made the

sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain:

An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange and of Foreign Promissory Notes, and Orders for the payment of Money, and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money:

An Act for the relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities:

An Act for authorizing the Billeting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may ‘be desirous of assembling ior the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland, and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle-men, serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of such Yfoomanry and Volunteer Corps:

An Act to enable the Judges of His MajestyVCourts of Record at Westminster to award writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned:

An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the execution of their Duty:

An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England:

An Act to make provision, in certain cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, ierving in the Militia of Ireland:

An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and places in Ireland, more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors, respectively:

An Act to empower His Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into execution, within the said City, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty (i more effectually to provide for the defence and security <c of the Realm during the present PVar, and for indemni-" fying Persons who may suffer in their property by such " meafares as may be necessary for that purpose;. and to " enable His Majesty more effectually and. speedily, to cx-" ercile I lis ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requir-iC ing the ‘Military Service of His iiegq 3ubjects in case of " Invasion of the realm :T> .... ‘

An Act to enable the Court of; Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the service. of the said Company, on Account of the extraordinary Expence attending the- Outfit of the said Ships, between certain periods:

An Act to suspend, until the first day of July one thou-■ land eight hundred and four, proceedings in Actions, Pro-lecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts, relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said.Manufacture:

An Act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Matters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and persons employed by such Weavers; and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the needle:

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol: , '

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, u An Act for the further preventing His <c Majesty’s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under " Foreign Commissions and for encouraging, and further <c securing, the UuvfulTrade thereto; and for further regu-" lating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thane! f, as relates to the said Pilots-:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raile Money to discharge their Debts, i ' and

43 Geo. III. 11 ° At/gtiji. '691

and to complete the CanaT, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal; and for granting to the said Company farther and other

Powers:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restrictions, in the City of Glcfgozv.

An Act for altering, and enlarging, some of the provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down the Church " and lower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at " Hackney, in the County of and for building

" another Church and Tower lor the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church-" yardj and for raising a further sum of Money for com-" pleting the said Church and other Works

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange between the Right honourable Hugh Seymour de-

ceas'd, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John G'.'Jjmish, PP'illiam Horn, Betty Gay, John FoJJer, Francis

Fetter, anil George Fofier, discharged as to the Lands con-veved to the use of the said Lord High Seymour, in exchange of all the limitations and Estates created by the will of Thomas Land, Gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Eufion, the Right honourable George commonly calied Lord George Seymour, and Thomas Smith, Esquire, their Heirs, and Assigns, upon the trulls declared thereof by a certain Indenture of RelcaSe, all the pieces or parcels of Land, and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to, and to the use of, tire said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said Exchange:

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates

o g

Jate of John Aldridge, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sussex, to carry into execution a ContraCl entered into with Charies George Beauclerk, Esquire, for the tale of part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Trustees of the Charity of Sir Knight, and Henry Marten, Esquire, for Lands belonging to Rate tied Love Jen Love den, Esquiret An Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof

George IVynch, Esquire, is feiled in Fee-simple, in lieu of, and exchange for, a certain Farm and Lands at Great Gonerby and Manlhorpe, in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said George IVynch and Mary his wife:

An Act for effecting the Sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants, and to John PVray , Esquire, John Fea, Gentleman, and Molly PVray his wife, in undivided tharcs, in Fce-simple, and for inverting the Purchase-monies of the Infants shares in other real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants, in Fee-simple, in lieu of such shares:

An Act for vesting in the Honourable PViiliam Gordon, Assignee of Dudley North, Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly, in the County of with part

of the fixtures and furniture lettled therewith, by a codicil to the Will of Elizabeth Cavendish, widow, and for settling part of the Estates of the said Dudley North, in the County of Suffolk, in lieu of, and in exchange for, the fame:

An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges made between John Vancouver, Esquire, and the Reverend Gunning, Vicar of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand, widow, and John Brand, Esquire, deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in that County:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester: . ..

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory-Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the YVeft Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of PVroxton and Balfcot, in the Parish of PV-'oxton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Chedreorth and Compton A bdale, in the County of Gloucester: Vo i, 58.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fenditton, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for incioling Lands in Northnewton, otherwise Northnewington, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of PVorplefdon and PP'anborow, and in the Manor of in the

Parishes of Ash and Puitenham, in the County of Surrey.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Answersta their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be AddretTes. graciously pleated to confer some dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Smith, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Smith, as is desired.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, That their several other Addresses of Saturday last, had been pre-, fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint tins House, that He will give directions as desired by the said Addresses.

A Petition of the Debtors in the Cattle of York: And York, King

also, Bench, and

A Petition of the Debtors in the Kings Bench: And compeer also,

A Petition of the Debtors in the Poultry Compter;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress; and praying relief.

And the said Petitions were Ieverally ordered to lie upon the Table,

Debtors

Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Athene Clerk of the Crown, in Ireland, to make out a new writ for Writ-the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of At /done, in the County of tneath, in the room of the Right honourable Pidlliam Hand-cock, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Escheator of Munster. \

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Bristol writ! Clerk of the Crown, to make out-a new writ for the electing of a Citizen, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the City of Bi ifiol, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Bragge, who, since his election for the said City, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s I

three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Ronen-ham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Cimbrid«-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elect- flli,e writ, ing of a Knight of the Shire, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the County o i Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Yorke, who, since his election for the said County, hath accepted the office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Eafi Hendred, in the County of Berks. \

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the HacMmrttJ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the elect- writ. ! ing of a Commissioner, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar,

North Berwick, and Lauder, in the room of the Honourable

Thomas Maitland, who, since his election for the said Dil-

trict of Burghs, hath accepted the office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a salary annexed i

thereto.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, AmendmeiJ An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Par- to Xil11 liament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens ar- "Alien"6 1 riving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for efta- o.

blishing, until three months after the ratification of a i

Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cases.

, And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr.

692

11" Augujli.

A. 1803.

Pr. 34» 1. 2. After " situate M insert " and also to the Order, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Whitchm* " Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new writ for the Wr‘t*

" the said Parish, Township, or Place electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for

" m England, and to the School-" mailer of the said Parish or Place in " Scotland

1.24. After " Constable " insert " Overseer, or " School matter."

Pr. 43. 1. 38.7 Leave out " indictment " and insert " in-& 39.5 " formation to be."

And it appearing from the next Clause in the Bill, that it was the intention of this House, that the words contained in the two first of the said Amendments, should have been inserted in this part of the Bill; and that the said Amendments were only to rectify such omilfion;

The laid Amendments were severally read a second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Uccouat of Arrears and balances of ^ublic

Accountant* vithdrawn, nd others >rdered.

Lists of Public Ac-:ountants,&r. >refei\ted.

the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable William Brodrick, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord*

Stratford: hare agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ConfoRited for granting to His Majesty certain sums of Money out of Fttnd Bl11' the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath And also,

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for

for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Thousand Notice being taken, That the Account of the Arrears and Pounds, for building Glebe-houses in Ireland; without in wind!* Balances due from Public Accountants on the 5th day of any Amendment: And also,

January 1803, which was presented to the House upon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lord the 25th day of March last, was not properly prepared; for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amhtr*’’.

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord AnQUIty^ be discharged. Amherst, in consideration of the eminent services per-

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and formed by him during his command in America; without proper Accounts presented inllead thereof. any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for AfliflH repealing the several Duties under the management of the Taxes Bill, Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Ex-cife on Licences, and on Carriages coallruded by Coach-makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the ma-

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Lift of Officers and Departments whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; And also.

Lift of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested on nagement of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, account for Extraordinary Services: And also, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction,

A Lift of Accounts delivered over by the late Auditors or on Commission; without any Amendment: And also,

of the Imprells in July 1785, or since received into the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for sugar Dutl* y

Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Ac- granting to His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on te-BiJl. counts, which have neither been audited. Hated, or de- the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar, of the dared; distinguishing those which are under examination manufacture of and for allowing additional Draw-

from those on which no proceeding has been had; speci- backs or Bounties on the exportation to Ireland of refined fying the names and services of the Accountants; the time Sugar, of the manufacture of Great Britain, during the when their Accounts were delivered in; the Amount of the continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Ac- first day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, a counts; the Balances thereon; as delivered in; and the Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from

money paid into the Exchequer subsequent to the deli- the Island of Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador, into

very of the Account completed to $th January 1803: And Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment: also, And also,

A Liftof the Accounts deliveredover by the late Audi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill re-tors of the Imprells in July 1785, or since received into to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Great Britain to contract for the purchase of the Duties of prison Accounts, which have been either Hated or declared, so Prisage and Butlerage of Wines; without any Amend- vv‘nei-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for tow

hi

tore

h A:

far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any such Account; specifying the names and services of the Accountants; the time of their respective Accounts being delivered in; the total amount of the

for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy; for regu-

Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Ac- lating the payment of Prize Money; and for making procounts, and the Balances thereon, as delivered in; the mo- vision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty nies paid upon each Account previous to the fame being Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Hated to the Treasury, and she time when they were feve- Bahama Islands; without any Amendment: And also.

ally Hated—Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and Hated; the monies paid between the Hating and declaration of such Accounts; the time when they were declared; the Balances due upon such Accounts as have been declared; the monies paid to the Public since the declaration thereof; and the amount of such Balances as are Hill unpaid; so far as the fame can be ascertained from the books in the said Office, or those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, completed to 5th January 1803.,

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be printed for the Members

of the House.

Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nwtra] 9hip< to permit, during the continuance of Hostilities, and until six months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and in

neutral Vessels, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; without any

:k

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Biiit?, S :'1 __ . , to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nine- Ktvwtm ,'j

I he laid Lifts are preferred araongst the other Papers teenth year of the reign of King George the Second, as re- Pwfon-'s^ .' d of this Session. lates to the further punishment of Persons going armed or J 'L

4 disguised

:ict,

'it.

43 Geo. III.

11 °— 12° A iiguflL

693

jjcafler Paving, he.

Dill.

1

diiWifed, and to the relief of Officers of the Customs in Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the purchase of Informations upon Seizures; without any Amendment: the Duties of Prilage and Butlerage of Wines:

And also, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy; for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the fourth year for regulating the Payment of Prize-money; and for making of the reimi of His present Majesty, as relates to the light- provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Adrni--ing the streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of raky Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda Done after, in the County of York, and for more effectually ')n^ TfUnrlc

v,.

is-for

rtSmga Id l -hthouse

Keck, with

ffiCIlii.

Motion for A'crtls rc-fe:-iag the Kdc a h\M,

: tNc£')

lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland; with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

and Bahama Islands:

An Act to permit, during the continuance of Hostilities, and until six months atter the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Vc fills, from States in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Cooper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vefills, from States not in amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize:

An Act to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly as relates to the further punishment of Persons going armed requesting, that He will be graciously pleated to direct, that or diiguised; and to the relief of Officers of the Customs there be laid before this llouil* such Information as has in Informations upon Seizures:

been received respecting ti'.e late rebellious outrages in An Act to repeal'an Act, parted, in the last Session of Ireland, and the present state of that part of the United Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens

:is

Kingdom;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock onThurfday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

t iS

v£‘-

tovil A font Mills.

'■A

1-

o-

iT

ii

% f

til

* i

a i

H

Tl* '

jc 1

i3

!f, '

jf

K

of*

‘i

Veneris, 12°

Anno 43° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir

Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the A flairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain calls therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excite on Licences, and 0:1 Carriages constructed by Coach makers, ant! granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Fifty Tlioufand Pounds, for building Glebe-houses in Ireland:

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst , and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in consideration of the eminent fer-

vices performed by him during his command in America:

arriving in tins Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until three months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or lefiding therein, in certain cases:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the streets and places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improvir.tr, the said Borough, and for preventing nuisances therein.

After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am at length enabled, by the state of public business, to release you from your long and laborious attendance in Parliament.

In closing the Session, I have the utmost satisfaction in expressing the strong lense which I entertain of that zealous and unwearied regard for the welfare and honour of your Country which has distinguished all your proceedings.

During the continuance of Peace, your conduct manifested the just view which you had taken of our actual situation, and of the dangers against which you were peculiarly called upon to provide; and since the recurrence of Hostilities, you have displayed an energy and promptitude which have never been iurpalied, in the means which you have supplied for the Defence of the Country, and for the vigorous prosecution of the War.

Your proceedings, in consequence of the late treasonable and atrocious occurrences in Ireland, will, I taift, have the eftlft of preventing any further interruption of its internal tranquillity; and of convincing My loyal Subjects in that part of the United Kingdom, that they may confidently rely on that protection to which they are so justly entitled.

In the midst of the deliberations, which were oqcafioned by the immediate exigency of the times, you have not been unmindful of other objects, to which I had directed your attention; and I have great satisfaction in observing that you have completed a system for consolidating the Duties, and regulating the collection and management of the several branches of the Revenue; and that you have

a a or x tj* tv r a ... icvciai uiaiiuiic^ ui uic jLvevcnuc, ;uiu iimi vou nave

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain counter-. i . i r , , , , . A,

ln;i* p. . o . p . •*'. > , d •, c adopted measures which are calculated to afford material

vailing Duties on the importation into Great Britain of re- 1 > . .. + c r*

i r o. cr i j ac n accommodation to the mercantile part of the Community,

fined £>ugar, of the manula&ure oi Ireland, and for allow- _A . _ i «. j «. 1 ,>, )9

ing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation "" Nav, gatK>n and Co">-

to Inland of refined Sugar, of the manufacture of Cm,/ merCC rfM7 Dc>,n‘n,0ns-

Britain, during the continuance of certain Acts; and for Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

allowing, until the first day of May one thousand eight I return you My particular thanks for the liberality and

hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon readiness with which you have granted the Supplies for the

and Cod-fish from the island ol Newfoundland and the public Service.

Coast ot Labrador, into Great Britain and Ireland: It is painful for Me to reflect, that the means of necef-

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s fary exertion cannot be provided without a heavy Dressure Vojl. 58. , 8 O

upon

.is Majesty' Speech*

A. 1803

694 12° A ug ufti.—^6°0c tobris.—3°

upon my faithful People: But I cannot sufficiently applaud that wisdom and fortitude which have led you to overlook considerations of temporary convenience, for the purpose of preventing a large accumulation of Debt during the continuance of the War. You may be allured that there shall be as drift an attention to economy on My part as may be confident with those preparations and exertions which will be bed calculated to frudrate the designs, and to weaken the power, of the Enemy; by whose arrogant pretentions, and redless ambition alone, these lacrifices have been rendered unavoidable.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am fully persuaded that, during the ceflfation of your Parliamentary duties, you will continue to be actuated' by the fame spirit which has been uniformly dilplayed in your Councils. It will be your duty to afiid in carrying into eiil ft those important measures which your wisdom has matured for the defence and security of the Realm; and particularly to give the mod beneficial direction to that ardour and entiiufiasm in the cause of their Country which animate all dalles of My People.

Justly sensible of the date of pre-eminence in which it has pleated the Almighty to support us for so many ages arnongd the Nations of Europe, I rely with confidence that, under the continuance of His Divine Protection, the exertions of My brave and loyal Subjects will prove to the Enemy, and to the World, that an attempt to subvert the Independence, or impair the Power, of this United Kingdom, will terminate in thedifgraceand ruin of those by whom it maybe made; and that My People will find an ample reward for all their lacrifices, in an undidurbed enjoyment of that Freedom and Security, which, by their Patriot ism and Valour, they will have preserved and inlurcd to themselves and their Poderity.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal will and pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday, the 6th day of October next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thurlclay the 6th day of October next.

Jov is,6° die

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1803.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Mullage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Qttarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afiidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, lor the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 3d day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 3d day of November next.

Jovis, 3° die Novembris;

Anno 440 Georgii I1IU‘ Regis, 1803.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by x\ir. Qttarme, Yeoman Liber of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afiidant, went up to the I louse of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 2ad day of this intlant November; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 22d day of this indant November.

695

APPENDIX.

696

r

43 Geo. III.

697

APPENDIX

TO THE

FIFTY-EIGHTH VOLUME:

Sess. 1802-3;

appendix.

(No. i.)

29° Novem 1802.

(No. 2.)

290 Novemb

(No. 3.)

i° Lerembris.

LIST of the APPENDIX.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 4. intituled, t( An Act to enable the " Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to JlTue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have (i been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1801outstanding, and unprovided for -

An ACCOUNT of all Bounties paid on the Importation of Corn and Rice, in the Years ending the 10th of October 1801 and 1802 respectiveJyj distinguishing each Quarter -

| ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom 5 from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, at Ceylon, and in New South Wales; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days - ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United Kingdom; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces, in the United Kingdom; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments therein-mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Forces, while on a March in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days - -- --.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines; from 25th December 1802 to the 24-th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMA TE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of The States General; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 36$ Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, in the United Kingdom; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Departments, in the United Kingdom, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, beitig 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty’s Forces in Ireland, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive ——

Vol. 58.

8 P

PAGE.

709.

ibid.

ibid.

711.

ibid.

7IZ.

7*3-

714.

7l5-

ibid

ibid.

716. ibid, ibid, ibid.

717.

ibid.

718.

ibid.

('08 List of Appendix. A. 180&-S.

APPENDIX. 1

(No. 4.)

i° T)ecembris.

(No. 5.)

30 Decembr

(No. 6.)

6° Decembris.

(No. 7.)

6" Decembris.

(No. 8.)

70 Decembris.

(No. 9.)

7° Decembris.

(No. 10.)

7° Decembris.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 42 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum " of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the " Year One thousand Eight hundred and Threeoutstanding and unprovided for - - ----- PAGE. 718.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Great Britain, for the Year 1803; also of the said Charge in Ireland, ibid.

for the said Year; Land Service -

ABSTRACT of the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Northern Lighthouses - - - - 721'

An ACCOUNT of all Bounties on Corn and Rice imported into Scotland j from ift January 1801 to 5th July 1802, being the

latest Period to which the fame can be made up - -- -- - ----- ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes, for the Years ending the 10th October 1801 and 1S02 respectively j

diiiinguishing each Quarter - -- -- -- -- -- 722.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1833 - -- -- CO

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above w hat are proposed to be done upon the Heads of ibid.

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1803 -

An ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transports, between the ift January and

31ft December 1803 - 731*

ESTIMATE of w hat Money may probably be wranted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for Thirteen Lunar Months, commencing the ift of January 1803 ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, between ift January and 31ft

December 1803 ----- 732-

A LIST of Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by

Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary Expendi- md.

ture of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament - -- -- - ■1 i — —

(No. 11.) 10° Decembris. An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which may become due in the course of the Year 1803 ----- An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Con vifts at Home, for the Year 1803 - -- An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Coriican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1803 -

(No. 12.) 14° Decembris. An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament ——

(No. 13.) 150 Decembris. The SECOND REPORT of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, in obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 34th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Management of the Land " Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-Farm and other unimproveable Rents ’*

(No. 14.) *140 Decembris. An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Flax and Flaxen Yarn imparted into Great Britain, in the Ten Years ending the 5th January 1802 j distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported ——

(No. i5.) 30 Februariiy 1803. -IRELAND- ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin, for One Year, from 5th January 1S03 to 5^ January 1804 -ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January

- ESTIMATE of the Expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, to 5th January 1804 - ESTIMATE of the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceedings, in Ireland, for One Year, to 5th January 1804 - ESTIMATE of the Expence of publishing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, in Ireland, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing and binding 250 Copies of the Acts of the Third Session of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland An ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c.; and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices} for One Year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804 - ESTIMATE of the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents, for One Year, to 5th January 1804 ----- ESTIMATE of the Expence of building Law Offices in Ireland, in the Year ending 5th January 1S04 ESTIMATE of the probable Expenditure at His Majesty's Gold Mine at Croaghan, in the County of Wicklow, Ireland, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804 ’ ESTIMATE

ibid.

ibid.

733*

ibid.

ibid.

778.

ibid.

ibid. 779-

ib'uL ibid• ibid.

7S0.

ibid.

7%/.

Goog:

699

a l.r 43 Geo . III. List of Appendix. 699

G£. APPENDIX 1 -IRELAN D— PAGE.

(No. 15.) I IMATK of the Expence of printing 1,500 Copies of an Index to the Acts of the 39th and 40th Geo. III. being the Two last Se.'iions of the Parliament of Ireland 781.

iS. 2° F i continued. ESTIMATE of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, of Ireland, for promoting and encourag-

j ing the lai.i A Ian ufa&u res, for One Year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804 - -- - ibid.

r - ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January 1803 to 5th \

January 1804 - - - -- -- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble, ibid.

'll in the Year 1803 - -- -- -- *

(No. 16.) The ANNUAL ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for a Year, ending on the 31ft January 782.

- >j, 4° Februarii. 1803 -

l (No. 17.) 4* Feb REPORT of Aaron Graham, Esquire, Inspector of Convicts in the River Thames, and at Portsmouth ----- 790.

(No. 18.) —IRELAN D—

4* Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland, under the Direction of the Incorporated Society, See. for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- - 791-

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- -- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Txpence of the Society for discountcnancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the Christian Religion, in Ireland; for One Year, to 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- - 792.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - ibid.

j‘-‘ j ESTIM ATE of the Expence of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin, for Employment of Persons sentenced to Transiportation, and young Criminals convi<5fed in a summary Way before Justices of the Peace; for One Year, ending 5th

January 1804 ----- - ibid.

.. , 1 .; j, ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - 793*

1 ESTIMATE of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of supposed Expences of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 ESTIMATE of the Expences of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 ibid. 794.

1 ESTIMATE of the Expence for the Maintainance of the Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- -- -- ibid.

i ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry, Dublin, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804 ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Establishment of the Roman Catholic Seminary, at Maynooth, for One Year, ending 5th January 795-

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- -- -- 796.

— ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1804 - -- -- -- - ibid,

i ESTIMATE of the Dublin Society, for the Year 1803 - -- -- -- -- -ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th January 1804 - ibid. 797‘

(No. 19.) 7* Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Bank of England in Circulation on the ill of June, the ill of August, the ill of October, and the ill of December 1802, and the id of February 1803; distinguishing the Amount of those that are below the Value of Five Pounds ibid.

■i. (No. 20.) 7° Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.5,922,978. igs. lid. in One Year, from the 3d February 1802 to the 31ft January 1803, by the Commissioners appointed by 26 Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt - 798.

' (No. 21.) ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into and all Exports from Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January

24* M 1803; dillinguiOiing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China from the Value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles

exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, in the Year ending 5th January 1803 - -- -- -- 800.

5° -dpi i/is. ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending January 5th 1803, exclusive of Corn and

i other Grain, and exclusive of Importations from the East Indies and China; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported, for as many Years of the same Period as such an Account can be made up- - ----- 801,

25* M ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several ibid.

/> *1° Martii. Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1803, as far as the fame can be prepared -

ACCOUNT of the Number and Tonnage of Vessels built and registered in Great Britain, in the Three Years ending 5th January

"5° Martii. 1793, *n ^1C Three Years ending 5th January 1802, and in the lad Year; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Ports of London, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgow, and Leith - -- -- 802.

n, ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed

9’ Februarii. in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September 1802; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, and the West Indies; as far as the lame can be prepared ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, together with the Number of Men and Boys employed

in navigating the lame, which were employed either in the Transport Service or as Armed Ships, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing each Year itbi

V°L. ACCOUNT ^8.

700 List of Appendix. A. 1803.

APPENDIX (No. 21.) continued, 2j° Mar til, ii° Martii. , ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1803; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies , - - - - 1 - ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in Great Britain, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1793, in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1802, and in the last Year; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishitig the Ports of London, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgovv, and Leith - -- -- -- - - page. 803, 804.

(No. 22.) xo° Februarii. COPY of a Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America, signed at London the Sth of January* 1802 - 806.

(No. 23.) 140 Februani. ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of December 1802, both inclusive ----- ibid.

(No. 24.) 22° Februarii. STATE of the Accounts of the British Museum 1802, and Estimate of the Accounts for 1S03 ----- 812. , u*.

(No. 25.) 2 3° Februarii. ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Yea: 1802 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads, lb far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain ibid,

(No. 26.) 2 30 Februarii. ACCOUNT of Money received, and to be received, by the Commissioners appointed by Stat. 35 Geo. III. cap. 129. and of the Appropriation thereof - , - -- -- -- -- 820. V )r

(No. 27.) 2S0 Februarii, —IRELAND— Twenty-seventh REPORT of the Commissioners of Accounts of Ireland ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been redeemed or purchased by them; together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off* the fame; and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a general State of the Fund; specifying whether any, and what Money, still remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them ;—And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of the Sums received and paid, and the Stock purchased for each Loan ;—Also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them - - - . - ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1802, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, have been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads - - -- - - -- -- - ABSTRACT of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland, in One Year, from the 5th January 1802 to the 5th January .’1803; together with the Remains - -- ACCOUNT of the Treasury Bills of Ireland outstanding, that will become payable in the Year 1803 —— ■'IN., ."ji'Ji ibid. ~~ r-Jf) If (.'i iQ 840. 843- 844 ’*) 846.

(No. 28.) 2° Ma —IRELAND— LIST of Officers whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland; and also, a List of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts for Money imprelted on Account, and for extraordinary Services in Ireland - -- -- -- -- ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, as they stood on the 5th of January 1803, as far as the fame can be after rained ----- ibid. ibid.

(No. 29.) 3' Ma —IRELAND— RESOLUTIONS reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, and in the 41ft and 42d Years of the Reign of His pa-lent Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland 847.

(No. 30.) 8° Mart ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of the Revenues and Charges in India, for the Year ending the 30th April 1803; together with the Interest payable upon the Bond and other Debts, the Amount of Commercial Charges, and the Supplies to Bencoolen, Prince of Wales’s liiand, and St. Helena, according to the latest Advices - ESTIMATE of Profit and Loss of the Company's Sales in England (exclusive of Spices) and other Profits, for Four Years, ending ill March 1802, with other Payments in England deduced therefrom ESTIMATE of the Amount of the Bond and other Debts due by the Fall India Company in India, together with the Interest payable upon the fame, by the latest Advices - -- -- -- S74. . 875- ibid,

(No. 31.) 11° Mar tii, 28° Mar tii. —I R K LAND— ACCOUNT of the Ordinary'Revenue and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for One Year, ending at 25th March 1800 ----- ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from die 25th of March 1800 to the ift of January i3oi- ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the Year ended the 5th of January iScz ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the Year ■*) •if 876. 878. 880 '■*•) 8S2.

(No. 32.) 140 Martii. REPORT on Petition of Woollen Manufacturers of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester 884* *4) -—— ’

v

* 43 Geo. III. List of Appendix. 701

APPEKi>n L. PAGE.

(No. 33.) 210 Mir///. ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Wool exported from this Country, between the Years 1790 and 180a; distinguishing the Quantity in each Year, and to what Parts exported ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Twill or Yarn exported from this Country, between the Years 1790 and 1802; distinguishing the Quantiry in each Year, and to what Parts exported 889. 890.

6* Mali. ACCOUNT of the Duties received on British Cotton Twill and Yarn imported into Ireland, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year - -- -- -- - - -- ibid.

9* A/a/i. ACCOUNT of the Value of India Cotton Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the several Countries to which they were exported - -- -- -- - 891.

ACCOUNT of the Value of British Cotton Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the several Countries to which they were exported 892.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Wool imported into the Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Yarn and Twill imported into this Country, from the Year 1750 to 1780 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported - -- - - -- 893•

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Foreign Cotton Yarn and Twill exported from this Country, from the Year 1750 to 1780 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries to which exported - -- -- - ibid.

1? Maii. ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Goods printed in this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; dilHnguishing each Year - 894.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of printed Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year - - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Amount of Drawbacks upon printed Goods exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year ----- ibid.

(No. 34O 25* Martii. ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources configuring the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5 th of January 1803 - ----- 896.

(No. 35.) 25’ Martii. ACCOUNT of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1803; and also of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it Hood on the 5th Day of January 1803, subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793, and also the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years - ----- - ----- 900.

ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, existing before the Year 1793 5 anc* the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon 5th January 1802 and 5th January 1803 910.

(No. 36.) 2j* Marti/. An ACCOUNT, lliewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ended the 5th of January 1803, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied ----- 9I3-

(No. 37.) 250 Martii. ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the fame stood on the ill Day of February 1802; distinguishing by what A<5ls of Parliament the fame is created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, so far as the lame can be ascertainedDiftinguishing a!£o the different Funds in which it is inverted; the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest thereof; Annuities for Terms; Charges of Management; the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by Acts . palfed in the 26th and 42d Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the Annuity of £,1 per Centum per Annum, upon Part of Capitals created since 5th of January 1793:—-Distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable - -- -- -- -- J 9I4»

ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, Ireland, and Imperial Loan, at ill of February 1803; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds; and specifying how much of each has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt since ill August 1786; the Average Price of Stocks; and the Sums Annually applicable to the Reduction thereof; likewise what further Annuities will fall in; and also the Capital of the Debts that has been transferred to the Commissioners on account of Land Tax redeemed - - - 916.

(No. 38.) 25° Martii. ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th January 1803, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the lame; dilHnguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debt or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for 9*7

(No. 39.) . 25* Martii, ACCOUNT, lliewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of Bounties on the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, remaining undisposed of - ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer for Payment of the Judges Salaries, after farisfying all Demands thereon, to January 1803 - r r 921. ibid.

(No. 40.) 30‘ Martii. ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest of any Loan Act hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the parting of an Act 27 Geo. III. cap. 13. as required by the 72d Section of the said Act j and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in reipe& of the lame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1803 - * 922,

(No. 41.) 4* Jtprilis. —IRELAND— Further ESTIM ATE of the £ xpence of the Ferrule Orplj*n H»use, Dublin, for One Year, from the Jth of January 1803 to thje 5th of January 1804, for the Support of One hundred and Forty Children ACCOUNJ 932;

Vol. $8, Q

702

List of Appendix.

A. 1803.

APPENDIX.

(No. 41.)

Aprilis,

continued*

(No. 42.)

30 Aprilis.

(No. 43-)

6" Aprilis. 240 Mail.

(No. 44-)

6° Aprilis.

26° Juln.

(No. 45.)

26* Aprilis.

IRELAND—

Further ESTIMATE of the Expenc* of the Society for difbountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge of the Christian Religion in Ireland, from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804

p age.

933*

SURVEY and Report of the Coasts and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the Command of the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Autumn of 1S02 - * -

(No. 46.)

lb°

Aprilis.

(No. 47.)

26* Aprilis.

-IRELAND-

The Twenty-eighth REPORT of the Commissioners of Account of Ireland -*i;i-*-*

COPIES of all such Evidence, and other Proceedings, as were taken or had by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, previous to making their Twenty-eighth Report, presented to the House of Commons upon the 6th Day of April last, rel'pecting the Accounts (to the 5th Day of January 1802) and Conduct of the Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, arid lighting the Streets of Dublin; together with Copies of all such other Evidence and Proceedings taken or had liftce the Date of the said Re|K>rt by the said Commissioners of Accounts, as relate to the said Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin

-IRELAND-*

ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Ireland, in the Year ending the 5th January 1803; distinguishing the Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported $ together with the Difference between the OfficialValue and the Real Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803 -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the lame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland on the 30th September 1802

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of Jam: iry 1802 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing Irish from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence laid Ycd'cls arrived, or to which they were bound -

-IRELAND-

ACCOUNT, shewing how the Public Monies remain ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th January 1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year endirfg the 5th January 1803, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied -

—IRE LAND-

ACCOUNT of the Application of the Sum of £.54,166. T3. 4. Iridi Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, to

defray the Civil Contingent Charges for the Service of Ireland, for the Year 1802 ......

ACCOUNT of the Application of the Sum of £.325,000. Irish Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the Year 1802 ......

(No. 48.)

28* Aprilis.

ibid.

939*

946.

957*

ibid.

ibid.

958*

960.

961.

962.

—IRELAND—

ACCOUNT of the Tax levied in the City of Dublin for the paving and lighting the fame, for the Year 1800, and ending the

25th December - - - 9*4-

ACCOUNT of the Tax levied in the City of Dublin for the paving and lighting the fame, for the Year 1801, and ending the

25th December ----- 985*

ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City of Dublin, for the Year 1800 - I ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City of Dublin, for the Year 1801 - | ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Pensions, and established Charges of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the City of Dublin ----- I ibid.

—EAST INDIA COMPANY-ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa. and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of. Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy,

Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three

Years, according to the latelt Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the lame - . 936.

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal,'Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude;—distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the Jateft Estimate of the fame - - - I ibid.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of. Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections,

Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1801-2; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of she Stamp Office, for the same Year I

ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of. Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs; Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Faims and Licences, for Three Years, according to tie latest Advices \ together with the latest Estimate of the fame - - I

ACCOUNT

ll

43 Geo. III.

List of Appendix*

APPENDIX.

(No. 48.)' 2&° Jpr

continued.

(No. 49.) 9* Mail.

(No. 50.)

9* Maii.

No. 51.)

11* M.

(No. 53.) 18* Maii SO* Maiu

*3* Maiu

*4* Maii, *5° Jtow. *6* Maii 'Jmii. & Jutiii.

—EAST INDIA COMPANY.—

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circarsj distinguishing the lame under the respective Heads of. Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of coliefling the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latell Eilimate of the fame -

A COMPARISON of the Ellimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll-Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c.; Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1801-2; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame reflectively under the several Heads of. Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs

ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the Fall India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads ot, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices; together with the latell Eilimate of the fame . ...... -

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, distinguishing the lame under the respective Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices; together with the latell Eilimate of the fame - - - - . - - - ...... - - - - s -

A COMPARISON of the Ellimated and Actual Amount of the Resources of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1801-2; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the lame rdpettively under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs - -- -- -- ......

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the Fall India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and Bombay, so far as the fame can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices; together with the latelt Eilimate of the laine -

ACCOUNT of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices; together with the latell Eilimate of the lame ——

AMOUNT of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latell Advices ——

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to ill March 1 So^; containing, the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the East India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Eilimate of the lame for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contra(fl Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively cany, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and Afioat ——

ACCOUNT of the Annual Produce of the Revenues vested in the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, from the Time of their first Incorporation to the ift Day of January 1803; dillin-guishing each Year:—And also, an Account of the annual Application of the said Revenues of the said Governors, and in what Mode the Annual Surplus Revenues have been applied in each Year:—To which is 1'ubjoined, an Account, specifying the Numbers of Augmentations made by the Governors in each Year, and to what Amount in the Whole for each Year; and also, an Account of the Number of Benefices augmentable, as not exceeding £. 50 per Annum, according to their certified Values into the Exchequer, and the Returns made to the Governors -

COPIES of Correspondence relative to the preventing the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores -COPIES of Letters respecting the Exportation of 5,000 Quarters of Seed Corn to Norway ......

COPY of Order in Council, prohibiting the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition, for Two Months, from the Date of the said Order; dated 6th April 1803 - ......

COPY of Order in Council, prohibiting the Exportation of Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, and other Naval Stores, for Two Months, from the Date of the Order, except as therein excepted; dated nth May 1803 ......

COPY of Order in Council, for permitting Ships and VeflcN trading to Africa to take on board and export Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, for Trade there; and also to take on board Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, for the Defence of the said Ships, in certain Proportions, and under the Conditions mentioned in the said Order; dated nth May 1803 -

First REPORT on the Survey of the Coasts and Central Highlands of Scotland Second REPORT ——

Third REPORT ...... - ......

Fourth REPORT ......

PAPERS presented to the House of Commons, by His Majesty’s Command, respecting the Discussions with France

A PAPER, intituled, " Declaration;" ......

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Discussions with France -PAPER presented to the House, by His Majell y’s Command, respecting the Discussions with France - -

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Restitution of certain conquered Places COPY of the Paper referred to in Mr. Foresti’s Letter to Lord Hawkelbury, of January 2d 1803 PAPERS presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, respecting the Island of Malta -

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Continuance of French Troops in Holland PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Guarantee of the Court of Russia -PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting Commercial Commissioners from France PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant _to Address^ respecting the Maltese Deputies and M. Chepy

Vol. $8*

703

PAGE.

989.

990. ibid.

ibid.

991.

ibid.

ibid.

992.

994.

IOOOO.

ibid.

1001.

ibid.

1002.

ibid.

iooj.

1006.

1024.

1031.

1065.

1067.

1071.

1072.

ibid.

*°73-

ibid.

i°74*

1075.

1077.

704

List of Appendix

A. 1803,

APPENDIX.

(No. 54.) 18* Maii.

16* Jutiii.

(No. 55.) 24° Mati.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty *1 most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of the 23d Day of November last, as relates to affording to mercantile Transoftions all the Facility and Accommodation that may be confident with the Security of the Public Revenue -

Ditto

—IRELAND—

RETURNS of the Number of Freeholders registered by the Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties of Ireland, excepting the County of Sligo j diilinguishing the Number of each Class of Freeholders so registered; viz. Fifty Pounds Freeholders, Twenty

Pounds Freeholders, and Forty Shillings Freeholders j also specifying the Dates of the Years of Registry, and the Number

registered

Together with an Abstract of the said Return* t

27 * Junii. SLIGO Return

(No. 56.) i° Junii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ----- 7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, 3nd of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days - - . -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1803 ......

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the General Staff of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1803

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1803

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department of the Royal Military College, for Two Companies of Cadets, for the Year 1803 ......

ESTIMATE of the Expences expected to be incurred within the Year 1803, on account of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and One West India Regiment retained on the Establishment of the Army, and of an Augmentation to the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons in the United Kingdom, and to the Three Regiment* of Foot Guards, for the respective Periods therein specified, in the Year 1803 - v

ESTIMATE of the Charge of additional General and General Staff Officers in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1803 . ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies lately held by the Colonels, First Lieutenant Colonels, and First Majors, of the respective Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry throughout the Army, from the 25th May 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 2x4 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the respective Periods therein mentioned to the 24th December 1803, inclusive -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1803 ...... " ...... -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1803 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subfstence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia for Small Beer, for the Year 1803 - ...... -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated the 26th May 1803 ——

(No. 57.)

I. Junii.

ACCOUNT of the Balances remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland, of the Sums of £.69,910. 15. 9*;. and £.2,500. granted by Two Acts, made in the 32d and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Debts upon the forfeited Estate of Perth - " " " * " * " ~

ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland, of the Sum of £-38,553. 12. 1 J. granted by an Act, made in the ift Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paying off and discharging the Debts upon the Estate of Lovat *-

ACCOUNT of the Balance of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, Handing in the Books of the Royal Bank of Scotland, in the Name of the Right Honourable the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland

PAGE.

1078.

109s.

1105. 1116.

1117.

1118.

ibid

1119.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

1120.

ibid

1121.

ibid.

112Z.

1124.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

1125.

ibid. ibid.

(No. 58.) 2* ‘Junii.

(No. 59.) 2.0 Junii.

24® Junii.

(No. 60.) I4° Junii.

ESTIMATE of the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, for the Year 1803 ESTIMATE of the further Sums required for the Service of the Barrack Department, for the Year 1803

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes $ and who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale’*

RESOLUTIONS reported from another Committee of the whole House, upon the fame Subject - -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Distilleries in England, and Places where each Distillery is situated -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills in every Distillery in England, and the Content of each Still in Gallons -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Spirits which have paid Duty, in the Year ending 5th January 1803, in each Distillery in England, with the Amount of the Duty ......

ACCOUNT of the Number of Rectifying Distilleries in England, and Places where every such Rectifying Distillery is situated -

ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills for rectifying in every Rectifying Distillery in England, with the Content of each Still in Gallons ......

ACCQUNT

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

1128,.

1132.

ibid.

ibid.

1133.

ibid.

List of Appendix.

705

!5.

43 Gko. III.

'r,

X

10. I

:i.

:d 1

■I

111.

j

:u 1

1 j

J

/■*>

appendix. , ] PAGE.

(Nj. 60.) 14* Junii, continued. ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Gross Spirits which have been Permitted to every Rectifying Distillery in England, in the Year ending 5th January 1803, with the Number of Gallons of rectified Spirits Permitted out of each Rectifying Distillery in the same Year ACCOUNT of the Stock of Gross and Rectified Spirits on Hand in every Rectifying Distillery in England, on 5th January 1802 and £th January 1803 II36. xii7-

13" Ju!ii- ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Home-made Spirits Permitted from the Gross Distillers in England, from the 13th June to the 5th July 1803 ——

l70 Julii. ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Spirits imported into England from Ireland, from the 13th June to the 5th July 1803; distinguishing the different Ports at which such Importations took place; and also the Days on which the Entries were made - ibid.

14* Junii. ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills licensed in Scotland; distinguishing those for the Supply of the Highlands, and those for the Manufacture of Spirits in the Districts called The Lowlands, with the Rate of Licences attaching to each; from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803 ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Stills entered in Scotland, and where situated, for the Manufacture of Spirits for the English Market, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803 1138.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Wash distilled by such entered Distilleries in Scotland for the English Market, distinguishing the Quantities at each separate Distillery, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1-803 ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Spirits Permitted from such Distilleries to England, distinguishing particularly those sent from each of them, from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803 - ibid.

i* Junii. ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Spirits imported into England from Scotland, particularizing the Strength of such Spirits by the Hydrometer, the different Distilleries in Scotland whence such Spirits were exported, and the Amount of Duty charged and paid thereon, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803 - ibid.

to* Junii. IRELAND.—ACCOUNT of the Number of Distilleries in Ireland, specifying where each is situated - - - ibid.

4 ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills in each Distillery in Ireland, and their Contents, &c. ....... lI39’

ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Spirits which have paid Duty in Ireland, in the Year ending jtli January 1803, with the Amount of Duty ----- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Rectifying Distilleries in Ireland, and where situated - -- -- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills in each Rectifying Distillery in Ireland, and their Contents ----- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Gross Spirits Permitted to each Rectifying Distillery in Ireland, in the Year ending 5th January 1803; and the Number of Gallons of Rectified Spirits Permitted out of each Rectifying Distillery in Ireland, in the course of the same Year - -- -- -- -- -- 1140.

ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Allowances made to the Distillers in Ireland, by way of Per-Centage on the Duty, or otherwise; distinguishing also the Amount in the different Districts, from jth January 1802 to 5th January 1803 - - - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Spirits exported from Ireland, and the Amount of Drawback claimed, and granted thereon; distinguishing the different Ports in Ireland whence such Exportation was made, and the different Ports in England to which such Spirits were sent, from 5th January 1802 to 5 th January 1803 - t ibid.

(No. 6i.) 3* Junii. CHARGE of Services ordered to be performed, and Stores to be supplied, for carrying on the Service of the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1803, since the Estimate of the said Office for the said Year was presented to Parliament - - ' A STATEMENT of the Amount of Money to be paid in Satisfaction of the Outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ordnance in Ireland, for Services performed, and not provided for by Parliament ----- H4I. ibid.

(No. 62.) 7* Junii. ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31ft December 1802 - -- - 1142.

(No. 63.) 8* Junii. Transport Office"—An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Service of this Department, between the 7th June and 31ft December 1803, in addition to the Suras already voted by Parliament - -- -- ESTIMATE of what Money may be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, from the present Time until the End of the Year 1803 - - ibid. H43-

(No. 64.)

Junii.

(No. 65.)

Junii.

(No. 66.) 9* Junii.

(No. 67.) io* Junii.

—IK ELAND—

ESTIMATE of the further Sums required for the Service of the Barack Departments, in that Part of the United Kingdom cailed Ireland, for the Year 1803 ......

IRELAN D—

ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the fame flood on the 5th January 1S03; distinguishing the Years in which each Part thereof was created; distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted; the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest and Annuities; and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin respectively; the Charge of Management; and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt ——

ibid.

U44.

—IRELAND—

| ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands outstanding, on the 5th January 1S03; under the Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, and Loan from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the LlfTi Lotteries of 1801; distinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Del-t or Demand confided; auJ also what Part of the said Debt and Demand was then prorided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the island of Cape Breton, in America, from the tft of

Januai'y to the 31st of December 1S03 ...... * ...... * * -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishtnent of the Bermudas (or Somer’s Idands) from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803

ESTIMATE

ibid.

II45.

ibid.

y

Go ;It ‘

Q T*

706 List of Appendix. * — -— — ' — --—— A. 1803.

APPENDIX. page..

(No. 67.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Eftubiilhinent of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the ill of January to the 3ill of December 1803 - " - - - - ~ ’ " 1145.

IO® Junii, ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the id of January to the

continued. 1146.

V v/ J ESTIMATE of thfc Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the ill of January to the 31ft

of December 1803 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establiflmient of the Kland of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward's Istand, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803 ----- ibid

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ellablilliment of the Island of Newfoundland in America, from the ill of January to the 31ft December 1803 - - ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ill of 1147-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ill of January to the 31ft: of December 1803 - -- -- -- - ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty-Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ill of January 1148.

ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List: Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament - - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 42ft Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1803 - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1802 - - ----- 1149.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military R.oads in North Britain, for the Year 1803 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanting in the present Year to defray the Expences under the Commission, pursuant to the 6 th and 7 th Articles of the American Treaty - ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1803 ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, between July 1802 and 31ft May 1S03 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence incurred for Works done at the Auditor’s Office, the Pipe Office, and the Record Office, at Somerset Place - -- -- -- -- -- -- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Sum which will be wanted to complete the Purchase of certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act of the 41H Year of His present Majesty's Reign ----- ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in fitting up a House in Abingdon St-ect, to be appropriated for denoffting the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the House of Commons, and for the Residence of the Clerk of the Journals - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in printing the 56th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto - -- -- - - -- -- -- -- - 1150.

ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in the Repairs of the Fleet Prison - -- -- -- ibid.

(No. 68.) —I RE LAND- ESTIMATE of the Sam which may be wanted to defray the Civil Contingent Expences for the Service of Ireland, for the Yevr ibid\

15* J

(No. 69.) ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of ibid.

17° Junii. Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament -

(No. 70.) ACCOUNT of the Shipping employed by the East India Company, speccifying the Names, Tonnage, and Number of Feet Water ibid.

' r * 23® Junii. each Class of Ships draws when fully laden, as far as the fame can be ascertained -

(No. 71.) O CV A STATEMENT of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales,

and Contrails for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax,

24 jurat. from the 29th of March 1799 to 24th of June 1803 - -- -- -- -- - 1151.

(No. 72.) ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

2S0 intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for 1152.

the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three " ——

(No. 73.) COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th October 1801, for ibid.

_ ry

2,y COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 19th October 1801, for limiting the travelling Charges of that Board - - -- -- - XI53-

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for limiting the ibid.

Allowance to the Members of that Board for Subsistence and travelling Expences, dated 27th October 1801 -

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the ViCluallins, dated 26th November ibid.

1801, for citabliffiing a distinct Office in that Department for the Examination of Agents and Storekeepers Accounts -

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 21ft May 1802, containing an Establishment of Officers and Artificers for His Majesty's Yards at Gibraltar and Halifax " 1154-

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated toih March 1802, for placing the . ’.

Foremen of Shipwrights, including those called Foremen a-float and Foreman of new Work on a footing with the Mailer Boatbuflders - -- - - -- - & ibid.

, COPY Ie

43 Geo. III.

List of Appendix.

707

APPENDIX._

(No. 73.) 29* Junii,

continued.

(No. 74.)

4* Julii.

(No. 76.)

11* Julii.

(No. 77.)

15° Julii.

(Vo. 78.)

16° Julii,

Jo0 Julii.

(No. 79.)

*5* >/«.

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 8th August 1802, enforcing the Duties of the Committees coir.poied of the Members of that Board ——

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, relative to the Receipt, Management, and Convertion of Timber, dated 23d September 1802; inclosing ——

In ftiunions to the Mailer Shipwright, respecting the Management of the Timber -

Instructions to the Clerk of the Checqtie, respecting the Management of Timber -

Iriftnnfiions to the Storekeeper, respecting Timber -

Instructions to the Timber Mailer -

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th February 1803, for eitablishing a Department for the better Execution of the Duties appertaining to Navy Contrails -

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for increasing the Salaries of the Clerks in the Victualling Department at Gibraltar, dated the 4th May 1803 -

—IRELAND—

A RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 2*d of March 1803, for—An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Public Oflices in Ireland, for the Years 1801 and 1802 \ together with Thirty-three several Accounts referred to in the said Return -

(No. 75.)

S’ Julii.

REPORT from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were instructed to consider of lo much of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Establishment of an invariable Order in the Payment of Salar ies, and other Charges on the Civil List, and of the Plan of the Establishments and Payments of the Civil List Revenues, in dalles ----- - - -- ......

ACCOUNT of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements at the Island of Ceylon, during the Time it has been in the Possession of Great Britain, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up ——

ESTIMATE of Profit and Loss on the East India Company’s Sales in England, and other Profits, for the Year ending lit March 1803, with other Payments in England dtdufted therefrom ——

ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the East India Company; distingufihing the Periods when the several Sub-feriptions constituting that Capital were made, and the Produce in Cash of each Subscription reflectively - - V

ACCOUNT of the Rates of Freight, per Ton, annually paid by the East India Company, from the lft January 1784 to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up; distinguishing the Nature of the Voyage, and the several Gaffes of Shipping -

ACCOUNT of the Rates of Freight, per Ton (distinguishing Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received for each Voyage performed in the Service of the East India Company, by the several Ships on whose Behalf an inereased Peace Freight is now demanded, with the Amount prepoled to be granted to them by the Company; also the lowest Freight (dikinguishing the Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received by any Ship of the fame Tonnage, performing the* fame Voyage during the same Year; and the lowest Rate of Freight at which Ships of the fame Tonnage have been tendered to the Company fmee the Peace -of Amiens ——

ACCOUNT of the Cost of Building and Outfit of a Ship of 800 Tons, in the Service of the East India Company, in the Years 1790, 1791, 1792, 1795, 1800, and 1802, according to the Ellimates of the Master Attendant of the said Company

ACCOUNT of the Cost cf Building and Outfit of a Ship of 1,200 Tons, in the Service of the East India Company, in the Years 1790, 1791* 1792, 1795, 1S00, and 1802, according to the Ellimates of the Master Attendant of the said Company

—IRELAND—

ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money received by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, &c. in Ireland, or by their Treasurer on their Account, in each Year, from May 1790 lo January 1803; distinguishing each Year, the different Estates, Funds, Grants, or other Sources of Income, from which such Sums have been fevcmlly received :—Also, an Account of the Sums arising therefrom, which were remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, or their Treasurer, in the Year ending oil the jft of May in each of the said Years to the ill May 1S01, and on the 5th Day of January 1802 and the 3th Day of January 1803 respectively :—And also, ail Account of the Sums of Money expended by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland in each Year, from May 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing in each Year the different Heads of Service to which the Expenditure has been applied; distinguishing also, in all Cases where the fame has been applied to the building or repairing of Churches, or the building and repairing of Glebe Houses, the Names of the several Parishes or Benefices where such Improvements have been made, and the Sum granted for each -

ACCOUNT of t!ie Number of Pariftirs in Ireland, and of the Benefices or Unions of Parishes into which the fame have been distributed and reduced: Also, an Account of the Number of Churches and Glebe Houses that were exilting in Ireland, in the Year 1791 :—And, an Account of the Churches and Glebe Houses that have been built, or are now building, under Assistance from the Board of First Fruits, since the Year, as far as the fame can at present be ascertained -

(No. 80.) 2S°Julii.

(No.

Julii.

A further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament -

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament ——

ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expences incurred by John Soane, Esquire, and to reward him for his Trouble in making De/igns, Elevations and Ellimates, for Alterations proposed, in the Years X794 and 1795, to be made to the House of Lords, and Rooms and Offices adjoining ......

ACCOUNT

Voi,. 58.

PAGE.

1155.

ibiJ.

ibid.

11

ibid.

115 7*

1138.

* >59-

1160.

1171.

1200.

ibid.

1201.

ibid.

1202.

1204.

120 5.

I 206.

1222.

ibid.

ibid, ibid,

List of Appendix

A. 1803.

70S

APPENDIX. (No. 81.) 26" J continued. 1 J ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to repay the DepoGt Money made on Forty Tickets of the Lottery of 1801, which, from particular Circumstances, became forfeited, and which were fold for the Benefit of the Public - ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to discharge Arrears of Expences of the Seven Police Offices, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing the Allowance for the Police Establishment - page. 1222. ibid.

(No. 82.) 27 J ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Public Securities, and Balance in the Hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund in India, included in the Account, N» 21. presented to the House by the East India Company on the 28th April 1803 1223.

(No. 83.) 27° J N ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to reimburse to Dr. Jenner the Amount of the Fees and Charges on the Receipt of the Sum granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as a Reward to him for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine ibid.

(No. 84.) 2° Aug Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated 13th July 1803, for—A Lift of all Pensions granted, and now payable, to Natives and Foreigners, from the ift of January 1800 up to the presentTime - , ibid.

(No. 85.) 5* -Augujii, A RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the lid of March 1803, for—An Account, (Hewing what increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public 12244

APPENDIX-

[ 709 ]

APPENDIX.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of EXCHEQUER BILLS issued per Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 4. intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1801," outstanding and unprovided for.

Two Millions Seven hundred eighty-one thousand Five hundred thirty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Twopence Halfpenny.

Appendix (No. 1.)

2 90 Nove

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 7 29th November 1802. 3

N. Vanjittart.

An ACCOUNT of all Bounties paid on the Importation of CORN and RICE, in the Years ending the loth of October 1801 and

1802 respectively; distinguishing each Quarter.

Quarter ending 5th January 1801 -

----- ending 5th April - 1801 -

----- ending 5th July - 1801 -

----- ending 10th October 1801 -

Year ending 10th October 1801

Quarter ending 5th January 1S02 -

—'----- ending 5th April - 1802

----- ending 5th July - 1802 -

----- ending loth October 1802 -

Year ending loth October 1802

s. d.

44.836 13 -i

30,429 11 9

41,205 16 9

IT) 00 pi 17 Hi

533,287 19 6±

931,839 17 9k

270,018 3 9l

321,737 12 n.±

109,991 14 10J

1,633,587 9 4i

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London 29th November 1802

Appendix:, (No. 2.)

2 90 Novembr\

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of GUARDS, GARRISONS, and other His Majesty’s LAND FORCES, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

CORPS.

1 Gmi?ds°^-} The Earl of Harringtons -2d Ditto - - Lord Cathcart's -

RI?orfe1GuIrd°sf}The Duke of Richmond'3 -

lftReg1 of Dragoon Guards 2d Ditto - -3d Ditto - -4th Ditto - -5th Ditto - -6th Ditto - -7th Ditto - -lftRco'of Dragoons - -2d Ditto - -3d Ditto - -4th Ditto - -6th Ditto - -?th Ditto - -9th Ditto - -loth Ditto - -nth Ditto - -12th Ditto - -13th Ditto - -14th Ditto - -*5th Ditto - -

Sir William Auguffus Pitt’s

The Marquis Townshend’s Sir William Fawcett’s - -

General George Warde s -General Thomas Bland’s -The Earl of Carhampton’s Sir William Medows’s - -

| Major Gen1 Thomas Garth’s

General David Dundas’s -Loid Grey's ——

Lord Dorchester’s -

The Earl of Pembroke's -Lord Paget’s - - -Sir James St.Clair Erfkino'si The Prince of Wales’s - -

The Marquis of Lothian’s -Sir James Stewart's - -

General Francis Craig’s -Lieut. General Egerton's -The Duke of Cumberland’s

Numbers.

353

350

395

Carried forward

692

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

556

55<5

556

556

1,098

Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers,

Non-comm ifhoned Officers, and Private Men.

£■ *■ d.

Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

d.

32,729

26.727

26.727

26.772

26.727

26.772

26.727

26.727

26.727

26.772

26.727

26.727

26.727

26.772

26.727

26.727

26.772

26.727

26.727

26.727

*7 1

2 6

2 6 15 — 2 6 15 — 2 6

2 6

2 6 15 — 2 6 2 6 2 6 15 — 2 6 2 6 15 — 2 6 2 6 2 6

3.467

2.778

2.778

3.454

2.778

3.454

2.778

2.778

2.778

3.454

2.778

2.778 2,7/8 3*454

2.778

2.778

3.454

2.778 2,7/8

2.778

4 7

17 * 17 1

17 — 17 1

'7 — 17 1

17 1

17 1

17 —

17 1 17 1

17 1

17 — 17 .1 17 1 17 —

17 1

17 1

17 1

1,098

Agency.

£■ *• d-

455 i 2

368 13 7

368 13 7

206 9 --

368 13 7

206 9 —

368 13 7

363 13 7

368 13 7 206 9 —

368 13 7 368 13 7

368 13 7 206 9 —

368 13 7 368 13 7

206 9 —

368 *3 . 7 368 13 7

368 13 7

Annual Allowances to Captains and Riding Matters; Extra Allowance for Farriery; and Allowance for Great Coats.

s. d.

839 16 8

672

671

672 672 672 672

672 3 5

672 3

67* 3 C72 3

672 3

672 3 672 3

672 3 672 3

672 3 672 3

672 3

672 3

a

Appendix

(No. 3.)

x° Decembrh

TOTAL.

3*2,628

32,314

32,688

s. d. 17 ll

11 3

15 10

37,491

3°,546 3°,54^ 31,i°6

30.546 31,106

30.546

30.546

30.546 3Mo6

30.546

30.546

30.546 3Lio6

30.546

30.546 3Lio6

30.546

30.546

30.546

19

16

16

4

16

4

16

7 7 5 7 5 7

16 7

16

4

16

16

16

4

16

16

4

16

16

x6

oojgle'

97,632

97.632

Vol. fR

710

Appendix.

A. 1802.

13

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

I. Decembrisy

continued.

The Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, &c.—continued.

CORPS.

tli Regiment of Dragoons th Ditto -th Ditto -th Ditto -ft Ditto -

Brought forward - -| General Harcourt’s

- Lieut. General De Laneey’s

- The Marquis of Drogheda’g

- Lord 1 leathfield’s -

- Lieut. General Tarlcton's -

ft lleg* of Foot ?Duke of Gloucester’s -

Guards - -3

'olditream Ditto, The Duke of York’s - -d Ditto - The Duke of Argyll’s - -

d Reg1 of Foot, General Thomas Hall’s -The Earl of Chatham’s -Major General England’s -Lieut. General Bertie's - -General Powells -

Lieut. General imwyer’s -General Garth's - - -SirJaivs Pulteney’s - -

General 1 lanr.lion’s

General Whvle’s

Lieut. Geni ral Gordon’s -General l r» frottb - -

Major General Manners’s Lord Mulgrav* 's - - -Lieut. General Ogilvie's * General St. John’s -

General Hooke’s - -

Sir George Oihorne’s - -Sir I lector Munro’s -

General Smith’s - -

General Kainsforcl’s -

Lieut. General Lifter's S.ir James Henry Craig’s

th Ditto th Ditto th Ditto tii Ditto th Ditto tli Ditto th Ditto It Ditto tli Ditto th Ditto 1I1 Ditto th Ditto It Ditto d Ditto tli Ditto 1I1 Ditto th Ditto d Ditto d Ditto th Ditto th Ditto tli Ditto th Ditto d Ditto I

th Reg1 of Foot, General Norton's - -

| Major General Moore’s -

th Ditto th Ditto tli Ditto ,d Ditto th Ditto th Ditto th Ditto ih Ditto ft Ditto d Ditto th Ditto d Ditto jd Ditto ih Ditto ’th Ditto th Ditto d Ditto d Ditto i| -

jPeoiment

Geneuil Cam]'hell’s

General Mathew’s The Earl of Clunricarde’s General Brown’s - -Lieut. General Cuvier’s The Earl of Suffolk's -General Gordon’s - -

Lieut. General Stuart’s Colonel Cameron’s - -Lieut. General Pigott’s Lieut. General Balfour’s General Reid’s - - -Sir Eyre Cootc’s - *-Colonel Graham’s - -The Marquis of Huntley Major General Wemyfs’s

I auYcmen } Colonel Manning!*

e Stall Corps,

It Royal Gar- ] j rifon Battn J i Ditto - -i Ditto - -th Ditto - -h Ditto - -h Ditto - -b Ditto - -

arrifons - -

Lieut. Colonel Brown’s

Lieut. General Home’s

] ( Numbers. N Pay and | c 7>ailv Allowance _f hfJ[Be off >fComn, iffionedLCloathms/or . Officers, Non-commnhoned lon-commissioneul ° hc*re Officers, _ . and.f ind Private Men. Private Men- A A 1 Agency. a nnual Allowance?! to Captains and Riding Matters; £.\tra Allowance for Furriery; md Allowance for Great Coats.

£■ *■ d. j £. A. £■ *• £■ *• d.

- - 1,098

556 - - 26,772 15 — 3,454 17 — 206 9 — 672 3 5

556 - - 26,727 2 6 2,778 17 1 368 13 7 672 3 5

556 - - 26,727 2 6 2,778 17 I 368 13 7 672 3 5

556 - - 26,7*27 2 6 2,778 17 1 368 13 7 672 3 5

55° - - 26,772 15 — 3,454 17 — 206 9 — 672 3 5

2,694 - - — + m

1,683

1,683 - - 1 -

844 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

| V -4 - - 27,132 8 7 3,127 15 10 270 14 1 726 8 —.

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9. 594 13 —

; Di*4 - - 27,132 8 7 3,127 15 10 270 14 1 726 8 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 *3 —

£44 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 *,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13

844 - - 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,98519 7 2,354 7 y 232 15 9 594 13 —

1 844 - - 20.98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

S44. - - 20.98519 7 2,354 7 9 ■232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 J3 —

844 - - •20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 >8 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - * 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

S44 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — »39 18 4 594 13 —

i,6S8 - 41,856 14 2 4,708 15 6 464 11 3 1,189 6 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 »8 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20.985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

• 1 r44 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13

• i 844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

■ :| 844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13

-: 844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

• 844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — ‘

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

S44 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 634 19 —

844 - - 20,908 8 41 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 634 19 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 >5 9 594 13 —

- 844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - . 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

844 - - 20,908 8 4 2,417 14 — 139 18 4 594 13 —

844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

5 844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

- 844 - - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 —

I 38,540 " -

- 1 - - 844 20,871 18 4 2,354 7 9 *31 15 6 594 13 —

S - - 260 , 9,856 10 5 800 146 11 6 80 — —

- - - *32 I 6,827 81 76° 84 13 9 153

5 743 - - 18,995 19 4 - 221 2 7 473 15 —

; 743 ' - - 18,995 19 4 - - - 221 2 7 473 15 —

>s 743 - - 18,905 19 4 - 221 2 7 473 15 —

- 743 - - 18,995 19 4 221 2 7 473 15 —

743 - - 18,995 19 4 - 221 2 7 473 15 —

- - 18,905 19 4 - 221 2 7 473 15 —

743 - - 18,995 19 4 - 221 2 7 473 15 —

1 - 5>*° 1 ——

-t - - 3°' - 85,368 14 11 782 2 2 - 55

id Ireland -166,57, 4 1,835,392— 11 188,348 13 10 18.S71 10 < 9 48.274 3 8

TOTAL.

£■ '■

31.106 4 5

30.546 16 7

30.546 16 7

30.546 16 7

31.106 4 5

90,639 9 6

57,078 6 11 57>i33 1 u

■24,167 16

31,257 6

24,lfl7 l6

31/257

24.060 13 24,06° 13 24^060 13

24.060 13

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.167 16 •24,167 16

24.060 13

24.060 13

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.060 13

24.060 13

24.060 13

24.060 13

48,2i9

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.060 13,

24.167 16

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.100 19

24.100 19

24.167 16 24,06013

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.060 13

24.167 16

24.167 16

24.167 16

6 11

97,63*

774>53i 1* 4

204,850 18 4

11,009,552 3 — 24,052 14 7

10,883 1 n

7,825 10

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

19.690 16 11

137.83518 5

36,20517 1

h,393.369 i* 6

Deduct, On account of the difference between British and Irish Currency, for the Force proposed to be iiationed in Ireland - * I 70,669 12 3

-•I

id

• 1.

• I

• , V

ft

■-V-, i,:,

■ in :- a

fi

w

i$Tl]

Remains to be provided

£• *,3*7°° 3

Of which, the Proportion of Charge for Great Britain is - 11,474,664 13 3

For Ireland - - - I 848,035 7

War Office, ) > on ember 1802. J

Together, as above -

£. 2,322,700

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Til

EsH

MATE of the Charge of Ills Majesty's FORCES in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, at Ceylon, and in New South Wales; from the 25th Dei ember 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Appendiy,

(No. 3.)

i° Decembrist

continued.

k

i"

CORPS.

; | r

7th -

8th

ift Reg1 of Foot,

Two Battns ad - Ditto -6th - Ditto - - Ditto - - Ditto -

10th - Ditto - -11th - Ditto - -13th - Ditto - -14th - Ditto - -20th - Ditto - -23d Ditto - -25th - Ditto - -27th - Ditto - -20th - Ditto - -33th - Ditto - -37th - Ditto - -301I1 - Ditto - -41H - Ditto - -47th - Ditto - -48th - Ditto * -49th - Ditto - -53d - Ditto - -54th - Ditto - -55th - Ditto - -Royal American Regiment, Six F>attns 6 nt K^g* of Foot -M - Ditto - -64th - Dmo - -

68th - Ditto - -Sift - Ditto - -85th - Ditto -

S;th - Ditto - -put - Ditto - -Colonel Grofe’s Regiment

The Duke of Kent's

General Coates’s - -

Pi ‘ince William's - -

Sir Aimed Clarke’s- -General Ralph Dundas’s Lieutenant General Fox’s General Grant’s •* -

General A indies - -

General Hothani’s -

Lieut. General Leigh’s -General Grenvilles Lord (ieo. ID Lennox's Lord Clarina's - - -Lieut. General Forbes’s (General Fletcher s - -

Sir Hew Dalrymplr’s -LlG( n1 Nilbett llalfour's Sir Thomas Stil ling’s -General Dalrymples -General Tonvn’s - -General Maitland’s - -

General (’rolltie’s - -

Major General Bairds General Tottenham's -

The Duke of York's -

Major General Ilcwetl’s The Earl of Balcarres's General Leland’s - -

Sir Thomas Triggc’s -Lieut, General Johnson’s Major General Nugent's Major General Doyle’s M rG1 Duncan Campbell’

1 ft West India ID Ditto -Dnto - Ditto

Ditto Ditto -

2d

3d

4th 5th 6 th

Lieut. General Whyte’s Major General Myers’s Major Cleneral Keppel’s Major General Nicolis’s Colonel Calvert’s - -

Major Gen1 Whitelocke’s

garrisons, &c.:

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Cunadu, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John’s and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Prince Edward’s llland -

Jamaica, Grenada, Saint Vincent's, and Dominica -

Gibraltar -

Officers serving with His Majesty’s Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and the Mediterranean -

Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the said Forces ——

Total -

Numbers. Lay Lind Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of (’loathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Annual Allowances to Captains; and for Great Coats. j TOT

£. s. d. £• s. d. £• s. d. £■ ! £■ s. d.

i,6pS - - 4-2.767 7 1 4,708 15 6 470 10 11 1,189 6 — j 49.135 19 6

844 - - •20,08519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24,167 l6 1

844 - ~ •20,98519 7 •*354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24,167 l6 1

844 " * 21,131 19 7 2*35 F 7 9 234 — 1 594 13 — 24,315 5

844 ~ - •20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 ’3 " 24,167 16 1

844 20,985 19 7 a,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24*67 16 1

8 54 - - 22,020 2 11 -’•354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 — 251209 1 5

*44 - " 20,985 19 7 2*354 7 9 252 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

*5 4 - - 22,020 2 11 2,354 / 9 239 17 9 594 13 — ^5.209 1 5

844 - " 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24.167 16 1

844 - " •20,98519 7 -i354 7 9 23*2 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

844 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,107 16 1

844 20,985 19 7 2^354 7 9 23*2 15 0 594 13 — 24,107 16 1

844 " - 20.98519 7 2,3;H 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 ID 1

844 - - •20.98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

8',+ 22,020 2 11 2,354 7 0 259 17 9 594 13 — 25,209 1 5

8;S4 " - 22,020 2 11 2,354 7 9 259 17 9 594 13 25,209 1 5

844 - " 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24,167 lb 1

844 - " 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — I 24,167 16 1

844 ~ - 20,08519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

844 - - 20,98519 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,107 lb 1

8.H " - 22,020 2 11 2,354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 — 25,209 1 5

844 - " 20,98519 Pm / 2,354 7 9 •232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

854 * - 2-2,020 2 11 2,354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 ~ 25,209 l 5

5.i«>5 - 130,177 5 — 14,126 6 6 1,4*26 4 10 2,842 10 — 148,572 6 4

844 - 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24,167 16 1

844 - " 20,985 19 7 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

854 22,020 ‘2 11 2,354 7 9 . 239 17 9 594 13 — 25,209 1 5

854 22,0-20 2 n 2,354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 — 25,209 1 5

844 " " 20,985 19 7 _ 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 — 24,167 16 1

854 " - 22,020 2 11 . 2,354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 — 25,209 1 5

854 ' - 22,020 2 11 2,354 7 9 239 17 9 594 13 ~ 25,209 1 5

844 - * 20,985 19 7 . 2,354 7 9 232 15 9 594 13 ~ 24,167 16 1

553 - ~ 14,292 15 10 1,584 6 7 171 3: 499 18 — 10,548 3 5

33,6*20 -

%3 - - 18,172 8 9 D941 2 11 196 10 11 379 20,689 2 7

693 - - 18,172 8 9 i,94i •2 11 196 10 u 379 20,689 2 7

<‘93 - - 18,172 8 9 G941 2 11 196 10 11 379 20,689 2 7

693 - - 18,172 8 9 1,041 2 11 106 10 11 379 20,689 2 7

693 - - 18,172 8 9 1,941 2 11 196 10 11 379 20,689 2 7

<193 A 1 8 18,172 8 9 D941 2 11 196 10 11 379 20,689 2 7

4>!o° •

7,778 1 957>325 — 10 105,052 6 4 io,535 16 10 •25.23917 — -

War Office, 1 29th November 1802. J

£■ *• d-

974,oi8 5 '

124,134 15 <,

6,300 18 1

2,351 2 —

3?737 3

13D38 i° — 6,296 5 —

1,1*29,976 19 A

C. Torkr.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United Kingdom of Great BkiTAix and Ireland;

from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 36$ Days.

GencfaJ and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey Ditto - - in Ireland ----- £.25,355* 8- 9-

* Which Sum of £. *5,355. 8* 9. Irish, amounts, io British Money, to -

Total - - £.

C ized bY

Charge for 365 Days.

£. $. d.

35,063 — 5

23,43

58,468 — 10

1 — x r

712

Appendix. A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 3.) c° DecembrtS) continued.

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britaix and Ireland; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days-

IN GREAT BRITAIN, &c.:

Commander in Chief Four Aides de Camp -Secretary -

eachj£. 172* 17. 6.

Two Lieutenant Generals Four Aides de Camp

Five Major Generals Five Aides de Camp

' 0. 0. 2,766

17« 6. 691 10 —

691. 10. 0. 3,457 10 —

- - - - 172. i7- 6. 804 7 6

One Adjutant General -

One Deputy Adjutant General

One Quarter-limiter General

One Deputy Quarter-matter General

Barrack-master General -

rIVn Aides de Camp to the King

Two Inspectors of Cloathing

Two Alhttant Quarter-master Generals

Five Majors of Brigade -

Chaplain General -

Physician General -

Surgeon General -

Inspecior of Regimental Hospitals

Apothecary General -

Principal Veterinary Surgeon -

General commanding in North Britain Three Aides de Camp

Secretary -

each

189.

345-

‘259*

17‘2-

9-

15-

6.

17*

each 172. 17. 6.

One Major General -One Aide de Camp

One Deputy Adjutant General -

One Deputy Quarter-master General -

One Major of Brigade -

Baggage-master and Inspetfor of the Roads

Deputy Judge Advocate, and Clerk of the Courts Martial

Cotnnnftary of Stores and Provisions -

Commandant of the Forces at Guernsey, as Major General One Aide dc Camp - - - j - . -

One Major of Brigade

Commandant of the Forces at Jersey, as Major General One Aide de Camp -

Major of Brigade

MEDICAL STAFF:

Two Physicians One Purveyor Eleven Surgeons Five Apothecaries -Four Deputy Purveyors

Six Hospital Mates Forty - Ditto

each £.345- 15- o*

17*2. 17. 6. 172. 17. 172. 17. 6,

each £136. 17. 6.

91* 5* o.

Total

IN IRELAND:

Commander of the.Forees, at £. 10. a day Four Aides de Camp to Ditto, each 10s. Secretary, at £.1. 10*. a Day For Clerks to Ditto -Postage for Ditto -

£. d. 3,457 10 — 691 10 — 172 17 6

2,074 10 518 12 172 17

691 10 — 172 17 6

691 10 — 172 17 6

691 10 — 172 17 6

821 5 3A5o —

FoOr Major Generals, at £.2. a day each

One Aide de Camp to each, at 10s. a Day each

Three Brigadier Generals, at £.1. 105. a day each Due Adjutant General, - - 3. os. a day -

Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks -^ePl’ty Adjutant General, at £.1. a day. -Allowance in lieu of Contingent Expences

2,920-----

730 -

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d. 4,321 17 G 3457 10 —

4>3*i 17

345 15 345 15 345 15 345 15 691 10 1,894 10 691 10 518 12 864 7

345 15 172 17 172 17 172 17 172 17 172 17

2,766-----

3,650-----

730-----

547 10 —

8lO l6 11 115

80-----

1,095-----

529 2—12

365-----

158 14 7 23

864 7 172 17 172 17 172 17 86 8 172 17 172 17

6

6

6

6

9

6

6

864 7 6 172 17 6

864 7 6 172 17 6

691 10 — 432 3 9 1,901 12 6

864 7 6

691 10 —

3°>59* !5 5

4471 5

35,003

5,818 6 11

3,650 — — 1,642 10 —

2,147 16 7a».<

43 Geo. IIL Appendix. 713

Particulars of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, &c.—continued.

Charge for 365 Days.

I It E LAND—continued. £ s- £ '• d.

One Quarter-mailer General, at £.3. a day - ----- 1,095 — —

Allowance to Ditto, for examining the Forage Accompts of the Army - - 211 12 9T94 1

Ditto - - - for examining the Baggage Accompts of the Army - 211 12 9791 1

Ditto - - - for Clerks - - . - 392 17 — 711

Expences for Coals and Candles for the Office ----- 42 6 6 7jo

Allowance for Pottage of Letters ——

bejmty Quarter-matter General, at/*. 1. a day ----- 365 —

Allowance to Ditto, in lieu of Contingent Expences ----- »58 H 7 sea 2,557 3 itsti

One Major of Brigade in Dublin, at lOf. a day ----- 182 10 — ,

/ 42 6 6 794 224 16 6

Three Majors of Brigade, at 10 s. a day, each - ----- 547 »o —

Tw o Inspectors of Clouthing, at £ l- a day, each ----- 730 17,318 3 11 »QS

MtDICAL BOARD, tfiul MEDICAL STAFF:

* Two Joint Physicians General, each, at 10$. a day 1 - - - - 365

Surgeon General ----- at 2on. - - 365

912 10 —

Secretary - 60

Ten Staff Surgeons - - - - 15^ - 1 Allowance to Ditto, in lieu of Forage for Dittrid Staff Medical Duty, heretofore elrimated by the Commissary General, and paid by that Department, at 3of. 4 c/. per > 2,737 10 —

diem, each - - - 608 6 8

'Two Stall Apothecaries, at io.s. each, per diem -

Allowance to Ditto, in lieu of Forage, as above, each 3*. 4 c?. a day - - 121 13 4

Thirteen Hospital Mates, at 7*. 6d. per diem, each ----- - - - 1,779 7 6

Rent of Board Room, and Offices * ' 91

Printing and Stationary - , - - - - loo — —

Poffage k . - »2 I5 —

Coals and Candles for Board Room, and Offices - -- - 17 1 3

Contingencies - -- - - m m m 50 — —

Poundage, llospital, and Pells m m , 442 — 11

Totat - - <■ - - 25,355 9 8 4*«

Which Sum of/.25,355. B. 8 424. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - - 23,405 — 5

Staff in Great Britain* &c. brought forward - * - 35,063 — 5

Total - * * £ 58,468 — 10

Append!

(No. 3.

1° Decemb,

continued

9 N. B. The above are the Allowances to the Physicians and Surgeon General, as Members of the Medical Board* exclusive of their Pay under the Patents appointing them to those Offices, which is included in the Mutter* mailer General's Estimate.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India; from the ‘25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 days.

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

1 t }

The 8th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Sir Robert Laurie's: £ s. d. £ *• d.

Pay - 704 - - 27,750 4 —

3,389 19 6

449 16 3

Allowances to the Captains, Pay matter, and Riding-matter - - - - I- 00

£ 32,372 3 9

19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's, the ferae 704 - 32,372 3 9

25th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Gwyn s - - * the same 704 - 32,372 3 9

27th Ditto - - Major General Loftus's - - - - the same - 576 - 27,104 5 10

29th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Vyfe s - - - the same 576 - * 27,104 5 10 '

r 3,264 151,325 2 i»

Carried forward * t - - 3,264 * ' £ *5»,325 a 1*

Digjjizpd

Vol. 58,

714

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

0 DecembriSy continued.

Estimate of the Charge of Five Regiments of Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, &c. continued.

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Pi&on's:

Pay ...... -

Cloathing -

Agency ......

Allowances to the Captains and Pay mailer

19th Regiment of Foot, Lieutenant General Ilulfe's,

Ditto - - Lieut. General Simcoe's - -

33d Ditto - - Marquis Cornwallis’s - -

34th Ditto - - Lord Southampton's -

5ill Ditto - - Lieut. General Morlhead’s -

65th Ditto - - Lieut. General Stevens's

73d Ditto - - Lieut. General Harris’s - -

74th Ditto - - Lord Hutchinson’s -

75th Ditto - - Sir Robert Abercromby’s

76th Ditto - - Sir Tho* Musgrave’s -

77th Ditto - - Lieut. General Marsh’s - -

78th Ditto - - Major General Mackenzie’s

80th Ditto - - General Lake’s ——

84th Ditto - - Major General Bernard’s

86th Ditto - - Lieut. General Grinfield’s -

Scotch Brigade - Lieut. General Francis Dundas’s, the fame

War-Office, 7 20th November 1802. j

Num hers. C l»ar ge per

> (

1 £■ 6. d.

ird - - 3.264

M50 - 17,306 11 5

3,291 12 10

- - - - - 286 l 10

5 — -

2 1,607 11 l

the fame _ 1,150 - 21,607 11 l

the lame - 1,150 - 21,607 11 1

the lame - - 1,150 - 21,607 11 l

the fame - - 1,150 21,607 11 l

the lame * - - 1,150 - 21,007 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,607 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,607 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,007 11 1

the fame _ - 1,150 - 21,607 11 1

the kune - - 1,150 - 21,007 11 1

the lame - - 1,150 - •21,607 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,007 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,607 11 1

the lame - - 1,150, - 21,6o7 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - 21,007 11 1

the fame - - 1,150 - - 2 1,607 11 1

10,55°

• ►j *■* 0 - - - - •22,814 -

£■ *. d.

15>>325

367.32s s 5

518/353 11 4

C. M

Memorandum.—Ihe Exponce of His Majesty’s Forces forcing in the East Indies, is declared by Law to be payable out of tile Revenues of the Fall India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Companies of the said Regiments, employed in Great Britain.—This Charge, amounting to £■ 28,632. 17. ieparute Lltimate.

8. is hated in a

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, fiationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

The 8th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Sir Robert Lawrie’s; One Troop:

, Pay - - ‘ - ......

Cloathing ——

Agency -

Allowances to the Captain, Pay matter, and Riding-malter -

19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Vifcrmnt Ilowe’s, the fame 25th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Gwyn’s - - - the lame

27th Ditto - - Major General Loftus’s - - - - the fame

29th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Vyfe’s - - - the fame

The 1.2th Regiment of Foot, General Picton’s; One Company:

Pay ......

Cloathing -

Agency ......

Allowance to the Captain - ......

Numbers.

14

lQth Regimen 22d Ditto -33d Ditto -34th Ditto -5ill Ditto -65 th Ditto -7.3d Ditto -74th Ditto -75th Ditto -76th Ditto -77th Ditto -78th Ditto -80th Ditto -84th Ditto -86th Ditto -

Scotch Brigade

War-Office, 7

29th November i8q<2. J

of

Foot, Lieut. General Ilulfe’s - -Lieut. General Simcoe’s - - -Marquis Cornwallis's ——

Lord Southampton's - - - -Lieut. General Mori head's - -

Lieut. General Stevens’s -

Lieut. General Harris’s -

Lord llutchinfon’s - - - - -Sir Robert Aberc.romby’s - - -Sir Thomas Mulgrave’s - - -Lieut. General Marsh’s - - -Major General Mackenzie's - -General Lake’s -

Major General Bernard’s - - -Lieut. General Grinfield’s -

Lieut. General Francis Dundas's

- the fame - _ 28

- the lame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the lkme - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - _ 28

- the fame - - 28

- the fame - - 28

• the fame - - 2S

Total

H

H

H

H

28

Charge per Annum.

476

< £■ s. d.

1,31s 11 3

84 7 6

3* 14 —

55 16 —

L491 0 00

MPi 8 9

1,491 8 9

1,491 8 9

1,491 8 9

1,041 15 5

148 6 5

17 5 9

3s 5 —

1,245 12 7

1 ,‘24-5 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

l ,2 4 5 12 7

1,245 12 7

1,245 12 7

d.

7,457 3 9

546

21,175 13 11

28,632 17 8

C. Yorke.

* L-o ?le

Appendix

715

43 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; from the 25th December 1802

to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

• IN GREAT BRITAIN, &c. Recruiting and Contingencies; upon Account ----- Charge for 365 Days.

Irish. £■ s- d-80,000 — —

IN IRELAND! Recruiting and Contingencies; upon Account -

* Which Sum of £. 101,119. 15* Irish, amounts, in British Money, to 93.341 7 —

Total - - - £• i73.3+i 7 —

War Office, 7 f 29th November 1802. J ' C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, mid Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c.

Fees at the Exchequer ——

For the Allowance to the Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. - ,

For the Allowance to the Commissary General of the Mullers, his Deputy and Clerks, and for Reduced Commissaries Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, iScc. - - - -

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army ——

Commissary General of Stores and Provisions, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. -

Charge for 365 Days.

f. s. d.

- 18,507 j6 9

50,890 11 8

- «3>954 * 6

- 4>19* 4 7

- 4,209 5 9

8,302

- 4,963 10 —

£■ 120,719 11 3

IN IRELAND:

Muster-masser General, and his Deputies -----Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, &c. -

Physician General -

Surgeon General ——

Provost Manhal, and Contingencies -

Agent for the Transmission of Deserters -

Town Major of Dublin, and Deputy -

Secretary and Accountant to the Board of General Officers Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army, Ins Deputy, Clerks, &c.

For certain Miscellaneous Services -

Irish.

/. 1,640 12 6

1,230-----

3^5-----

3^5-----

560 10 1

100-----

747 7

495 16 5

1,798 18 10 55 id 5

* £• 7>359 10

# Which Sum of £. 7,359. 10. 10. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - -

6,793 8 6

Total

127,512 19 9

War Office, 7 29th November 1802.3

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be mode to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Increased Rates of Subfiffence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; upon Account

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small Beer ——

IN IRELAND:

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land,

Forces, for Small Beer; upon Account - -- -- - ^.39,815 8 4

For an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, while on a March - 9*633 8 —

*£• 49,44^ 16 4

Charge for 365 Days.

s. d. 110,000-----

45,000-----

155>oooo-----

* Which Sum of £. 49,448. 16. 4. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total

- D

45,645 1 200,645 1

3

3

War Office,

29th November 1802

j

C. Torke,

Append (No. 3

j° Decerni

continua K________

716

Appendix.

A. 1802.

\ppendix.

(K \ ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of Ills Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; '‘IN0‘ 3"' from 25th December 180a to 84th December 1803, both incluHve; being 365 Days.

Decembris,

continued.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For Reduced Officers of His Majest/s Forces --*■•* ......

IN IRELAND: Iri(hi

For Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces upon Half Pay, including the

Charge for retired Chaplains . - £-60,248 11

Which Sum of £» 66,248* 9* Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total - -

Charge for 365 Days.

£• s. d.

297*000 — —

61,152 10 11

358,152 10 11

War Office, 1 29th November 1802. 3

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces; from 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

.-----——- Charge

for 365 Days.

£ «. d.

46,000-----

6,000-----

War Office,

29th November 1802.

Total

52,000 —

C. Torke.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces Allowances to Officers of Ditto

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Halp Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General; from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade

War Office, 1 29th November 1802.3

' Charge for 365 Days.

- £■ *■ 1,000

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Numbers.

48 Widows of

33 - - * -23 ——

196 ——

241 -

* 201 * -

9 - - - -38 - - . 2 - - - -1 ——

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

Rank of their late Iiufbunds.

Colonels -

Lieutenant Colonels - -

Majors -

Captains and Paymasters Lieutenants and Surgeons Second Lieutenants, &c. -

Physiciaus and Purveyors ——

Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates Assistunt Commissaries of Stores -- - Ditto -

Rate of Pension.

- 50 - - 1,650

40 920

- 30 - - 5,880

- 26 - - 6,266

- 20 - - 4,02°

- 30 - 270

- l6 - - 608

- 26 - - 52

- - 20

792

The Amount of i2r/. in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated - £. 1,176 6 —

Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per annum - - - - 100-----

From which deduct the following Sums already provided; viz.

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons - -- - - £. 2,766-----

On Ditto - - for the Marine Corps - -- -- 1,152 10 —

Remains to be provided for - - - £.

* ^ie <lox Widows above-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter-masters,

Assistant Surgeons, and Veterinary Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the fame Rate as that of a Second Lieutenant’s u idow.

IN IRELAND:

Allowances to the A\ idows of Commissioned and Warranted Officers, and Expences attending the fame, * £. 6,500

* Which Sum of £. 6,500. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total - - - - £.

War Office,

war Unice, 1

29th November 1802^3

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

3,840-----

23,5-G-----

1,276 6 —

24,802 6

3,018 10 20,883 16

6,000-----

26,883 16 —

C. T

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

717

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th December

180*2 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Charge for 365 Days.

‘ IN GREAT BRITAIN: Tor an Allowance in lieu of Pay, Ac. to Volunteer Corps of Cavalry; upon Account - £. s. d. 15,000 — —

For providing Cloathing and Appointments for the said Corps; upon Account - - 25,000

£- 40,000 —-

IN IRELAND: For the Pay of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry - -- - Irish. £. 25,225

For Ditto - of Volunteer Corps of Infantry - - .-Incidental Expellees attending the Maintenance of the said Corps - - 24,375 - 14,500

/ * Which Sum of £.64,100. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to * £■ 64.100 59,169 + 8

Total * l£ 99.169 4 8

War Office, > 29th November 1802. I

C. Yo

-Apneni

(No.;

1® Die a

con turn

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th of December 1802 to the 24th of December 1803, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

Coals and Candles

Bedding and Furniture - -

Barrack-mailer's Expenditures for Utensils, Straw, Brooms, Salaries, &c. -Rents - ......

Lodging Money

Allowance to Governors, &c. -

Barrack Office Establilliment - - - - ' * «-

Contingencies - v * .

Buildings -

Hospitals -

Repairs and Alterations ——

Artificers Shops in the several Barracks -

Fees to be paid at the War Office -

IN IRELAND:

Firing and Candle for the Troops

Regimental Officers Lodging Money

General Officers, and Staff Ditto -

Lodging of Privates, and Stabling for Cavalry

Small Utensil Money -

Straw for the Troops -

Regimental Hospital Ex peaces

For building new Barracks -

~ f Permanent Barracks

Repairs - - J

I Temporary Barracks

_ . f Permanent Barracks

Rents of - - J

Temporary Barracks Bedding and Furniture -Barrack Officers Salaries -

Barrack-mailers Salaries -

Irish,

£.45,848-----

- l2,oooo-----

* 2,758 — 6

13.500 —

Contingencies

1,204 3 6

5,197 10 —

3.000 -

95,297 6 8

15.000 -

5.000 -

2.000 -

7.000 — —

7,031-----

7,251 16 1

11.000 -

5.000 -

*£.238,087 16 9 * V hich Sum of £.238,087. 16. 9. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total - - - - £.

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

78,510-----

11,000-----

.53,648-----

6,933 -

7,000-----

3,206 — —

11,004 --- —

5,043 -

29,400 -----'

19,33 O-----

49,792-----

15,750-----*

3,051-----

293,667 —

219,773 7 1 o

513,44° 7 io

War Office, \ 29th November 1802. 3

Vo 1.58.

51 TT

C. Yorke.

:e.

718,

Appendix

A. 1802

\ppendix, (No. 3.)

Decembris,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in Ills Majesty's Service; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803,

both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Charge

of Four Regiments of Infantry (MeGron, Roll, Queen's Germans, and Watteville) of Two Regiments of Infantry; Dillon, and Chatleurs Britanniques, for Six Months of Two Companies of Foreign Invalids -

of Allowance to Officers in lieu of Half Pay - - . -

of Allowances to Aged and Wounded Officers, Officers Widows, and Children -of Recruiting Service ——

of Contingencies ——

Numbers.

Amount.

3472

1,036

260

95.7*4 9 4 26,284 10 •— 94*5 4 11 *7, H4-----

5,035 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

Deduct, the Charge of Meuron's Regiment, which is to be defrayed by the East India Company

Total -

183,603

*3,931

5,168

159,672

4 3

2 4

1 11

War Office,

29th November 1802.

C. Torke,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for Ills Majesty's Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24U1 December 1803, both inclusive.

General Hospital Expences, including all Contingencies, chargeable in the Accompt of the Director General of Hospitals -

Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals ...... -

Bedheads and Bedding for Ditto ——

For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers -

£• *. d.

9.000 —

5.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

20,000-----

War Office,

29th November 1802.

• Which Sum of £■ 20,000. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

18,461 10 10

C. Torke.

Appendix,

' (No. 4.)

b Decembris,

An ACCOUNT, ffiewing the Amount of EXCHEQUER BILLS issued per Ad 42 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for raising " the Sum of One Million Fiv* hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britajln, for the " Year one thousand eight hundred and three/' outstanding, and unprovided for.

One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ill December 1802.

N. Vansittart.

•Appendix,

| (No. 5 )

3° Decembris,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE, for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the Year 1803:—Also, of the said Charge in Ireland, for the said Year.-*-Land Service.

LAND SERVICE.

Tower

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the £. s. d.

rr. 23,317 15 6

And at the following Places; viz.

Royal Laboratory at Woolwich - - - - 2,330 2 6

Inspector of Artillery at D° - -- -- - 2,466 —

Royal Military llepository at D° - -

Greenwich, Windlbr, Hampton Court, and St. James's - -Woolwich - -

Pin-fleet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Chatham ——

Up nor Castle -

Sheerness ——

Dover ——

Feverfliam ——

Waltham Abbey -

Portsmouth -

Priddylbard - -

Tipner Point -

Plymouth -

Keyham Point

Scilly IQand, Cliefter and Liverpool, Isle of Man, Carlisle, Berwick, tie and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, Landguard Fort and Har-Scarborough Castle

Guernsey

Storekeepers at

iveynam ^oint - -

f Pendennis Castle, Scil - < Tinmouth Castle ai £ wich, and Scarboo

if

38*2 10 —

226-----

1,432-----

945 2 6

440 -

1,090 15 —

250-----

610-----

200-----

903 17 6

813 17 6

i,33 17 6

503 17 6

220-----

1,183 17 6 320-----

1,040 7 6

615 10 — 615 10 —

-----v,. lu iwmry vsmeurs on rue auove rmauiimments; citimated, per ann. at - 2,711 15 2

of Land and Houses ...... 5 30 2 9

J erfey — _ — — — ■*’ *’

Gratuities for length of Service to sundry Officers on the above Establilliments; estimated, Rent for txfe of I uni! nr»A

44,452 18 5

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service - . .,2,226 9 2

Carried forward - - £, j 22,226 9 9

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

719

ORDNANC E-----Ordinary—continued.

say ef Civil Officers, and Artificers, at

Brought forward - - / -

y North Britain - * - - - >

Gibraltar ——

Jamaica

Antigua. ......

St. Chrii top her - -fc---' -

Dominica -

St. Vincent -

Barbadoes ——

Grenada

Trinidad ——

Bahama I Hands ——

Bermuda ——

(Quebec -

Halifax ——

New Bronswick -

St. John’s, Newfoundland ——

Placentia, - Ditto ——

llland of Ceylon -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower ol London; with then* Allowance for Coals and Candles -

Charges incident to the lower, and the several other Ports, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jenry, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Foliage of Letters, and oilier Contingencies -

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages in the several finall Ports, (’altles, Garrisons, and other places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jen’ey ——

Furniihina Beds, Bedheads Sheets, &c. and repairing the lame, at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Koval Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and finall Stores for the common Duty of Regiments, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the l ower

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers for the Lnited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland -Deduct - - for Officers serving in Ireland, and paid there - - '

On Account of the Fav of fhc Royal Regiment of Artillery for the Lnited Kingdom of Great Britnir Ireland, coniilintg of 9,016 Men, Officers included ——

Deduct - - 'ihe Pay of Pour Field Officers, Nine Marching Companies, and One Company of Invalids serving in Ireland, and paid there

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Ilorfe Artillery for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, consistin-oi 14191 Mei;, Officers included, and 592 Riding 1 lories ——

Pay of Surgeons on the Medical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance -Deduct - «* The Pay of Surgeons lervitig in Ireland, and paid there -

£•19,840 9 9

750 7 7

I 331*080 *7 2

4°> 7 84 9 IO

(■*9M9 7 4

69,501 14 2

4,524 15 8

• 677 1 6

- -

22,22 6 9 2

43 15 2,172 17 6

690-----

9°9-----

909-----

1K>9-----

909 — —

909 -

909-----

909-----

290-----

200-----

085-----

845 10 — 701 2 6

822 15 —

146-----

M387-----

4,814 7 6 18,000 ——

15,000 -

3.000 -

6.000 — -—

2.000 -

19,090 2 2

Appcnc (No. 5 30 Decern

cant hive

Ellabl ill linen t of the Civil Officers, Prolcffior*, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of a Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen -

Pav 01 Superannuated and Disabled Men, Ilali-pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to Ills Majesty’s Warrants

Sums to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £. 637,947. 12. 7. being the amount of this intimate ——

Ordinary

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1803.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of the Fortifications, Artillery Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies 3,000_____

On Account, for erecting Barracks, an llolpital, and other Buildings - 000_____

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - ^00_____

For Current Service, and Contingencies - For Current Service, and Contingencies - For Current Service, and Contingencies - For Current Service, and Contingencies - For Current Service^ and Contingencies -Imr Current Service, and Contingencies -lor Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

r TJ ST. CHRISTOPHER:

roi Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

N 1: W B R U N SWICK: QUEBEC:

B E RMUDA: BAHAMA ISLANDS: JAMAICA:

- - L _ ...

TRINIDAD: ANTIGUA:

j59,798 1 6

3>?47 H

3,598 4 1

4,033 5 — 23*404 7 ® 1,092 8 6

501,151 19 7

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

DOMINICA:

BARBADOES:

£• *• d*

3,500 — —

5,600-----

500-----

1.000 -

500-----

2,500-----

2.000 -

6.000 —

3.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

7.000 — —

Carried forward

£$^00 -

720

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 5.)

Decembris, continued.

ORDNANCE-

-E x t u a o n d 1 n a r IeS; l 8 o 3—contiiiued.

Brought forward -

ST VINCENT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

GRENADA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - . " ......

Pav of a Company of Royal MihTary Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general ——

On Account of the Pav of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majestys Forces in the captured Blands and Settlements in the West Indies, until the restoration of the fame; alto, on account of Contingencies -

GIBRALTAR:

5.244 7 6 ‘2,286 12 3

7.519 3

2,79 -

1,098 12 — 1,081 12 —

2,400-----

1,404 16 8

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers ......

Forace for the Cattle employed on the Works ",’r" ......

Towards the necessary Repairs and improvements «>l the Works - -

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines

Contingencies in the Engineers Department - ......

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeepers Departments.........

MOROCCO:

Eor Brass Ordnance and Stores, font as a Present to the Emperor - -

NEW SOUTH WALES:

For Iron Ordnance, and Stores ......

ISLAND OF CEYLON:

Eor Current Service, and Contingencies - - - ......

JERSEY:

For Repairs, and Contingencies - - - *y ......

Pay ol Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers "

GUERN S E Y:

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George, and other places in the Island -

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Arthicers -

ISLE OF MAN:

For Repairs, and Current Service ......

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NORTH EAST DISTRICT:

For Repairs, Current Sen ice, and Contingencies ...... * - 1 ‘

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ...... - -

CINQUE P O RT S:

For Works and Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies; also, for Repairs on the Coast of Sutfex * J

CHATHAM:

For Repairs at Chatham, Gillingham, Upnor Castle, and Cockhamwood Fort, Current Service, and

Contingencies - -- -- -- - 3.200-----

400-----

...... 2,809 13 5

3.900 -

1,404 16 8

For Repairs of the Lines -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

SII FERN ESS:

For Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies - . -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works and Buildings ......

FEVERS II AM:

For Repairs of the Buildings, and to erect a Magazine -

"PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various places in the Division Towards completing Cumberland Fort ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GOSPORT:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks and the Lines; also, for erecting Fences -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

5,700-----

4,500-----

2,809 13 5

2,700-----

2,809 13 5

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Bland, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and

St. Maw's Cattles, and at Scilly Bland; Current Service, and Contingencies ----- 500-----

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- -- - 2,809 13 5

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters ----- 5,000-----

Towards erecting Field Officers Quarters; also, for rebuilding Storehouses, Workliions, the Royal Military

Kepolitory, and towards replacing 'l imber denjoyed by the late Fire ----- 30,000 — —

Pay oi a Company of Itoyal Military Artificers - -- -- - 2,800 13 5

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers ——

WALTHAM ABBEY:

Towards restoring such of the Buildings and Works i<»r tire Manufacture of Gunpowder, as have been either damaged destroyed by the late Explolions; also, for the Ordinary Repairs -

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS, &c.:

For Contingencies of Artillery

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal I Iorfe Artillery ——

On Account of the Allowance in lieu of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain - - - 1 -

On Account, for the Extra Brice of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioncdOfticers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain

0,000

3,000

lay ot a ( ompany of German Artillery, in the Sendee of Great Britain, conliftimr of 100 Men, Office Included J ’

5,000-----

10,000 -

ii Account of the Pay of a Corps of Gunner Drivers attached to the Royal Artillery*

11 tae I nited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland -

Deduct - - flhe Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and paid there

0 y.;kr *he rorage, Hire, and supply of Draught Horses attached to the Artillery, and employed in Harm-la at tlle ^n-eral Stations in Great Britain; also, for the supply of Waggons, Carts,

minds, and other Stores; and for Contingencies - - ' . _ _ . ’

37>3-° 9 9 10,126 9 4

1.755 6 11

27.194

50,000-----

Carried forward

igltizeci by

Goa

£ 8. d.

37,600 — —

7.000 -

7.000 -

1,876 18 9

15,000 — —

20,000 — «—1 1,064 8 4

5^6 17 2

4,000-----

3,804 16 8

5.304 16 8 200 —■ — 7,ood — —* 200 —* —1

1,200 -

6,6oo — —'

6,409 13 5

2,260 -

2,080-----

4,000-----

13.009 13 5 5.509 13 5

3*3°9 13 5

37>So9 13 5

4.000 —

8.000 —

105,949 7

010,75512 —

(5

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

721

ORDNANCE-----Extraordinaries, 1803—continued.

Brought forward -

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

On Account Df the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain -

Extraordinaries Ordinary -Ordinary and Extraordinaries, 1803 )Dedu6t * - The Amount of Funds of former Years, to be applied for Sendee of the year 1803

Total - - for Great Britain -

FOR SERVICE IN IRELAND:

*On Account for the Civil and Military Expences of the Ordnance, in that part of the United Kingdom,

f6r the) ear 1803 ----- - Irish Money - 16*2,500 —

Being in Sterling --

Append

£■ *• d-310,755 * —

5,000-----

315,755 10 — 501,151 19 7

816,907 11 7

178>959 19 —

637,947 1* 7

Total - - for the United Kingdom

150,000 ---

787,947 12 7

OfTW of Ordnance, 7 3d Dec. 180*2. )

Howe-.

A. Ross.

IV. IV. Pole.

Append!

ABSTRACT of the ACCOUNTS of the Commissioners for the Northern Lighthouses, for the year ended 5 th July 1802. (No. 6.

1801. £■ d- £. *■ d.

July. To Stock in 3-per-Cont. Consols - - - 20,000 l8d. Balance due to the Commissioners - - - 58 16 6

July. By the Price and Charges of £. 2000 Stock 1,383

Nov. 13. To more Stock - -- -- 2,000 By the Price of Oil ----- 780

By Calli expended in considerable Repairs,

To Dividends received ----- C30 * Freight of a Ship, and Salaries to Keepers,

Engineer, Clerk, and Cashier - - - - 1,983 19 3

To lute rest from Bankers ----- 8 14 7 Balance due by the Commissioners to be

1802. charged against them in next Account - 819 6 3

July 5. To Duties received ----- 4,386 7 5 By Stock, as charged ----- 22,000

£■ ♦27,025 * — £■ 27,025 2 —

6° Decetni

Edinburgh, 13th July 1802.—That the foregoing State is a just and true Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners appointed

by Acts of Parliament, for erecting Lightlioufes upon the Northern Parts of Great Britain, for the year ending the 5th Instant, is certified by us, a Quorum of said Commissioners:

JVm Fettes, Lord Provost of Edinbro'.

Neil Macvicary ill Baillie of E<imr.

John Hamilton, Lord Provoll of Glasgow.

R. HamiIt on, Sheriff of Lanerkshire.

Ja. Hadden, ProvoR of Aberdeen.

•An ACCOUNT of all Bounties on CORN and RICE Imported into Scotland, from ill January 1801 to 5th July 1802;

being the latell period to which the fame can be made up.

' £. s. d.

Amount of Bounties paid 17°>4°9 ll 3?

Custom-Houfo, Edinburgh, 13th July 1802.

J. Hamilton, D. R. G.

Vol. 58.

8 X

jo<2

Appendix.

A. 1802, "G

• Appendix,

(No. 7.)

•6° Decemms.

An x\CCO U X T the Net Produce of all the P E R M A N E N T T A X ES,

itJ

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducing £. 116.676. 5. 8. In Act 37 Geo. III. cup. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A° 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on account of the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar - - "

QUARANTINE DUTY - ......

/.4-J-PER CEXTUtf ......

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES - -

‘ J3y Ad 34 Geo. III. cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper A° 1794? in lieu of Duties then repealed; at Rrferved £. 75,000 per annum - 7 - - 7

By - - D°---caj). 33. out of D° on Spirit Licences

- A°1794; in lieu of D°; at £. 36,000 per annuiii -

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES ......

Compoliiims for Stamps per Bank - - - ~ -

Medicine Duty, by Act 42 Geo. ill.

f By A,‘d 33 Geo. III. cup. 28. out of Stamp Duty on 'Bills ttud Receipts, A° 1793, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 1^8,600 per annum -By Act 30 Gem HI. cap. 125. out of D° on Ilats, Rtferved - A° 1700, at £.0479. pnr -

By - - i)°-----cap. 52. out of D° on Legacies,

A0 1706, at £. 41,079 per D° -Bv — D° - — - cap. 19. out of D° on Deeds, A0

- " 1797> ^£.156,605 per D° -

INCIDENTS:

lU-served, by Act 37 C.o. I IT. caj>. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the year 1795 -

D° - - - out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 374,220 per annum, by Ad 39 Geo. 111. Cap. 65.

Houses and Windows, 1798, at £-327,900 per annum -

D° - on account of Commutation Duty, at £.515,000 per annum

PeLrved, from J Julies cordoli-dated by Ad 38 Geo. IIIJ cap. 40. & 41. in lieu of Duties then repealed; out of -

■vixuies ‘Voters -hut of Alum Mines /ouipoiitions -Mieuation Duty >i/.-per-Lib. on lVniions ' 1 s. - I)° - on Salaries I lciwkers and Pedlars

Inhabited Houses, 1798, at £. 148,600 per annum Male Servants, at £. 93,000 per annum Ruling J lories, at £. 106,000 per annum -l our and 'rwo-wheeied Carriages, at £. 200,000 . per annum -

lackney Coaches and Chairs, A0 1711 and 17S4 lent of a Lighthouse -cences

s of the Cleri - D° -( Waggons

\ Female Servants -

ottery Licences -int Ei nits of the Clergy - -

I'enths-----D® -

\rrears of<

I '

DUTIES TRO Ax NO 1793:

Lit!ill Spirits, A° 1791 r 1 ......

• ame Duty -

, mrplus ot Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid

lef<-rv<-d out of Duties consol* A" 1798, i, !ieu of io.-per-Cont. ' 1791, then repealed ...... ~ .

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

sugars, Ac 1791 ......

ror»*igu Spirits -

-rinib - Do . l7p4 ’ ’ ] . ] [

‘/orei^n - D° - I

.dais -

'h icks and Tiles (Customs) ......

*)(> ~ ' * (Excite) -

iL'.prr (Culionis) -

!\ { 1 ebrving the Average Produce as aforesaid

slaves and Stones -

Auorules Articles -

* In the Q L A RT E II S EmcEd In the YEAR

Ended

f - —7- )

5th January 1S01; 5U1 April 1801; 5til July 1801; 10th October 1801; 10th October 1801.

£■ >• £■ s- d. £■ £. s. £■ s. I

590,540 1 1 272,804 15 ill 400,5H 5 5 i 613,317 5 7 2 J,877,173 8 i{

3,264 6 1 2;OC2 6 1 7,084 1 9 652 16 4 13,"°3 10 S J

U457,987 1,369,784 1,568,174 1',3S8>317 5,734,262

18,750 18,750 18,750 18,750 75,000

U500 500 2,000

347>372 2l8,106 14 9 237>*°3 253,091 1,056,672 14 9

- 6,000 6,000 — — 1 2,000

32,150 32,150 32,150 32,150 128,600

2.36017 9 ‘^369 17 9 2,369 17 6 2,369 17 9 9479 n —

10,26915 — 10,269 15 — 10,260 15 — 10,269 15 — 41,079

39.L51 5 — 30,151 5 — 30,151 5 — 30,151 5 — 156,605

‘<1,503.3.5+ 4 11 1,971,38s 14 6 A| 2,310/063 5 2,315,46S 19 8 I 0,105,87-, 4 2

102,639 — 102,639 — 102,639 — 102,639 410,556 —

93,555 93,555 93,555 — 93 <5 55 374,220 —

8i,975 81,975 — 81,975 — 81,975 — 327,900 —

HUUH u 5 J 128.750 — 128,750 — 81,562 11 6£ 480,197 3 —j i

37,15° .37. i.-,o — 57,150 374 50 148,600;

23,250 ■25,250 •z;,250 21,496 10 3^ 91,240 10 34 (

26,500 26,500 20,500 26,500 100,000

63,516 6 10 A 26,(185 3 5 j 78,150 11 7 30,48419 7 5 198,837 1 7? i

12,231 12 11 i7>33 4 9 -i 20,803 5 a j 20,468 7 2 $ 70,839 10 21 j

11 *3 i 4 17 1 248 335 9 — 509 19 *2 j

- 480 " 4S0 —- — 960 1

1 3 4 - - — 10 — 1 13 4

- 3,119 18 8 - 3,119 lS 8 ! 46,864 6 10 J

14,864 6 lu 9,000 11,000 12,000

9,909 6 2 6,000 — — 7,000 — — 8,000 30,009 6 2 j

1,565 16 3 500 — — 1»74° 1.450 5,25516 3

6,500 — - — 4,000 — — 6,500 7,911 10 11 24,911 10 11

6134 - - 6 13 4

1,118 15 9 - - 1,118 15 9

- 2,626 16 5 \ - 2,626 16 5-J

- - 9,86515 3.1 - 9,865 15 3i

- - . 1 11 3 1 11 3

615,922 12 8 J 557,831 18 8 1 634,873 7 3 526,011 9 10 A 2,334,639 8 oi

5,426 — — 26,170 10,383 4,563 — 55,542

10,065 — 1,926 14 1 941 4,042 — 22,974 14 1

31,006 — 10,109 — 9 4h2°5 26,961 — 112,281 — 9

25,553 5 s i 22,697 10 — 27,697 10 — 15,365 — 01,313 5 si;

78,°5o 5 5 i 60,903 4 10 - 92,226 10 — 50,931 282,1 11 3;2

13 IO 2 1 ‘13 10 2

52,669 4^-384 — 49,675 — 57,662 — 204,390

•5,452 24.925 — 20,500 — — 4-655 — 5 5 * N 3 2 ‘ 1

5°,777 53,272 — 45*830 59,434 200.513

10,626 , 13,137 — 11435 13,372 48470 ~ Ti; 5 2 5 i

— 13 111 1 a 9 4 ? , * 19 1 A

28,180 2 5 5 4 7 6-543 1,221 11 8 I 1,679 — —; 235 11 2 26.368 248 1 3 62,770 — " 1,000 8 Si,

28,041 25,460 ‘ 22-770 48,704 124470 — " 14,113 M 10 - ,

2,865 10 8 1,256 16 10 J ! 3-983 — IO (1,008 6 6

5.8?° 4425 5 4 6,()04 4,216 21,375 5 4

r 184,749 19 4 174,737 3 3 16^,571 12 j 220,669 6 10 A 742.7.8JJ^'

■vjOLi

•;\y r \

,:s

;rr

lh

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

for the Years ending the 10th of October-1801 and 1802 respectively; distinguishing taeh Quarter.

Appendix,

(No- 7 )

6° Decembris.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducing £. 116,676. 5. 8.

by Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A° 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on account of the deduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar ——

QUARANTINE DUTY- ......

£4-J-PER CENTUM - - - - " -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES ......

By, Act 34 Geo. III. cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper A0 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at Referred-^ £.75,000 per annum -

By - - D° - - - cap. 33. out ot D° on Spirit Licences . A0 1794> "1 Leu of D°, at £.36,000 per annum -

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES ——

Compositions for Stamps per Bank -Medicine Duty, by Act 42 Geo. III.

f By Act 33 Geo. III. can. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A° 1703, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.128,600 per annum -By Act 36 Geo. III. cap. 125. out of D° on Ilats, A° 1706, at £.9,479. 11 s. per I)0

By - D°-----cap. 52. out of D° on Legacies,

A0 1796, at£.41,079 per D° -

By - - L)°-----cap. 19. out of D° on Deeds, 2V0

*797* at£-15^,605 per D° - -

Referred -

INCIDENTS:

Reserve^ by Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter

Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that

Duty prior to the year 1795 -

D° - - - out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in lieu of Duties then

repealed; at £. 374,220 per annum, by Act 39 Geo. III.

cap. 65. -

Reserved from f1!nules and Windows, 1798, at/.327,900 per

Duties consoli- l l0 " * T '

dated by Ad L)° " on account of C ommutation Duty, at

38 Geoy 111. /.515.000 per annum -

cap Ao & ai ’ Inhabited Houses, 1798, at/. 148,600 per annum in lieu of Duties Male Servants, at/. 93,000 per annum - -

Riding I lories, at £. 106,000 per annum -Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, at £.200,000 per annum -

in lieu of Duties then repealed; out of -

Seizures Prefers

Rent of Alum Mines -

Compositions -

Alienation Duty ——

dd.-per-Lib. on Pensions - -

w. - D° - on Salaries -Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, A0 1711 and 1784

Rent ot a Lighlhoul’e -

Lottery Licences -

Hrli fruits oi the Clergy -leniiis--l)o.

Arrears of DVaSSons ......

£ Female Servants -

DUTIES pro Anno 1793:

Milk Spirits, A0 1791 - ......

Lame Duty ......

Surplus oi Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid ——

Reserved out of Duties consol*1 A° 1798, in lieu of £. lO.-per-Cent. 1791» then repealed -

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

|ugars, A" 1791 ......

'°^ign Spirits ......

5nfish - - 1794 ......

foreign D° -

Llafe

Br>cb and Tiles (Customs) - -

‘ - (Excise), -

Raper (Customs)

- (Excise) after reservine the Average Produce as aforesaid Slates and Stones ——

Attornies Articles ......

In the QUARTERS Ended

f 5 th January 1802; 5th April 1802; 5th July 1802; ) loth October 1802;

£■ d. 5. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d.

~ - 95,470 12 1 81,586 19 0 " - -j* 419,383 18 *4

300 — 4 3*3°5 4 5 348 1 11 555 19 8

1,804 13 11 412 10 10 868 14 Hi 2,198 6 8 I

1,403,633 — — 1,422.511 17 3 i 2,097,580 — — 1?°79*147 — —

18,750 — — 18,750 — — 12,75° — ~ 18,750 —

341,690 4 11 210,962 237,965 251,450

- - 6,000 — — - - 6,000 — —

" " - - m * 6,619 — —

3V5° — — 3^*5° — — 32,15° — 32,150 — —

2,369 17 9 *>3'>9 17 9 17 9 2,369 17 9

10,269 15 — 10,269 15 — 10,269 15 — 10,269 15 —

39DS1 5 — 39,151 5 — 3PD51 5 — 39,151 5 —

1,850,118 16 11 1,850,353 ‘2 4 1 ‘2,5*21,039 13 10 •2,463,045 2 3 i

102,639 — — 102,639 — — 102,639 — — 102,639 — —

93,555 — — 93,555 — — 93,555 — — 93.555 — —

8i,975 — — 81,975 — — 81,075 — — 81,975 — —

175,937- . 8 5l 128,750 — — 128,750 — — 89,819 12 1 i

37D50 — — 37>15 — — 37*150 — — 37*15° — —

25,003 9 ‘^345° — — 23,250 — — ‘23*‘25° — —

26,500 — — 26,500 — — 20,500 — — 26,500 — —

69,515 — 4:1 4‘2W°‘2 18 4} 5 7 *2 D 7 1 s- v / 4 25,8^1 11 5

13,456 7 11 10/233 11 7 I 1/^77 13 10 16,619 10 —

28 H 3 . - 545 — 1 8 13 4

480 — — - - 4S0 — —

— l6 8 — 10 — — 6 8

- - - - 2,341 5 4 - -

11,297 — — 17,000 — — 10,000 — — 15,000 — —

I 1,606 5 -1 6,500 — — 7,000 — — 12,000 — —

614 — — 670 — — 1.785 — — 1,015 — —

5,963 3 5 5,650 — — 5,75° — — , 7>495 13 5 4

- - - - 6 13 4 - -

260 7 4 - -

- - - 2,962 17 2 I - -

- - - - 9*^3 7 10 -

— — — 4 —

6.5 5 *5° 5 16 5-? 577,056 6 7 % 609,868 13 3 533,389 7 1

3,810 26,269 52,842 21,422

16,425 9 7 1,766 — — 2,254 — — 2,682 — —

26,191 — 10,088 — — 19,393 — — 22,712 — —

30,030 — — 17,607 10 — 27,697 10 — 8.697 10 —

76,456 10 1 55*74° 10 — j 102,186 10 — 55,513 10 —

52,785 3,430 — — 6,1,622 26,417 — — 54,825 51,835 — — 68, Sp8 22,661 — —

56,083 — — 53»°73 — — 57,085 — — 68,147 . r* mm O

11,293 — — 14,412 — — 13, *32 — .— i4o/y 0 1

17 18 2 4 1 4 0 7 0 2

29,569 — — 7,674 — — 1,179 — 8 24,892 1 I

23 5 7\ 146 H a -f 232 3 214 *3 6 i

20,470 3>947 7,4*6 9 19 3 11 15,197 1,827 3,950 1° 6 1 5,898 3,866 0.668 17 10 3 8,089 ‘ 6,6 2 8-L,7‘25 15 4 I

185,017 H 184,337 11 9.1 194*7-5 2 1°4 221,739 16

In the YEAR Ended

596,441 9 6

4,509 6 4

5,284 6 4 6,602,871 17 3

75,000-----

1,051,067 4 11

12,000 — — 6,619-----

128,600-----

0,479 11 — 41,079 — — 156,605-----

8,t>Sp,.55<3 15 5

4io.55t>-----

374,220-----,

327,900-----

525.257 — 7

148,600-----

94.753 9 8 i

106,000-----

105.306 11 9, V

58,187 3 4 4, 5»* 7 8

96O-----1

1 *3 4

2,94l 5 4 j!

53,197-----•

37>106 5 —

4,084-----:

24,863 16 10 ^j1 ' <i 13 4 ) 260 7 4

2,962 17 2 i

9,883 7 10

— 4 —

"" 1

-I

2,375.820 3 5 i

104.343 — —

23,127 9 7:

78,504 — 6

84,122 10 — ! 280,8(17 — 1:

238,130-----

104,3.13-----

234/v^-----

534*5-----

28 7 21 C31.314 — —

616 16 10

5°*554-----

16,271 2 — i

24,7591911

X3aogie

785,820 —

( continu

724

Appendix

A. 1802,

! Appendix,

r , (No. 7.) _______

- ' 6° DacembAs,

continued.

: '-----^-----'

Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes,

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

JBritish Spirits ......

Foreign

Wines ......

Sweets - -

Cocoa ......

Stamps ......

Ship Policies -

Hair Powder Certificates - - ......

Receipts -

Fruits ......

Coals ......

Tea ......

Spirit Licehces 7 " "

, Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason of the Restriction in Franking, by Ad 35 Geo. 111. ......

DUTIES Pro Anno 1796:

• Tobacco, Ac. - -

' Ilorfe Dealers Licences -

Wine (Customs) ——

- D° - (Excise) - -

Sweets -

Surplus of Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid D° - - Hats - - - D° - - - D° -

"Horses for Riding, &c. at £. 106,000 per v annum -

I)0 - Husbandry, at £.95,000 per annum Dogs, at £. 70,000 per annum -Duties Consolidated A° 1798, on account of £.10 per Cent. 1796, at £.80,190 per annum -

Computed Anhual Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Waste on

Salt ......

Brought from Confold Customs, £.116,676. 5. 8. the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 40., A 41. in lieu of Confold Duties A® 1796, then i*epeal-ed; out of -

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Topper -

Wrought Plate ——

British Spirits -

Foreign D° ——

Auctions ——

surplus of Deeds, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid I’ocoa -

.'locks, Ac. (Arrears) -

Stage Coaches -

Sugar, Ac. ——

hacks, Ac. ——

Tea -

Spirit Licences (cap. 17.) -

D° - - - (cap. 102.) -

vlcferved out of Confold Letter Moneys by Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. at £.198,408 per annum -

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, after reserving as directed by Act 38 Geo. 1IL cap. 41. ° -

D°

D°

D°

I)°

D°

D°

1;

on Horses for Riding on Horses for Husbandry -on Male Servants - * -on Dogs -

on Hdufes and Windows on Inhabited Houses - -D° of Confold Letter Money, after D°, by Ad 37 Geo III cap. 18. - - - . - . J

;. ao-per-Centi on Assessed TaxCs

D° -D° -D° -D° -D°, can. D°

40. -

DUTIES pro Anno 1798:

Surplus of Confold Duties on Salt, after reserving as directed by Aa 38 Geo. III. cap. 89. * . - . -

Vrmorial Bearings - -

lea

Spirit Licences . v . . ]

DUTIES pro A^no 1799:'

7oflfec and Sugar * - ,

Duty on Small Notes ’

"ompositions for Stamps on D° . " "

’anal and Dock Duty - * . ’

In the QUARTER.S Ended

f 5th January 1801; 5th April 1801; 5th July 1801; I 10th October 1801; Ended loth October 1801.

£. s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. di £■ *■ d.

6,36+ — — 24,527 — — 1 8,01)8 — — 3,316 — — 52,303 _ —

50,723 — — 53,259 — — 47,110 — — 60,205 — — 211,297 — —

103,018 — — 49,790 — — 220,236 — — 152,737 — — 531,781 — —

886 — 1,508 — — 2D77 — — 4,753 — — 9,414 — —

8,062 — — 6,168 — — 4,778 — — 5,686 — — 24,694 — —

8,977 — — 7,789 8 — 10,071 — — 8,811 — — 35,648 8 —

37 >853 — — 30,269 10 11 51,141 — — 42,522 — — 161,785 10 11

12,072 — — 2,316 16 6 35,277 — 31,028 — — 80,693 16 6

2,927 — — 1,635 11 9 1,973 — — 2,602 — — 9,137 11 9

30,021 7 9 17>644 1 11 A 9,284 15 10 23,367 5 8 I 80,317 n 3

‘2,501 9 9* 1,465 — 8 2,778 17 8 7,809 1 3 I *4,554 9 5

57.998 — 67,375 — — 55,673 — — 61,905 — — 242,951 — —

1/250 — — 1,000 1 1 ~ 1,000 3,250 —

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,006 — — 40,000 — —

332.652 17 6 i 274,837 9 9 i 474,597 13 6 415,74, 1 — 1,497,829 7 10

47.632 52,839 37,958 43,677 182,106

566 — — 238 4 6 177 — — 195 — — 1,176 4 6

119,401 10 5 31,870 7 11 I 187,846 17 9 170,584 l 7 509,702 17

- 250 — — 250 — — - - 500 — —

916 — — 1,653 — — 2,243 — — 4,915 — —" 9,727 — —

23.605 5 — 16,192 1 1 22,049 5 — 14,792 5 — 76,698 l6 1

1,350 2 3 8,725 7 3 532 2 3 15,138 2 3 25,745 H —

40,410 2 9 17,558 4 35,441 15 li I 5,970 19 -i 99,381 1 9 1

23.750 — — 23,750 — — 23,750 — — 23,750 — — 95,000 — —

24,124 13 6 i 13,029 10 —— 29,596 13 11 9,375 4 3i 76,126 1 9i

26,095 — — 17,535 12 11 i 27,559 7 -1 12,715 — — 83,905 — —

8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — 32,000 —

29,169 1 5 29,165 1 5 29,165 1 5 29,165 1 5 116,676 5 8

345,079 15 4 J 220,810 9 3 404,573 3 3 I 338,281 13 71 1,308,745 1 61

40,006 10 6 20,561 6 11 27,633 13 43 32,967 2 1 121,168 12 101

1 7 — — 18 - 2 5 —

6,190 — 24.378 — — 20,361 — — 4,681 — — 55,610 — 8

51,205 — — 52,318 — — ' 47,101 — — 59,819 6 8 210,443 6

18,709 — — 17.791 — — 19,960 — — 19,97° — — 76,530 — 8

165,589 15 >— 103,519 4 8 154,064 15 — 169,134 15 — 592,308 9

»,993 — — 2,205 — — 835 — — 1,040 — — 6,073 —

1,000 — — 904 19 2 i 4 13 9 123 11 2.1 2,123 4 54,137 8 2

15,650 — — 10,315 8 9 13449 — — 14,723 — — 9 *1

25,835 6 10 12,309 13 1 i 29,965 16 4 17,937 4 1 1 86,048 1

15,063 — — 3*069 — — 755 — — 15,094 — — 33,981 —

72,364 — — 85*331 — — 60,143 — — 72,525 — — 290,363 —

6,500 — — 3,000 — — - - 2,500 — — 12,000 —

500 — — 500 —

49,602 — — 49,602 — — 99,204 — —

- . 8,139 11 6 8,1.39 11 61

15,321 — 2 £ - 6i,549 10 - - 76,870 10 5 i

67,414 19 6 $ 14*205 4 5 i 73,277 6 2 i 16,663 10 1 J 171,561 — :U - l

12,868 6 6} - - 39,807 15 2l - - 52,676 1

- - 1,712 2 7 3 - - 1,712 2 7 2 31

222,545 — 4 22,250 7 233,426 — 11 } - 478,221 g

19,332 6 44 - 14,268 15 1 i 7D51 — 65 40,752 2 1

63,361 — 85,361 - - . 148,722 — ~7l

5,350 — — - 5,023 15 8 462 6 11 i 10,836' 2

826,299 12 4 457,610 3 u 861,079 15 11 j 484,89317 61 2,620,883 8 ul

123,719 171,716 90,436 60,240 446,111 — _-

10,025 — — 1,022 6 11 844 —’ — 1.668 — — 13,559 6 11

35,984 — — 42,282 — — 28,868 — — 35,946 — — 143.080 — —■

14,250 — — 5,000 — — 3,000 — — 3,500 — — 25,750 —

183,978 — — 220,020 6 11 123,148 — — 101,354 — — 628,500 6 11

43,583 13 8 I 27,020 3 11 I 17,754 5 10 y 47,238 13 1 j i35,5p6 *6 8

4,952 — — 3,937 14 11 3,316 — 3,306 — — 15,511 i4 11

6,000 - - 6,000 — — 12,000 —

4,195 H 11 4,092 12 6 2,336 5 3 I 3,034 12 IO £ 13,659 5 7

58,731 8 71 35,050 11 4l 23,406 11 2 59,579 6 — 176,767 I?

In the YEAR

! Geo.

en*i:

•:^D5 '

'Vl'i ' '

a * * a* •

- &c:es

- b^der CfUiii

■rLcrtth out ul Ci fei-jii Innv.J determined by.\i

I)

:ik - ;>^r> L;cen<

LICJt]

■:fecies. 2 iiiitS -

’d. by Act 3S

4°;:

* -3 i.f-i! ri( '

A0"

"iL'O n-praj-

.:*!• . ^Annual Sj

- r!m Confd having 1 back 01

Di

■-b*

alto;

Urrears)

•it. -

fc;

* * I.Cc

'ap. 1

T-1

■ rH»*n in

" °n ilo;

* ‘ f,n \\r

’ * on Ma

’ * °n Enj

* oil ii(l;

.,-V onlni, •Ul:;1c r

‘ t;

■oa

on Ail,

DU

•‘•Cts

Dr

4-*UiV

W 43 Geo. III.

Appendixj

72 5

'Vt.111

'iCif

' *• c i'5"-!;(* -

3l — -H--.

‘5 !-' i; ,

n\H\\

Ti li j 11

H ? i -ji--

150 —

fertile Years ending the loth of October 1801 and 1802 respectively—continued.

v:^ •;

y 1 r«1

"' n 1 ;j u-

M 1 L.

CO —

i r i

:o-- ii i > 1!

•i :i'

:$ 1

11: 1 1 i: j

5; '

, i

,0 ’•"

0 ^"

1 !*■ <1"

\n 5

DUTII

DUTIES fro Axxo 1795:

British Spirits -Foreign D°

Wines -Sweets

Cocoa - ...... -

Stamps ......

Ship Policies

Hair Powder Certificates -

Receipts - - * -

Fruits ......

Coals -

Tea ——

Spirit Licences ......

Referred out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason of the Restriction in Franking, by Act 35 Geo. 111. * ......

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Tobacco, Sec. - - - -

Horle Dealers Licences -----w-w

Wine (Customs) -

D° - (Excise) ......

Sweets ——

Surplus of Legacies, after referring the Average Produce as aforesaid D° - - Hats - - - D° - - - ir -

I lories for Riding, Sec. at /. 106,000 per annum -D° - Ilulbandry, at/. 95,000 per annum Dogs, at/. 70,000 per annum -Duties Consolidated A° 1798, on account of /. 10 per Cent. 1796, at /. 80,190 per annum -

Computed Annual Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Walle on Salt -

Brought from Confold Ctiuoms, /. 116,676. 5. 8. the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

DUTIES pro Axxo 1797:

Pepper v ......

Wrought Plate ......

British Spirits ——

Foreign D° - - . - ...

Auctions ——

Surplus of Deeds, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid Cocoa -

Clocks, &c. (Arrears) -

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar, Sec ......

Bricks, 6lc ......

Tea ......

spirit Licences (cap. 17.) ——

D° - - - (CHp 102.) - -

Reserved out of Confold Letter Money, by Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 7.

at £• 198,408 per annum ——

urplusoi Consolidated Duties on Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, alter reserving as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. -

- - on Ilorles for Riding - - I)° -

- - on horses for Hufbundry - D° - - -

- - on Male Servants - - - D° - -

- " on Dogs - -- -- - J)° - -

- - on Houses and Windows - I)°, cap. 40. -

- - on Inhabited Homes - - I)0 -

Ad 37 Geo. III.

Refened, by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 40. & 41. in lieu of ConfoP Duties A0< 1790, then repealed; out of -

D°

1)°

1)°

D°

D°

D°

D°

ofConfold Letter Monn

■ ), after D°, by cap. 18. - - 1 - -

L 20-per-Cent. on Affcfied Taxes -

DUTIES pro Axxo 1708:

Surplus of Confold Duties on Salt, after reserving as directed by 1 38 Geo. III. cap. 89. -

Armorial Bearings - - - - ......

Spirit Licences -

DUTIES pro Axxo 1799:

?ut>' on Sm"ifx0Jg:

XkrDul7.on D:

Vol. 58.

In the QUARTERS Ended

1 1

5 th January 1802; 5th April 1802; 5th July 1802; 10 th October 1802;

£ s. d. £• s. d. £• s. d. £• S. d.

3»tSi — — 23,572 — — 43^49 — — 10,434 — —

56,300 — — 52,830 — — 55,607 — — 68,151 — —

98,193 — — 93,-91 — — 137,063 — — 180,4.60 — —

465 — — 1,230 — — 3,075 — — 2.593 — —

6,169 — — 8,4(16 — — 7,325 — — 6.524 — —

8,134 12 9 — — 9,55 s — — 8,680 — —

43,000 13 — 12,809 — — 31*772 — — 28,554 — —

6,447 12 11 302 — — 1,225 — — 08O — —

2,34 4 1 2,366 — — 2,282 — — 2,784 — —

18,560 6 9 16,339 9 5 I 14,349 12 9 I 42,287 6 5

3,962 9 9 1,406 — 4 4,306 T 9 •> (>,044 17 2 i

54,464 53,921 17 3-1 59,311 58,696

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — —

311,013 19 3 285,308 7 — A 379,053 14 7 425,688 3 7 h

40,528 45<3H 52,593 51,712

275 10 — 51 — — 353 •— — 100 — —

115,755 6 0 i 86,896 4 4 105,978 14 4 177,316 18 11 I

500 -

470 — — 1,272 — — 3,181 — — 2.681

15,18s — 4 16,812 5 — 23,057 5 — 20,680 5 —

557 2 6 9,821 2 3 1,898 *2 3 151064 2 3

47 -P — 11 I 20,203 H 10 32,796 5 2 26,272 17 lo-l

23,750 — — 23,750 — — 23,750 — — 23,750

21,759 11 1 12,746 1 3 i 26,119 3 4 8,623 9 10

27,149 6 5 15,278 3 7 25,047 10 — 6,047 10 —

8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — —

12,493 12 3 i 45,844 10 20,169 1 5 20,169 1 5

313,555 9 9i 285,986 1 10 33L943 1 6 369,717 5 3 V

15,471 18 5 10,717 9 6 1 *22,720 18 4 21,952 13 7 4

1 7 1 7 — 2 11 3

3,334 — — 26,607 — — 52,057 — — 21,4‘21 — —

56,231 — — 52,849 — — 57>°95 — — 68,146 — —

19,934 — — 17,760 — — 23,460 — — 22,()8l — '—

165,995 10 3 98,313 15 — 133,430 15 — 102,040 15 —

1,981 1 3 2,628 — — 2,148 — — 1,217 — —

- - - - 13 9 •2 89 7 1 I

15,83316 9 11,112 — — 13,847 -r- — 14,803 — —

11,787 9 4* 7,3i8 4 10 26,384 H 1 58,361 10 4i

16,110 — — 3,722 — — 746 — — 14,524 — —

67,142 — — 70,468 16 — * 75,934 — — 75,598 — —

49,60a — — 49,602 — — 49,602 — — 49,602 — —

- - - 30,674 16 2 $ - -

20,307 11 si - - 78,541 16 10 4 - 18 "

60,732 4 1 i 20,920 15 2 98,771 — 3 -i 7,423

24,407 17 4 4 4,958 17 82 51,635 16 7 1,802 17 I

- - - 9,877 1 3 A - "

198,809 3 "21 60,236 7 11 i 323,732 4 4 t - 2 I

17,181 7 1 a 6,59^ 7 3 38,510 1 U L942 2

* — - 94 8 1 $ 267 19 3-1

753,86019 443,814 1 2 \ 1,090,177 8 b 522,215 14 1

114,45818 9 I24d35 ll6,6.54 ' 119,151 —

619 ip 254 — — 3,327 — — 738

33,753 — — 34,925 18 -1 37,905 — — 37,636

500 — — •*

148,831 17 9 159,81418 -.1 157,886 — — 157.525 — —

35,621 16 8 3 28,510 9 25, HO 12 l 19,934 14 9 *i

•M* 7 13 1 4.144 — 3,459 — — 4,425 1 —

6,000 . - 6,000 — — " *■

3,502 19 8 2,702 — 10 2,257 5 9 A 2,780 9

47,542 9 6 35,356 10 -i =1 36,82617 11 27,140 3 9 I

Djg^ized by

I11 the YE Alt Ended 10th October 1802

£ s. d

80,636 — —

232,894 — —,

509,007 — —

76353 — —

28.284 — —

35-141 12 9

116,141 13 —

8,454 12 11

9,772 4 1

91,536 15 4

15,449 9 1

226,393 17 3

40,000 — —

1,401,064 4 6

190,144

779 10 —-

485,947 3 10

500 — —

7,604 — —

75,837 15 4

27,640 9 3

126,301 18 92

9 vxio — —

69,24s 5 61

73,522 10 —

32,000 — —

116,676 5 8;

,301,201 18 5

70,862 19 i 11 ,

5 5 11 i

104.319 — —:

234,321 8 1 1 *? ii — 1 t:

559./60 15 3

7-974 l\ 3

162 16 3 J

55.595 16 9

103,351 18 Si

35.102 — —

289,142 16 -3

198,408 — —

30,67416 23

107,849 8 7i

187,847 17 9

82,865 8 9 i

9,877 1 3 i

582,777 15 5 k

64,231 17 7 \

362 7 5

2,810,068 3 4;

474^308 18 9 4,938 19 — 144,419 18 —

500-----

624,057 15 9

109,177 12 IO

14,445 13 1

12,000 -

11,242 15 4

146,866 1 3

726

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 7 )

6* Decemb

continued.

Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes,

DUTIES pko Anno 1300:

[Uituh Spirits l-’oreigii D° -I'f-a

Spirit Licences

DUTIES pro Anno 1S01:

Stamps -Paper (Customs) -D° - (Excite)

Timber, &c. -

1 ea

Hiding Lories Huh'andiy 1 lOlfes -Surpins 01 ConloLd Letter 41 Geo. ill. cap. 7.

In the QUARTERS Ended In the Y'EAR Ended 10th October 1801.

r 5th January 1801; 5th April 1801; 5th July 1801; 1 10th October 180,1;

£■ s- £. s. £• *■ d- £■ d. £• *- d.

- 9,531 36,340 29,'279 * 6,537 1 81,687

50.-272 52,459 44,051 61,144 13 4 208,826 13 4

- 36,240 42,759 30,194 36,274. H5,473

- - " 3,500 15,500 19,000

£■ 96,049 I31>55^ 107,924 119,455 13 4 454.98613 4

37.936 — 94,718 — 132,654 —

- - £6 3 11 17213 — 1 258 16 2

- - - j 6,882 — — 16,882 —

m - - 5,429 8 11 A 00,141 H 7 ,04,571 3 6J

- - - * 72,778 73,052 145,830

- - 3,5oo 3,500;

Ad

- . * - 15.759 — — 76.759 — 92,518

£■ - - 131,988 12 1 364.225 7 ? i 496,213 19 8| —t . —y. -c

TOTALS:-

Ur

/•■LV’l

-c:C

.1 utf.

•TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS, and INCIDENTS,

I prior to the year 1793 ——

!, Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted -

I. Additional Duty on Malt - - D°

Duty on Tobacco - - - - D° -

C: r

A OTAL *:f DUTIES pro A0 1793 -

...... 1794 ......

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted -

hoTAL of -DUTIES pro A° 1795 ......

1, Ditto - - 1796 ......

Ditto - ----- 1797 -

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted -

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A0 1798 -

>! - ...... 5799 ......

D/.tcf *»*--- 1800 -

lr,u,> ...... 1801 ......

1)itt0 ...... 1802 ......

In the QUARTERS Ended In the YEAR Ended loth October 1801.

r 5 th January 1801; 5th April 1801; 5th July 1801; 1 10th October 1801;

£■ «• £■ «• d. £. s. d. £■ «• d. £. t. d.

3,119,276 17 7 2,529,220 13 3 ^?05°1536 L2 3 2,841,480 9 7 11,440,514 12 8 J

349,553 2 —1 32g,120 12 1 151,819 18 1 984,483 8 10 1,814,977 1 —1

79,301 30,015 8U3i3 153,127 343,756

106,364 121,389 80,768 91,460 408,981

3,654,494 19 74 3,000,745 5 4 3,273437 10 4 4^7^550 18 5 14,008.22s 13 S i J

78,050 5 5 60,903 4 10 02,226 10 — 50,031 282,111 — 3 i j

184,749 19 4I 174,727 3 31 162,571 12 — 2207GGq 6 10 I 742,718 1 6J (

75,579 —11.? 71,161 8 6 32,823 2 31 212,861 5 8 302,42417 5}

332,652 17 61 274,837 9 9 474,597 13 6 415^741 7 1,407,829 7 10

345,079 15 4 2 220,810 9 3 404,573 3 3 2 338;23i 13 7 1,308.745 1 0 5:

826,209 13 4 457,610 3 11 861,079 15 111 484.S93 17 6i 2,629.883 8 11 J,

7o,855 7 2 66,713 13 6 30,773 16 9 199-557 9 1 307.900 6 d I

183,978 220,020 6 11 123,148 101,354 628.500 6 11

58,731 8 7} 35,050 li 4J 23,406 11 2 59,579 6 — 176,767 17 *;

- 96,049 13U558 107,924 119,4 55 13 4 454,986 13 4

- - 131,988 12 1 364,225 7 7 i 400,213 19 8*i

— — — — -— 1

• 5,906,520 6 61 ! 4,723,137 15 »01 5,7i8,55o 7 44 6,638,101 5 1 $ 22,986,309 1411 J;

UC

S*

Exchequer, the 6th day of December i3ca

43 Geo. III. i . ..... Appendix. 72 r - - . _ _ . —i

Ta» 1 for the Years ending the loth of October i3oi and 1802 respectively—continued. wu ", —

M In the QUARTERS Ended In the YEAR:

i , v y f% 1 i|>ri 3

i?o;. c 5ill January 1802; 5th April 1802; 5th July 1802; 1 ) oth October 1S02;: loth October iSoflJ - - - - . j

■— DUTIES nto Anno 1800: r . 1

• i £■ s- d. £■ d. £■ *• d- £■ d. £■ *• d.

British Spirits 5? *54 — — 20,270 52,871 21,400 108,801 1

Foreign D° - 57i*77 53i55 57*715 67,9^7 236,034 — — 1

Tea 34,588 — — 35,237 18 — j :'7>993 37,800 ' 145,618 18;

-- Spirit Licences 5,250 — — ^,500 41*750 f>0,000 140,500

- . 100,309 — I27.OOS 18 ] 100.329 217,187 636,953 18 —y

DUTIES pro Ayyo lSoii

- Stamps - 97.154 12 4,93 7 121,486 470,618 6 4

r } Paper (Customs) - -- -- 36 — ui 132 17 4f •253 17 —' 205 1 5 607 16 10

D° - (Excite) - -- -- 35,166 20.141 32,790 — — 134,336 j

104,04415 — 3-2,862 15 1 I 67,015 12 11 80,056 8 9 29-2,979 11 91

Tea-- 05,097 7o,oqo id — I 7>s71 75.272 267,230 16 —

I Riding Iiorfes - -- -- ‘21,000 5,800 4 51-50 — 11,500 83-350

f Husbandry Horses - - - 2S,33° 6,200 67,058 7i35° 10S.35S

; Surplus of Confold Letter Money, alter reserving as directed by Act

~~ 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. - - 40,759 61,759 fio?759 — — 91,759 255,036

•? '! - £■ 433.4‘>7 2 3 i 300,--65 8 6 A 470,065 9 11 A 420,418 10 2 h ' — — \m 1,642,116 11

DUTIES ProAxno 1802: -

Irish Spirits - - 2,542 4,519 — 7,061

i i Malt (cap. 38.)- 27,489 — — 4*0,641 — 448,180

I i Goods and Shipping - - - 25-318 -2 5 398,63413 9.1 423,072 16 2|

1 Beer - -- -- -- 94,731 — — '96,284

Paper (Excise) - -- -- 3,"73 3-673

Dozs - 1,300 1,300 — —

j Mole Servants - -- ----- . - - 2,700 2,700

Fom* and Two-whed-xi Carriages ----- - 3,400 3,400

£■ 56,882 2 5 920,68813 9 3 9S6, J70 l6 2;

■i TOTALS:

v: In the QUARTERS Ended In the YEAR

- j c ' N Ended

:l i 5 th January 1802; 5th April 1802; 5th July 1802; 10th October 1802; loth October 180'.

1 1 TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS, and INCIDENTS, £■ «• d. £■ *• d. £■ s. d. £■ *+■ d. £■

111.' J prior to the year 1703 - ‘2,505,624 13 4 2>427,4°9 9 — 3,130^08 7 t 3,001,434 9 4} 11,065.376 18 1

- Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted - 212,730 4 — 3°3,772 18 7 314,322 10 2 889,667 6 8J 1,720,492 19

i Additional Duty on Malt - - D° 61,143 55,8-26 i3", C7° 388,610 641,249

Duty on Tobacco - - - D° 8S,45i 10Q,509 105,722 122,924 426,006 —

£■ 2,867,048 17 4 12,896,517 7 7 3,686,622 17 3 4,402,635 16 — t ii 13-853,724 18

r,i TOTAL of DUTIES pro A* 1703 76,456 10 1 55.740 10 — 102,186 10 — 55,513 10 — 28q,?07

:i 1 Ditto - ----- 1794 - 1S5.017 14 9 I 1 184:337 11 9J I 194,725 2 l».i ! 221,739 16 7 \ [ 785,820 6 -

*1’ Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted - 43,993 H 41 ! 65,680 1‘2 8 67,961 12 5 192,360 10 11 f 371)998 Q

;j TOTAL of DUTIES pro A° 170.7 311,013 19 3 285.308 7 — 1 I 379,053 14 7 425,688 3 71 \ 1,401,064 4

J? Ditto - ----- 1 ~()t\ - 313-333 9 9-] t 285,986 1 IO 33',943 _ 1 6 369,717 5 3i J 1,301,201 18

«; Ditto - 1 733,36o 19 6 3 ) 443,314 1 2 - 1 1,090,177 8 53 j 522,215 14 ii I 2,810,068 3

■ Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually grant«-d - 43,120 19 8 I Cl,575 11 \ 63,714 — 5 / 180,337 19 5- \ , 348,748 11

-30 1 1 TOTAL of DUTIES pro A° 1798 148,831 17 9 159,814 18 —. I 157,886 157-525 624,057 15

a;1’; Ditto - ----- 1739 - - . - - - 47,542 9 6 33,35C 10 —: J 36,826 17 11 27,140 3 9* J 146,806 1

•jo", Ditto - ----- 1800 - 102,35CJ 127,068 l8 . 1 190,329 217,i«7 636,953 18 j

-1]! D‘tto 1801 433,4C7 2 31 \ 319,1C5 8 6, I 47°,065 9 Hi J 429,418 10 2 j \ 1.642,116 11:

- Ditto - ----- 1802 - - *1 - - 56,882 2 5 929,688 13 9: i 986.570 16

jOf £■ 5,329,180.14 6 [ 4>9‘ti,3C5 18 7.. I 6,828,373 17 10 8,131,168 3 1; | 25,100,088 14

William Rose Haworth.

728

Appendix.

A. 1802.

appendix,

(No. 8.)

’ Decern iris.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's NAVY; for the Year 1803.

No. U

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies, relating thereto -

Superannuated Sea Officers ----- £. 55,564 9 67

Pensions and other Allowances ----- - 19,700 2 3 j

f Chatham ...... 11,678 5 6

1 Deptford ...... - 11,034 5 6

) Woolwich - 12,755 11 10

lar ’ 1 Portsmouth - -- -- -- 16,049 14 8

\ I Sheerness - -- -- -- 10,382 2 6

x Plymouth - -- -- -- 14,97*2 — 4

Muster-jnafter, and other Officers of the Out-Ports ......

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

Viduals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

Charge of Harbour Mooring, and i larbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, and Buildings, &c.

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, &c. -

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Charge of the Victualling Effiildillinumt ——

Charge of the Sick and Wounded Establilliment -

£■ «• A

117,971 8 6

75,264 11 9

77,7/2 — 4

8,648 1 i

100,152 3 3

71,65.7 11 8

67,836-----

255.360-----

366,500-----

1,231 17 6

69,843 17 i°

10,003 — 1

1,228,238 13 1

The Total <$f the Ordinary Estimate of llis Majesty’s Navy, for the year 1803, amounts to One Million Two bundled and twenty-eight Thousand Two hundred and thirty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny.

A. S. Hamond. ' H. Duncan.

W. Palmer. IV. Bellingham. H. Harmood. S. Gambier.

PVm Rule.

F. J. Hartwell.

NAVY-OFFICE, 4th December 1804. An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in II18 Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; for the year 1803.

% Building, Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. or Nature of their Repair. r Taken in Hand. 1 Completed. Hulls, IMafrs and Yards. * Rigging uml Scores. TOTAL.

DEPTFORD - - 74 Colossus - - Building ----- In Hand - - Mar. 1803 - l,4QO - - i,49o

— Fame - - Building ----- In Hand - - Uncertain - 6:750 - - 5,750

Yacht (New) No. 1. Building - In Hand - - May 1803 - 1?37° - - i,37o

— (New) No. 2. Ordered to be built ‘ - - - 3 >53° 600 4,‘3°

36 Melpomene - Small Repair - - - Dec. 1802 - Mar. 1803 - 2,770 1,870 4,640

38 Phaeton - - Middling Repair - - Uncertain Aug. 1803 - 10,690 1,870 12,560

36 Melampus - Large Repair - - - Sept. 1803 - Uncertain - 7>5io 1.770 9,2 So

Sloop Hawke - - C Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - j Mar. 1803 - Aug. 1803 - 2,350 1,430 3>7g®

— Rattler - - Middling Repair - - Sept. 1803 - Uncertain - 2,750 1,480 4,230

Total - - - £- 38,210 9.020 47>*23° -

WOOLWICH - - 98 Ocean - - Building ----- In Hand - - Uncertain 16,000 _ _ 16,000

74 Invincible - Ordered to be built - - 10,000 - 10,000

38 Lively - - Building ----- In Hand - - Octr 1803 - 13:430 3,4°° 16,830

32 Loweftoffe - Ordered to be built - - 5,000 - 5,000

64 Diadem - - f Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - J Mar. 1803 - Uncertain - 6,090 1,640 7>73°

— York - - - Small Repair - - - In Hand - - Mar. 1803 - 2,390 1,53° 3>9

32 Retribution - Middling Repair - - June 1803 - Uncertain - 3>95° 610 4,560

36 Romulus - - f Between Small and 7 J Middling Repair - j Mar. 1803 - Septr 1803 - 3,130 940 4,070

32 Cleopatra - ( Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - J In Hand - - June 1803 - 5,240 960 6,200

*4 Squirrel - - Small Repair - - - Jan? 1803 - May 1803 - i,57 *60 1,830

Sloop Lark - - - Small Repair - - - In hand - - Jan/ 1803 - 870 470 1,340

Tot a 1 1 1 >4 67,670 9,810 77,48°

i j

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

729

Estimate of the Charge of what may be neceflUry for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continued.

Building, Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Name s. or, i d. Completed. l 1 Hulls, Maf t> Ringing TOTAL.

Nature of their Repai r# Taken in ITan and Yard s. and Store?

CHATHAM '- 9» Impregnable - To complete her fram< e - - w 5,000 - - 5,000

74 Revenge - - Building - In Hand - Uncertain - 16,000 - - 16,000

36 Meleagar - To complete her framt a m m m - - - 3,000 - - 3,000

— Iphigenia - To complete her frame * m mm - - - 3,000 - - 3,000

100 Victory - - Large Repair - - - In Hand - Mar. 1803 - 5,990 - - 5,99

9? Atlas ( Between Small and | Middling Repair - | Uncertain - July 1803 - 19,990 4,010 24,000

74 Monarch f Between Middling I and Large Repair | Aug1 1803 Uncertain - 7,890 2,110 10,000

9o Namur - Large Repair - - - - April 1803 - Uncertain - 17,120 3>88o 21,000

38 Pallas - ( Between Small and ' | Middling Repair - J j- Uncertain - Feby 1803 f 7,160 2,840 10,000

1 Tot M ’ - - £■ 85,150 12,840 97,990

SHEERNESS - - 38 I La Forte I Ordered to be built ■1 - - 1 - 9,000 - - 9,000

For such Ships as may be ordered in the course of the year to be repaired - - 5,7®° 1,760 7*520

Total - - - £. 14,760 1,760 16,520

PORTSMOUTH - 74 Scipio - - Ordered to be built - — m 10,000 - 10,600

Sloop Brazen - - Ordered to be built - - - - 6,860 1,300 8;i6c>

98 Queen - - f Between Middling 7 | and Large Repair j Ih Hand Mar. 1803 - 8,200 1,040 9,240

74 Montagu f Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair j In Hand Feby 1803 - 6,13° 970 7,100

98 Barfleur - - C Between Small and 7 I Middling Repair - j July 1803 - Dec* 1803 - 17,630 1,360 18,990

— Prince George Middling Repair - - July 1803 - Deer 1803 - 20,060 1,140 21,200

— Princess Royal Small Repair - - - May 1803 - Dec* 1803 - 12,190 1,630 13,820

74 Ajax - - - Small Repair - - - Janr1803 - April 1803 - 3,59° 1,060 4,650

— Orion - - J Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair J April 1803 - Deer 1803 - 22,410 840 23,250

— Zealous - - Middling Repair - - April 1803 - Deer 1803 - 16,470 810 17,280

— Ilufiel - - For Furniture and Stores - 1,130 1,130

100 R1 Sovereign For Furniture and Stores - 1,460 1,460

98 Dreadnought For Furniture and Stores 960 960

— Prce of Wales For Furniture and Stores 1,210 1,210

— WindlorCastle For Furniture and Stores - - - - . - 890 890

40 Endymion - For Furniture and Stores 300 3°0

— Loire - - For Furniture and Stores 320 320

’ Tot.ii t * £■ i«3*54° 16,420 139,960

PLYMOUTH - - 98 Union - - Ordered to be built - - m m m 2,700 2,700

120 Caledonia . 4,060 - 4,060

/ 1 no Hibernia Building ----- In Hand •*? Uncertain - 21,440 5,840 27,280

80 Foudroyant - Small Repair - - - Ih Hand Uncertain - 9,260 2,490 n,75°

74 ! Spencer - - ! Small Repair - - - April 1803 - , June 1803 - 8,560 3,680 12,240

— L’Achiile - > Small Repair - - - , July 1803 - Oilr 1803 - J 8,6oo 3,260 11,860

rcrrible - - j 1 Between Small and 7 _ Middling Repair - j In Hand - , June 1803 - 11,170 4,160 15,33°

80 ( Ac far - - | Between Small and 7 Middling Repair -j July 1803 - ] Deer 1803 - 11,700 3,750 15,45° /

98 I London - - £ small Repair - - - , Jany 1803 - ] Mar. 1803 - ( 10,240 3,250 13,49°

110 I loyal George I. Middling Repair - - j April 1803 - I Jncertain - 14,680 2,510 17,19°

38 I ifgard - - I ^arge Repair - - - 1 n Hand - i Vpril 1803 - 7,480 1,080 8,560

— I ndefatigable S ►mall Repair - - - I May 1803 - July 1803 - 3,420 2,910 6,33°

38 ' I )iana * - S •mail Repair - - - J Vug1 1803 - ( )&r 1803 - oa •h 1 O i 2,690 6,410

Total j - - j- 11 17,030 < 15,620 152,650

MILFORD - - - 74 * lilford - -IE iuilding - - - - I n Hand - I Jncertain - 9,340 9,340

44 L avinia - - B luikling ----- I n Hand - I Jncertain - ®,45» 2,790 9,240

Sloop > fautilus - - B uilding * i* * - - Ii n Hand - L Incertain - 3,680 1,920 5,600

' Total - -rfr* <0 % do 1 4^0([)( 24,180

Append (No. 8 *7° Decant

continued

j!

730 Appendix. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 8.) Decembris,

continued.

Ffiimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buddings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continued.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Jluilding, or Nature of their Repair. Time when may be ^— - Charge of their ’TOTAL.

r Taken in Hand. 1 Completed. r 1 tull'sMalrs, anti Vaidb. :aid Siotc>,

Ml :iiC HANTS YAli DS: £■ £■ £ ,

RIVER THAMES - '74- Sceptre - - Building In 1 land - - Ilecr 1802 - 2,7 y° - - 2,700

— Hero - - Budding ----- In Hand - - Aug1 1803 - 5,6f,o 20,340.

— Illiilmous Building ----- In Hand - - Jany 1803 - 17,000 4? 5 3° 22,220

— Rrpulle - - Building - - - - In Hand- - W 1803 - *7o-o 4>VF-> 22,050

/ ~ Eagle' - - Building - - - - In Hand- - lAby 1803 - 23,610 574° 29,350

FRIXSLURY - - S Shannon Building - In Hand - - April 1803 - 8,380 l?790 , 10,170

RURSLEDON - - — Tribune - - Building ----- ill Hand - - Mar. 1 S03 - 6,200 830 7>°3°

BUCK L L R S11A It I) - 7+ S width re Building ----- In Hand - - Mar. 1S04 - 15,200 6,2 20 | 21,420

3d Euryalus Inkling In Hand- - Aug1 1803 - 0 CM O O *\ 11 -33°

Towards In Hiding one 74-C iun Ship, and 20 Sloops - - - - 06,940 1 90,040

Total for the Ships in the Muuchaxts Y ards - - - - •*13,520 30,120 243,640

Total for the Ships in the Kino’s \ ards 446,360 85>47° 531,830'

Total for the Ships at Miltoiid - - - 10,470 4>7*o 24,180

* GRAND TOTAL for the Ships ^79>35° 120,300 799,650

• _— '

On W 0 R K S of the Y A R D S:

WOOLWICH - - To complete the Wharf Wall to the Look-out, and as much of the Landing and Look-out as can be 6,964

t complied with ——

Total - £. 6,964

CHATHAM - - - To fit the Berths, and complete the New Storehouses on the Anchor Wharf, when the Hemp is

removed - -- -- -- - 2477

To build a new Chapel in the Dock Yard ----- 4,000

Total - - £. 6,477

PORTSMOUTH - To complete the South-East Dock in the Bason and Drains - 1,500

To carry on the Stone Wharf and Dam at the North Boundary of the Yard - 20,000

To build the Hawler Iloufe on the North Side of the Entrance into the Bal’on - 800

To carry on and build Locks, with Mafihouses over them, in the inner Mali Bond - - - - 20,000

To complete the Cellars over the Rcfervoir - 0,000

Towards building over the Rcfervoir for carrying on various Works by Machinery - - * - 9,400

To lay down Pipes for conveying Water to different parts of the Yard -

To setting back about Three Courses of Masonry from the Top of the Camber Docks - 1,990

To build a Foundry adjoining the Smith’s Shop - -- -- - 3°°

Total - £. 68,812

PLYMOUTH - - Towards completing the Wall,- digging and blowing away the Rock at the Weft Front of the Rope-

house to form the Road in front of the said House, and the turn round While House Hill - - 56 S

Towards blowing and levelling the Rock of White house Hill - -- - 600

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head and Landing Place, and Boat

Camber ----- . 2,800

To creeling a flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioners Lodgings -Towards digging away the Rock that the old Ropeliouie stood on, and Sail Green: and buildinn Slope 1,638

Walls - 1.246

Towards digging away the Ilock that the higher old Storehouse stood on, 6c c. - Towards building Slope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars, and Xecefiaries, at the back of the Officers 5>5°°

1,136

Towards digging the Rock at the back of the Officers new Oificcs and Slopes - 900

Towards building a new Painter’s Shop, agreeably to the Plan ----- 2?3°4

To building a Reservoir for receiving the Water brought inlide the Yard Gates - i?545

Towards building a new Foundry - - - _ 1,000

Total £. 19,237

GRANP TOTAL for the Works of the Yards - £. | 101,490

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

731

Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, {tebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continual.

ABSTRACT:

For Ships in the King’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards

For the Ships at Milford Towards Improvements in the Yards -

Hulls - - - 446>36o

Rigging and Stores - - 85,470

Hulls - - 213,5 <20

Rigging and Stores - - 30,120

Hulls - - 19.47°

Rigging and Stores - 4,710

GRAND TOTAL

531.836

I - 24,180

101,490

- ;£-901>14°

Viz.

The Sum of Nine hundred and One thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds.

A. S. Ilamov

IV. Bellingham.

H. Duncan.

H. Harm

y. ILnJlaw. S. Gambier,

Wm Rule. F. J. Hartwell.

IV. Palmer. B. Pucker.

Append; (No. 8

7’ Dec

continued

V--

Transport Office, 7th December 1802.

An ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transports, between the ill January and

31ft December 1803.

For the Service of Transports

Rup* George.

Ambrose Serle.

£.590,000

lVm Ay Otway.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, 7th December 1802. L: 1 I MATE of what Money may probably be wanted for the Sendee of Sick Prisoners of War, for Thirteen Lunar Months;

commencing 1 ft January 1803.

1 ft January, and 7 28th - - - - 3

29th January, and 7 25 th February - -3

2(>th February, and 7 25th March - -j

2Oth . March, and 7 2-id April - - - j

23d April, and 7 2oili May - - - 3

2ill May, and 7 17th June - - - 3

18 tii June, and 7 15th July - - - j

16th July, and 12th A u gull -

13th Align 1>, and 7 pth September - 3

10th September, and 7 71b October - •)

8th October, and 7 4th November -3

5th November, and 7 2d December - -3

3d December, and 7 3°lh ...... j

The Sum Total is

Jt? Hamefs.

Five Thousand Pounds.

tV. Gibbons.

£. 4. d.

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -- —

1,000 — *—

1,000 -

5,000-----

J. Weir.

£Le

732

.ppendiXf (No. 8.)

Decembris,

continued*

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Transport Office, 7th December 1802.

An ESTIMATE of the Monies that will be wanted for the Service of Prisoners OF War in Health, between the HI January and

31ft December 1803.

To Balance due to a Contractor for victualling Prisoners of War in Health in Great Britain, not yet settled, for want of proper Vouchers - - - - -

To pay Accounts relative to the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, Abroad, which are not yet brought in

To pay Salaries and Contingencies

£ d.

15,000-----

5.000 — —

2.000 -

22,000 —

Rup' George.

Ambrose Serle.

Wm Ai Otzvav.

\ppcndix, (No. 9.)

’ Decembris.

A LIST of ACCOUNTANTS, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by Authority of Ills Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament.

Balance due from Public Accountants.

Lieut. Col. Henry Rudyard, Command neer in Canada, from lit July 1 May 1785

inding EngiO 7S4 to 31 It

Frederick Brchm, Esq. late Barrack-mailer General of the Province of Quebec, from 26th June 1779 to 24th December 1783

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, * December 7th 1802. J

649

d.

9

L745 iB — I

By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, dated 25th May 1802, their Lordships were plealed, in consequence of the peculiarly difireffing situation of Colonel Rudyard, to content to his being allowed to pay the said Balance by seven annual Inftulments.

By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, dated 22d July 1802, their Lordships were pleased, in conference of the peculiar hardship of Mr. Brehm's case, as admitted by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and his apparent utter inability to pay the Balance in queliion, to consent to a fiay of Process against him for twelve months; and to direct their Solicitor to give Mr. Brelun every affiltance in his power to support his Claim against the Representatives of Mr. Murray, the latter Deputy Burrack-malter General of Quebec.

N. Vanjittart•

Appendix, [No. 10.) Decembris.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure

of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

Charles Beaumont, Esq. for Journies and Expences incurred in making Enquiries respecting the State of the Collieries -

John King, Esq, Secretary to the Commissioner® appointed for ascertaining the Boundaries of the New Forest -

George Buldwyn, Esq. as a Reward for his Services in Egypt -

William Chinnery, Esq. to be paid over to Mr. Palmer, Commissary at New South Wales, as Half Freight for a Vessel hired by Governor Hunter of Mr. Palmer s Agent, for the Service of that Colony -

Thomas Brodie, Esq. for making Indexes to the Journals of the House of Lords -

Lord Walsingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers, in Section 1801-2' - -

George Rose, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office, in Section 1801-2 -

Thomas Wilson; Gent, for his Trouble and Expences in attending the Select Committee of the House of Commons for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for preparing a Model of a Bridge, by Direction of the said Committee -Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abllracts, to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain ——

John Henry Capper, Esq. to discharge Expences incurred in making Abstracts of the Cultivation of England and Wales Thomas Gream, for the Expences incurred in surveying the Straits of Menai, the Conway River, and Holyhead Harbour and Coast ——

Bernard Cobbe, F.fq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to lothOdober 1802 - - D° - - - to discharge Fees on passing Accounts through the Office of the Treasury and Exchequer -

J. W. Hay, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed under a Convention concluded with America the 8th February 1802, for incidental Expences attending the Commillloa -----i-----

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 7th December 1802. y

N. Varjttart.

219

300

1,086

3*4

1,659

2,701

360

d.

1 e

10 —

18 —

9 —

18 2

169 7 6

500

146

814

7?i34

3,000

1 —-

8

17

6

4

1,060 8 6

19.477

6 6

Lppendix, No. 11.)

Decembris.

An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which may

become due in the course of the Year 1803.

Twenty-five Thousand Pounds.

Downing-Ilreet, 10th December 1802.

John Sullivan.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing

Convicts at Home, for the Year 1803.

£. e. d.

12,008 15 —

28,838 14 —

40,847 9 —

Forty thousand Eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings.

On the River Thames -In Langston and Portstnouth Harbours

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,) 10th December 1802. y

N. Vanjittart.

r

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

733

Appenc

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonese and (No. I

Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1803. jqo £)ecen

One hundred and ninety-one thousand Five hundred and eighty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.

N. Vanjittart.

continue

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 10th December 1802.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by Ills Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addreftes of the House of

Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

John Flagman, Esq. being the second Payment for eroding a Monument in Wefhninster Abbey to the Memory of Captain Montague ——

John Topham, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to carry into execution the Measures recommended by the House of Commons respecting the Public Records, to be paid to sundry Persons employed by the said Commissioners -Henry Alexander, Esq. lor his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Commons, in Session 1801-2 -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esq. to make good the Deficiency of his Allowance, as Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons, in the Session 1801-2 -

John Clementson, Esq. to make up his Allowance equal to the Sum of £.500, for his Services as Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, in Session 18c 1-2 Samuel Dunn, Esq. towards the Expence of compiling the General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons George Whittam, Esq. as a further C’ompensation for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, for the

Session 1801, and for printing the lame - - - -, -

Henry Gunnell, Esq. to be paid over as Compensations to several Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on public Committees, in the Sessions 1801-2 -

Doctor James Carmichael Smyth, in consideration of the merit of his Discovery of Nitric Fumigation, to prevent the Communication of Contagion

George Brown, for the Expences attending the Survey of the intended Military Roads in North Britain, Anno 1799 -

John Bull, Esq. for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, for the Session 1801-2, and for printing the fame ——

£■ *■ a

1,296 14 —

4,476 19 6 1,301 9 —

429 3 —

332 4 — 300-----

80 — —

647-----

5,258 1- — 717 14 —

320-----

Append (No. 12

14* Decent

£.\ 15,160—

Exchequer, the 14th day of December 1802.

‘James FiJIter.

The SECOND REPORT of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's LAND RE V E N U E, in obedience to the Directions of an Art of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, u An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Lnimproveable Rents."

Appendix

(No. 13.;

15* Decsmb.

\__________

Reference to I N the First Report which was presented by me to this Honourable Aral's Frft5* ^ou^c> after the passing of the Art of Parliament for the better Mar Repurt. nagement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other Lnimproveable Rems, 1 thought it my duty to lay before this House some account of the Deserts and Errors in the ancient mode of Management, under which little benefit had arisen from that Revenue to the Crown or the Public; and to give the particulars, and explain the principles, of the Syltem which had been recommended for the remedy of those evils, by the Commissioners who were appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods and Forefis, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which was afterwards eliahlished by the Art of Parliament referred to.

I also deemed it to be incumbent on me to date, not only what my own proceedings had been, in carrying the new System of Management into effect, but what general Regulations I had pmposed to the Treasury to be adopted, for the guidance of my conduct, and that ol my Successors in office, with the determinations of the Treasury thereon, in order that a judgment might, the more eaiily, be formed, whether the principles of that Syltem were uniformly kept in view, and whether the measures which bad been lb recommended were well calculated to produce in the end that improvement in the Land Revenue of the Crown, which the Public bad been led to expect; and alter giving some very general description of the different kinds of property of which that Revenue is compol’ed, I proceeded to state, agreeably to the requisitions of the Art of Parliament, an Account of such Leases as had been agreed for on the part of the Lessees, and confirmed by order of the Board of Treasury, specifying the respective Messuages, Lands, and Tenements agreed to bedemiled, to whom, for what terms of years, the Annual Value of the Preniiles to be comprised in such Leases, as reported by Surveyors upon oath, the Rents to be reserved, the Fines to be paid, and upon what other coni[derations such Leases were to be granted.

To that Apcount of the Leases which had been agreed to be granted, was added a Statement of the Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents which had been disposed of, distinguishing the produce of the Rents sold by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, from the produce of those Ibid by ine, as Surveyor General; and, with these particulars,

I gave also, in obedience to the Art, a general Account of such other matters and things touching or concerning the I.and Revenue, as seemed to me to be proper and neceOaiy to be detailed in that Report. I VOL. 58,

It is my duty, now, to present to this Honourable House, an Account of the further progress which has since been made towaids attaining the objects of the Act before referred to; and, in order to convey that information in the llmplelt and cleared manner, the lame order will be attended to here, as was observed in the First Report, and limilar Schedules will be given in the Appendix.

Pursuing that order, I am, in the first place, to lay before this Honourable House, an Account of the Leases which have been artually granted since the making of my First Report. The particulars of those Leases, which are divided into two Clafes, are given in a Schedule in the Appendix: The full Class compniing Tenements or Hereditaments, of which Leases had been granted at former periods; and the other Class compiling Tenements or Hereditaments, which had not been before in Lease.

From this Schedule it appears, that the Leases of the first Class comprile Lands and Tenements of the yearly value of £.5,859. 11. 9. according to the efrimates of Surveyors acting on oath; that the Rents nferved in such [.cases are of the amount of £.2.733. 9. 3. per annum, clear of all -deductions; and that the Fines paid for them amount to £.7,128; that the value of the fame Premises by the latelt Surveys, or other Accounts previously exilting in the Surveyor General’s Office, was no more than £.2,771. 15. 2$.; that the Rents reserved by the former Leases were only £.478. 4. 8$. per annum, and were reduced by allowances for Land Tax to about £.383* per annum; and that the Fines paid for them were only £.3,089. 17. 10. The Premises comprised in the Leases of the second Class are of the annual value of £. 1,471. 10.; and the Rents reserved thereon amount to £.913. 12. 6. per annum. For two only of the Leases in this Class, Fines w ere payable, which amounted to £. 1,014. Some of the Premises comprised in the Leases of this Class had before been held by Warrants under the Royal Sign Manual, during pleasure, at several small Rents, amounting together to £. 9. 6. 8. per annum. The addition made to the Rents by the Leases of the first Class is about £. 2,350 per annum; and by the Leases of both Clalfies about £. 3,253. per annum; and the increase of the Fines is £. 5,052. 2. 2.

There is also given in the Appendix a Schedule of Grants in Perpe- orants ,*n tuity under the Great Seal, made since the passing of the Art for the Perpetuity, better management of the Land Revenue: These are only two in number, and for each of them a special Art of Parliament was obtained. By one of these Grants the inheritance of foine Lands at

[ 9 A by VjOC P ainshill,

Or !-r to be observed in this Report.

New Leases granted.

Appendix, N° 1.

Annual Valut of Fltaies,

Increase in Rems and Fines.

Appendix,

N° 2.

734

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

'NO.

* Decembris,

continued.

Append!*,

* 3-

I.cases agreed for.

Appendix,

N°4-

Annual Valae of Estates.

increase in Rents and fines.

Other Leases proposed.

Appendix,

N*5-

Annual Value of Estates.

Expected

Advance.

Applications for Leases, &c. depending. Appendix,

N°6.

Sales of Fee Farm Rents. Appendix,

iV7.

Appendix, N° 8.

St<*k. fur-

chaled, and Dividends thereon. Appendix, N° ij.

Sales of Lands, foj Kc-uemption of Land Tax.

Painshill, in the County of Surrey, was verted in the Trustees named in the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, for a full consideration in money, as particularly mentioned in my Firit Report. The annual value of this Elhite, as elliinated by a Surveyor upon oath, was £.102. 18. 3.; and the pure hale money paid for the same into the Bank of England £.3,193. 17. 1. which was in vested in the purchase of £.5,334. 4. 1. Three-per-Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, yielding a Dividend of £. 160. o. 6. per annum. The value of the fame Premises, on granting the lad Lease thereof, was rated at £.50. per annum; the Fine paid for that Lease was £. 200.; and the Rent referred £. 6. 16. 4.; and, by the other Grant, the Manor of Ambell, and divers Lands and other I lereditaments thereto belonging, were vested in the present Earl of Newburgh, referring the old Rent of£. 16. 9. per annum, This Elhite had been forfeited by one of the Ancestors of the Grantee, and was returned by the favour of His Majesty, under the authority of an Act of Parliament, passed for that purpose in the 34th year of His Majesty's reign.

Many other Leases, which have been agreed for by the Lessees, and confirmed by Warrants of the Board of Treuliiry, are now in course of passing. Of these Leases, divided in like manner into two Classes, a Schedule is also hereto annexed. The Premises comprised in the iirft Clals of Estates, which had been before in Lease, are of the yearly value of £.10,875. 4. 4. as certified by Surveyors upon oath; the Rents to be reserved for those Estates amount to £.7,712. 7. 4. per annum, clear of all deductions; and the Fines set thereon to£. 15,283. The yearly value of the lame Premises, by former Surveys or other Accounts, was £.5,375. 5. 11.; the Rents reserved in the last Leases thereof were £.601. 11. 6. per annum, reduced by the allowance for Land Tax to about £.482. per annum; and the Fines paid for the same £. 7,281. 9. 1. The second Clals of Estates, not before in Lease, comprises Premises of the yearly value of £.111. 9. 8. and the Rents to be reserved thereon amount to £.113. 9. 8. per annum. No Fines are payable for any of the Leases in this Clals. Upon the Estates in the iirft C'lass, the increase in the Rents is about £. 7,230. per annum; and in the two dalles Liken together about £. 7,343 per annum; with an addition of £. 8,001. 10. 11. in the Fines.

In addition to the Leases which have been actually parted, and those which have been thus agreed for by the Lessees, and confirmed by the Lords of the Treasury, there have been, as on the former occasion, many other applications for Leases or Grants of Estates of the Crown made to that Board, and referred to me: Of several of those Estates Surveys and Valuations have been made, and terms for new Leases, founded thereon, have been proposed to the different Applicants; A Schedule of those applications is also inserted in the Appendix. The annual value of the Premises comprised therein, as certified by Surveyors upon oath, is £. 10,692. 18. 7.; the Rents proposed to be reserved are £.7,588. 7. 1.; and the Fines to be paid £. 16,629. The annual value of the fame Estates, by former Surveys, was £.7,019. 17. 11 \.'f the Rents reserved in the last Leases were £.903. 9. 8.U; reduced by the allowance for Land Tax to about £.723.; and the Fines paid for the same £.0,347. 4* 4*5 ar*d there l’eems to he no reason to doubt that the advance in the Rents and Fines, which have been proposed in these inllances, will be realised, as new Leases will be willingly taken by the Undertenants, or others, if the Lessees should decline the renewal of the exiiting Leases.

There are also several other applications for new Leases or Grants, and Papers on various subjects, now under consideration in this Office, determined by reference from the Treasury, the heads of which are given in a separate Schedule hereto annexed.

An Account of the Fee Farm, and other unimprovcable Rents, fold since the time of making my Firit Report, is also inserted in the Appendix; from which it appears that the net amount of the Rents so disposed of, within that period, is £. 150. 6. 6 {.; the purchase money paid for the same £.3,683. 18.; and the Stock bought therewith £.6,447. 1. 5. yielding an annual Dividend of £. 193. 8. 3. The sum which had been before produced by the sale of Fee Farm Rents of the net annual amount of £.148. 14. o j., as mentioned in my First Report, was £.3.866. 14. 6.; and the Stock purchased therewith £.5,801. 10. 6.; yielding an annual Dividend of £. 176. 14. 11.; and those sums of purchase money and Stock, with those above-mentioned, form totals of £-7,550. 12. 6. of purchase money, and £. 12,338. 11. n. of Stock arrfing by these Tales; which Stock being added to that purchased by the late Commissioners of the Land Revenue, amounting to £.105,769. 18. 3. makes a sum of £.118,108. 10. 2. Stock, arising from the sale of Fee Farm Rents; and with the further sum of £.5,334* 4* purchased with the consideration money paid for the Lands at Painshill, sold as* before-mentioned, forms a capital of£.123,442. 14. 3. Three-per-Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities Landing in the name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and yielding an annual Dividend of £.3,703. 5. 7. as appears by an Account truniinitted to ine from the Bank of England, and inserted in the Appendix.

But besides the increase of the Land Revenue which has arisen from the improved fyltem of management of the Estates granted on Lease, and from the lale ot Fee Farm Rents, a further, and no inconsiderable addition, has already been made to it, in consequence of the Act passed

for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, in which Ad provision 38 Geo. in. was made for raising a sum of money sufficient for the Redemption of caP* the Land Tax charged upon the Land Revenue belonging to the Crown, by vetting a power in the Surveyor General " to coutrad for " the sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, 9

" Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood-grounds, Fens, Marshes,

" or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown, within the survey and re-u ceipt of the Exchequer, for the heft prices which he should be able " to procure for the fame; provided that no such contrud should be " made without a special warrant from the Treasury authorizing the " fame."

By that Ad an opportunity wras afforded of disposing of those parts Kinds of Proof the property of the Crow n which were found to be lead productive, in proportion to their worth, and likely to be of much more value to the Purchasers of them, than they ever could be to the Crown, if retained.

With that view, and preparatory to the commencement of the Tales of property of this description, I presented a Memorial to the Treasury, Appendix, in which were distinguished, under nine different heads, the kinds of N° 10. (A.) property, which, according to my apprehension, fell under that description: These were as follows;

1. —Such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown as conlift of Manerial Rights only, or Manerial Rights and Quit Rents, without any Lands, or with very small quantities of Land belonging to them, and where the greater part of the Lands, over which the Manerial Rights extend, is the property of Individuals.

2. —Manors or Lands of which llis Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled only to an undivided lharc, jointly with Individuals.

3. —Lands dispersed in small quantities, and intermixed with the property of Individuals, and lying remote from other property belonging to the Crown.

4. —Tythes belonging to the Crown, issuing out of Lands which are the property of Individuals.

5. —Mills.

6. —Fisheries.

7. —Ferries.

8. —Mooring Chains.

9. —Wastes belonging to the Crown, the possesslon of which has been usurped, or encroached upon.

By the sale of such property it appeared to me to b£ probable, that Advantage a fund sufficient for the redemption of a considerable portion of the "n

Land Tax charged on the Estates not proposed for sale, might be raised from subjects hitherto comparatively unproductive, but convertible into a source of considerable increase to the Land Revenue; and the Lords of the Treasury having iignilied their approbation of wrhat was Appendix, submitted in that Memorial, I was authorized to dispose of the pro- N° 10. (B.) perty comprised under those heads. Sundry sales have accordingly been made under the Authority of the Act before-mentioned, and of the Act of the last Session of Parliament (for consolidating the provisions 42 Geo. RL of the several Acts passed for the redemption and sale of the Land cai)*1 Tax) which determined the Act of 1798, birt gave the lame powers of sale to the Surveyor General as were contained in that Ad. The Amount of monies arising from those sales amount to £. 74,158. 18. 7. which have been inverted in the purchase of £. 111,666. 16. 9. Three-per-Cent. stock pur-Stock, the Dividend on which amounts to £. 3,350. o. 1. per annum, chafed.

The Rents reserved in the lall Leases of the Premises thus disposed of Former In-were only £.250. 2. 5. per annum, reduced by the allowance of come from Land Tax to about £.201. per annum; and the Fines paid for those Leases £. 5,498. 5. 4. The particulars of these sales are given in a Appends, Schedule in the Appendix. N n'

But though the means were provided by the sales, of which an ac- Renfonsap^ft count has been given, for the redemption of a very considerable part ^pp^ion'of of the Land Tax charged on the Land Revenue, it wras not thought the whole pro-advisable to apply, immediately, the whole sum arising from those sales to that purpose. One part of the public object in passing the Land purc|,fe of Tax Ad was, indeed, attained, by inverting the price of the Etlatos Land T»u fold in the Funds, and thereby aiding Public Credit, by withdrawing a portion of Stock from the market; but it was found that if the Land Tax on Estates which had been granted on Lease should be redeemed* while any considerable length of term remained unexpired, much inconvenience and expence would be incurred, in the collection of the Land Tax purchased, which was to be considered, and collected, as additional Rent; and it was therefore determined to take all the necessary fttfps for ascertaining what Land Tax was really chargeable on each Estate of the Crown, those Estates being in many instances blended in one assessment with mixed or adjoining property of the Lessees; but tt> pollpone the actual redemption of the Land Tax on each particular Estate, until near to the end of the exiiting. Lease, or until a new Lease, or a Sale should be agreed for, when the Tax might be considered as an addition to the annual value of the Estate, in computing the new Rent, or Purchase Money.

Proper measures for ascertaining the Land Tax chargeable on each Estate of the Crown, so circumstanced, have accordingly been taken, deemed, and the Land Tax which has actually been redeemed, amounts, by the Statement given in the Appendix, to£. 439. 13. 11 J. per annum, and Appendix, the Stock transferred as the price of it to £. 16,122. 5. 7.; the annual 12.

Dividend

16,122. 5. 7.; th

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

735

appendix,

N° 14-

Sale of the

Dividend of which is £.483. 13. 5. A part of the Land Tax so redeemed, amounting to £. 174. 11. 4^. per annum, has been already added to the value of the property upon which it was, charged, in ascertaining the Rents for new Leaies, and the Purchase Money on Sales; and, therefore, forms part of the consideration for such Leaies and Sales, as is itated in the Schedules annexed to this Report; and the residue thereof; amounting to £. 265. 2. 7. per annum, is payable, as Rent, to the Crown, for the remainder of the exilting Leaies, but will, in like manner, be considered in the valuations of the property on future Leaies or Sales.

The Mooring Chains, which were among the objects recommended Mooringt'hains for fa]e in the Memorial before mentioned, were lately held by Lord in the River £Wydir, by virtue of a Leufe from the Crown, for a term which would expire on the -20th day of March 1813, under the yearly Rents of 5<v. and one-eighth of the clear profits, in that Lease the Eliate was described to conliit of the Chains for mooring Ships in the River Thames, below London Bridge, between a place called Bugby’s Hole and the said Bridge, with all Lees, Duties, and Profits thereto belonging. By an Act, passed in the 30th and 40th year of llis Majestys reign, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and Other Works, for the greater accommodation and leourity of Ship-u ping, Commerce, and'Revenue, within the Port of London," the ' Mooring Chains comprised in the said Lease were appropriated to the life of the Public; and Powers for managing and maintaining the lame were vetted in the Corporation of London. 'Plait Ad also made provision for ascertaining, by Referees therein named, what compensation should be paid to His Majesty, and to the Patentee, for the lois of their respective interests in tbisEstate; and the sum of £. 70,832. 11. 4. was awarded to His Majesty, in full latisladion for his roverlionary right to such of those Chains as were in the actual podefiion of the-Patentee; which sum having been paid into the Bank of England, was laid out by me, pursuant to the directions of that Ad, in the purchase of £. 121,430. 12. 3. of Three-per-Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities.

But betides the Chains in the immediate possession of the Patentee, there were other Chains which had been laid down within the limits described in the Patent, without any authority either from the Crown or the Patentee, and which were therefore considered as encroachments on the Right granted by the Patent. The coinpensation awarded by the Referees to be paid in respect of these encroachments was claimed by the persons in possession of the Chains; but those Claims being refilled on the part of the Crown and the Patentee, the money was paid

Append

into the Court of Exchequer, for the use of such persons as should be

able to ellablish a title to it. Those Claimants having afterwards fig-

nilied a willingncfs to treat for an adjustment of their Claims, I was Decem

authorized by the Treasury to treat with them on the part of the . -

J contmua

Crown; and an Agreement was at length entered into, by all the Par- y___

ties, and continued by the Treasury, under which a farther sum of

£.2,190. 1. 5. was paid into the Bank of England, as His Majesty's

proportion of the compensation for those Chains; and was invelted in Total sum p.VH

the purchase of £. 3,162. 11. 1. Conlohdated Annuities, making the ^chains

Sum Total of the Monies paid to His Majesty for this. property

£. 73,022. 12. 9. and of Stock purchased therewith £. 124,593. 3. 4.; Stock purchase

the annual Dividend of which is £. 3,737. 15. 11. The net Average Dividend thera

Produce of the Chains at the time of granting the Lease before-

mentioned was £.1,586. 2. 10. per annum; the term unexpired of

that Lease at the time the arrangement took eli’ed was twelve years and Average Pi

and a half, and the Line which had been paid for it was £.2,000. u

'Hie net average produce of this Eliate for the lait eighteen years was

£.2,191. 2. per annum; and the reserved eighth part thertof

£.273. 17. 9. per annum.

The monies arising from the Sales of Lands, amounting to Total Produce c £. 74,158. 18. 7. and from the appropriation of the Mooring Chains, of Lands and M amounting to £. 73,022. 12. 9. making together £. 147,181. 11. 4. Ch&ins> having been paid into the Bank of England to one Account, intituled,

" The Account of the Commissioners of Hi* Majestys Treasury," and and of Stock pu the sums of Stock purchased therewith, viz. £. 111,666. 16. 9. and chafeJ the CWK £.124,593. 3. 4. as before dated, making together £. 236,260. o. 1 having been transferred to an Account under the lame title, are not distinguished in the Accounts transmitted to me from the Bank of England, and inserted in the Appendix. From this Stock the sum of £. 16,122. 5. 7. having been transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the consideration for the redemption of those parts of the Land Tax charged upon the Land Revenue which have been already redeemed, the amount of Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities now standing in the names of the Commissioners of Ills Majestys Treasury, is £.220,137. H- & and the annual Dividend thereon £. 6,604. 2. 1.

Having dated separately, under their proper heads, the particular GCncraj view oi advantages arising from new Leaies of Houses and Lands, and from Improvement fr< Sales of Property of each different description, since the passing of the Sales.^-*4^* Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue, I shall now collect those particulars into one General Statement, in order to bring into one point of view the Improvement made upon the whole.

Appendix, N°* 13. Ac 1.

ABSTRACT:

Annual Value per Surveys, on Oath. Annual Rents so new Leaies or Grants, and Dividends of Stock, arising from Sales or Grants of Land Revenue. r Fines for new Leases or Grants.

£. s. £■ *• >1 . £. s. d.

5>859 * 1 9 2-733 9 2 t 7,128

1,471 10 — 913 12 6; 1,014

10a 18 3 176 9 6

>°,875 4 4 7.712 7 4 15,283

ill 9 8 113 9 8 -

10,(>92 18 7 7.588 7 1 16,629

2,631 9 U 3.350 — 1 ~ - -

2,191 2 — 3,737 >5 n -

33,936 + 6 26,325 n 4 40,054 — —

+83 >3 5 ( ' ' ' j

25.841 17 11

265 2 7 -

26,107 — 6

*8,124 8 2j 2,095 14 9 27,416 16 7

>5,811 16 3J 24,011 5 9 >2,637 3 5

426 I7 1 I

24,438 2 0 Total of Anni

Leases actually granted

Class I. Class II. )

I Class heat

Leases agreed for 1 i*

Grants made under the Great Seal -si. d \ Clais II. - j

Other Leaies proposed -Sales of Lands, &c.

Sale of Mooring Chains

| Annual Value per former Surveys. Annual Rents reserved in lall Leases, deducting Allowances for Land Tax. Fines paid for last Leases.

£■ '• d. 2,771 15 2f 1 £. s. d. 383 For some Parts \ thereof the Sign f Manual Rents / of 9 6 8 j £■ «• d. 3,089 17 io

50 23 5 4 j 200

5,375 5 >> 482 7.281 9

7,019 17 ui >,32i 6 723 201 9,347 4 4 5.498 5 4

1,586 2 lO | — 5 — / and Jth of the ( Profits, ) amounting to I 273 >7 9) 2,000

■ 00 00 2,095 H 9 27416 16 7

or Sales, and the residue being payable as additional Rent, and not yet included in any valuation.

Add Land Tax redeemed, and now payable as Rent to the Crown.

Dedud the Totals of the opposite Columns.

Increase in Value, new Rents, Dividends, and Fines.

ual Profit derived from Sales of Fee Farm Rents made by the late Commis the Land Revenue £.355. 14. 5. and by the Surveyor General £«71#

frpfrliAr /* j nA 1*.

from

r

736

Appendix

A. 1802

From this Abstract it appears that the actual Increase of the Land Revenue, arising from that part of the property of the Crown which has been let or dispoTed of, under the new System of Management, is, in Rents and Dividends of Stock, £. 24,438. 2. 9. per annum, and £. 12,637. 3. 5. in Fines; besides what may be derived from Leases of Mines, and other property of uncertain produce, of which a proportion is referred to the Crown,

The most important of the Improvements stated in the Schedules annexed to this Report, has arilen from the Embankment on au Estate belonging to the Crown, called The Sunk Island, in the River Ilumber.

River Humber. That Island has been gradually formed by the accretion of the warp jj or foil depo/ited by that River. It was first granted on Lease, in

■! 1669, to Anthony Gylby, Esquire, for 31 years, under a Rent ol £. 5.

' to commence from the Embankment of the first: 100 acres.—About

Ieven years afterwards Colonel Gylby, who had made little prog refs: in the Embankment, obtained a new Lease, on surrender of the former,

for 99 years, at the fame Rent of £.5. At his death the Eli ate de-volved to his Grandson, William Gylby, Esquire, by whufe exertions 1,560 acres had been embanked and divided into Farms, prior to the | year 1744.—In 1755, a third Lease was granted to Mrs. Margaret

Gylby, at the old Rent of £.5. and for a Fine of £.1,050.; and, in 1771 * aether lease was obtained by the fame Mrs. Gylby, for a term which expired 15th March last, under a Rent of £. 100. per annum, and for a Fine of £. 1,550.

(Appendix, |(No. i3.) j;* Decembris,

continued\

j Important Im-

15 provement of Sunk Island Estate in the

7

if

On the application made by the LelVees for the Renewal of the Lease, since the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue was passed, I directed the Surveyor employed by me to survey and value the Estate, to report particularly, not only what was the actual Rate and value of those parts of the Island which had been embanked, but also what Improvement could be made upon it by farther Embankment, or otherwise, and at what expence. From his Survey and Report, made in 1797* R appears that the quantity of inclnfed Land in the Island was 1,561 a. or. 14P. no addition to the Embankment having been made since 1744; that the Outmar/hes contained 3,208 a. ou. 2 ip. which, together with the embanked Lands, were let to several persons for Rents amounting to £. 1,820. per annum; besides which there were Lands overflowed at the time of neap-tides, and of no value, containing 4,663a. ok. 23p. making the Total Contents of the Island, at low-water-inark, 9,432 a. u. i8i\ or nearly 15 square miles.

Ol the Outmarlhes, containing 3,208 acres, the Surveyor reported that 2,714a. 2R. 27 r. might be embanked, and that the proposed Embankment, with proper Drains and Sluices, would not only serve to drain those Lands, and prepare them for cultivation, but to impVove the state of the Land before inclosed. The expence of the new Embankments, and of the Buildings, Subdivision Fences, and other Works, necessary for completing this Improvement, was estimated to amount to £. 8,940. 18. and when these should be executed, it was computed that the Island would be of the yearly value of £. 3,441. 14. 8.

A proposal having been made to the Lessees of this Estate (the Re-

prelVntatives of the Family of Gylby) to grant a new Lease to them,

on the condition of their executing the Improvements suggested by the

Surveyor, they very readily engaged in the Work, and undertook to

expend not less than £. 10,000. thereon within three years, and to pay

a Rent of^.704. 2. 8. for the first year; £.2,090. for the second

year; and£.3,190. per annum for the relidiie of a Lease for thirty-

one years; and I have the satisfaction to add, that the scheme has

been executed with a spirit of enterprize and liberality highly creditable

to the Lessees, and beneficial to the Estate; that 2,835a. 2r. 371\

of the Outmarlhes have been embanked and brought into cultivation;

and fix new Farm Houses erected, besides several other Houses and

Cottages for Artificers and Labourers, and a Chapel for Divine Service;

in all which works, and in the making arid repairing of Roads within the Island, and communicating with the continent of Yorkshire, the

LelVees have expended not less than £. 20,000.; and there is every

reason to expect that the undertaking will prove very benclicial to

them, and that the Estate will revert to the Crown at the end of the

Lease, in a very high state of Improvement.

Aifts for Inclo- I stated in my First Report that federal Acts for Inclosures, and other

sures, and other purposes, affecting the Property of the Crown, and likely to be pro-Purposes, relat- , J. r 1 7 , V, , . J,

\ng to 1 he ductive ot much bencht to the Country, and improvement to the Land

Ciowa’sEstate. Revenue, had passed since my appointment; and I particularly mentioned the Act for the Inclosure of the Commons in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, where the Crown is possessed of the exten-ftve Manor of Epworth, and a considerable Estate in Land belonging to it. That Inclosure has ftnee been completed, and has added to the value of the Estate of the Crown there upwards of £.400. per annum. Several other Acts of the fame description have also been carried into efled, with considerable advantage to the property of the Crown, and more are in progress, by which the value of that property Will be greatly increased. A Schedule of the Acts passed for ftmilar purposes, Amendix lmct of my former Report, and on which any reference

N° 15. ^UIS ^een made to me from the Treasury, is added in the Appendix. Nov Me3fures *n a^lllQn to the account which I have given of the progress ac-

aiiU Rt-pulahoui tually made in the Management and Improvement of the Land lte-!i!rPurveyor veiiue Grown, I think it incumbent ou me humbly to lute to

C U A 1.

this Honourable House what new Measures and Regulations have, since the making of my First Report, been luggefted by me to the Treasury, as likely to promote its farther or more speedy Improvement.

The Plans adopted, with the approbation, and under the authority Corenams for of that Board, for the Management of those parts of the Crown's Le ifes of Lane Estates which con/iit of Houses, were pretty fully explained in my tcs* former Report; but as few of the Leases of Land Estates had then come within the period of renewal, and as there are not many lubjects on which a greater diverlity of opinion prevails, or on which it is more difficult to determine, than on the nature and extent of the restrictions which it is for the advantage of the Owner of a Landed Estate, and of the Public, to put on the Occupier, I deemed it advisable to take as much time for the confuleration of a matter of lb much importance, as the circumstances would allow, before I ventured to submit to the Treasury the particular Covenants which ought to be inter ted henceforward in the Leases of the I.and Estates of the Crown.

The Memorial which I presented on that subject to the Treasury, is Appendix, given in the Appendix to tins Report; and, as I have therein pretty *6.)

fully shewn the grounds of the advice I have presumed to offer, I think it better to refer to that Memorial, than to lwell this Report by a repetition of its contents. I shall here only mention, generally, that the principles on which that advice is founded are, that the Leases granted by the Crown being commonly lor so long a term as thirty-one years, the Lessee may be considered as having a common interest with the Proprietor and the Public during the tirft twenty-one years, but that, during the last ten years of the term, the Occupier’s interest becomes different from that of the two-other parties: he may gain by exhausting the Soil, and therefore it becomes necessary for the lake of the Public, as well as the Proprietor, to restrain him, during the latter period, by Covenants that will secure and preserve the Improvements before made, for the permanent benefit of the piopr-rty.

The Lords of the Treasury having uKei miw d that a deduction of ExpenceofcoU

Five-per-Cent. liiould be made in favour of the Tenants.of the Crown, leftmSR?nti

, , v from I’mlei-

Irom the value put upon rJiate;- oy Surveyors acting on Oath, in com- tenants.

puling the Rent to be reserved on granting new Leases, and some

doubts having been entertained whether it was not intended that,

where Lands were liiblct, the expence of collecting the Rents from the Undertenants, which was considered also to amount to about Five-

per-Cent. should be allowed to the Lessee, a Memorial was presented

by me to the Treasury on that subject, and, in answer, I was directed to make no further allowance on account of the expence of collection,

and the deduction to be made was in all cases limited to Five-per- l7*

(D.)

Cent.

In consequence of the authority given to the Surveyor General by plans for Im-the Lords of the Treasury, as mentioned in my First Report, to employ Architects to furnish Plans of such Alterations in the different Estate ia Lon-parts of London, in which the Crown’s Estate is situated, as might Jon. tend to the Improvement of the Property, the ornament of the Capital, and the accommodation of the Public, various alterations have been projected; but great difficulties have occurred in the attempts to carry them into effect, arising chiefly from the length of the remaining terms in some of the existing Leases. In all the instances in which Improvements of this naturejhave been proposed, the Ground Rents expected from letting the Areas for building, according to the Plans formed, far exceed the present Rents paid to the Crown for the Houses, and in some of them even those which the LelVees receive from Subtenants; but the remaining terms in the existing Leases, and other circumstances, are such as to prevent the Improvements from being carried into immediate effect; and the interejis of all concerned fuller by the delay.

These circumstances I represented in a Memorial to the Treasury*, Appendix* Submitting whether it might not be advisable that the Surveyor Ge- r.erul should be authorized to make proposals to the present LelVees of those parts of the Crown's Estate which are susceptible of such Improvements, to allow to those LelVees the whole or any part of the advantage to be derived from them, during the remaining terms in their respective Leases, provided they shall permit the proposed Improvements to be carried into cflect, with the approbation of the Treasury, mid under the direction of this Office.

Such an arrangement, it was obvious, must be for the advantage of all the parties interested. The Lessee would derive a profit from the Improvement, which he could not by any other means obtain, during the term of his Lease, and the difficulties arising from the termination of Leases at different periods, by which Improvements, so much for the benefit of the Crown, and the accommodation of the Public, are obstructed, would be removed, without depriving the LelVees of the fame preference for new Leases of any parts of the Estates, to which they might be thought to have a reasonable claim, as they would have had if no such alteration had taken place, and under new Rents to Commence from the end of their former terms.

The authority desired by that Memorial was given by the Treasury; and there is reason to hope that, by means of it, Improvements may be accomplished, which might w ithout it have been impracticable.

Prior to the year 1772, though large sums were annually paid out of the Rents of the Ctown’s Estates to the Surveyors General of the Crown id* Woods and Forests, by virtue of Warrants from the Treasury, yet the

Fine*

1

c

"tl

*1

If.

bi

Li

P*n

peel

-Hi

Wf.-. r

*’3; jj!j| Of

irr.

v--o:

, ‘-r.

V

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

737

1 tarj-,’ . £,

fl

s c

a

i s

5 ATS*

, V!:

Fines were uniformly paid into the Exchequer. From that time, in consequence of more extensive works being carried on in that Department, Fines for Crown Leases began also to be paid to the fame Surveyors General; and, on an average, sums exceeding £.2,000. per annum, have been paid to them out of the Fines, in addition to the

| payments from the Rents. Finding, however, that the increase of the

! Rents, and other Improvements of the Land Revenue, since the commencement of the new Syftein of Management, afforded ample means of supplying as large an Amount of Payments to the Surveyors General of the Woods as had been drawn by them both from Rents and Fines,

| Appendix, I thought it my duty to propose that the Fines for Leases /hould in N" 19* (A*) future be paid into the Bank of England, and invested in the purchase I of Three-per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, and the Dividends be

applicable to the fame purposes as the Annual Rents of the Land Revenue, in the like manner as the Dividends of the'Stock purchased with the produce of the Sales of Fee Farm Rents, and of other parts of the Land Revenue, now are.

I had reason to know that the Commissioners of the Land Revenue would have recommended that the whole Consideration for Leases of Houses, for which alone Fines can be now taken, as well as that for Leases of Lands, should be reserved in Rent, if it had not seemed to them to be necessary to strengthen the security for Rents of Iloules, by taking a part of the value in Fine; and the necessity for paving those Fines to the Surveyor General of the Woods no longer existing, it appeared to me to be advisable that they should be applied in the manner most conducive to the object of increasing the permanent Income to be derived from the Land Revenue.

The Lords of the Treasury have approved of that suggestion; and

1 1

?r

V:

V19. (B.) N* 19- (C.) N° 19. (D.)

Principles on the Authority of Parliament being necessary for carrying it into effect, directions have been given to prepare a C’lause for that purpose, to be laid before Parliament in the present Section.

Though the stateinents annexed to this Report shew that a very which the Trea- great increase of the Land Revenue has been obtained, in consequence n certain cases. °* ^e change which has been made in the Syftein of Management, it is proper to remark that, in every case, in which it has been shewn that Houses have been built, or large sums expended on Improvements, by Lessees, at a time when no adequate term remained of the exiffing Leases for their reimbursement; the Board of Treasury has acted on the most liberal principles, by grauting such additional term, at Ground Rents only, as the circuinstances seemed to entitle the LeflTee to expect; and in no instance, that has come to my knowledge, has any

party suffered, in consequence of expences incurred in the confidence of obtaining a new Lease.

The further progress made in the Improvement of the Crown’s Estates, since the making of my First Report, tends to confirm the expectation held out to the Public by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, of an important increase in the Income to be derived from this source. The rate or proportion’of increase of Income obtained, on

Append i:

(No. 13.

15° Decern b.

continued.

Prospect of fui

Improvement*

Rate of Tncrerl ready made in the

the parts already granted, or disposed of, is, indeed, greater than those Commissioners themselves expected.

There would seem, therefore, to be reason to hope that, by a Heady perseverance in the fame Syftein of Management, not only may the Crown’s Estates in Houses and in Lands, be brought to a high irate of Improvement, to the great advantage of the Country, but that the purpose so well expressed in the Civil List Ad of Queen Anne, and for which the Crown was restrained by that Ad from alienating its Estates in perpetuity, may be attained; viz. that" the Land Revenues of the " Crown may be increased, and coufequently the burthen upon the " Estates of the Subjects of this Realm may be eased and lessened in u all future provisions to be made for the expences of the Civil Go-4< vernment."

Objections to this Syfiem have, however, been strongly urged in a Ohjedions mad Memorial to the Treasury, subscribed by many persons of the highell ^rfTeeTof* ‘HoScsi respectlability, all of them Lessees of Houses in London, belonging to the Crown; in which Memorial they state the grounds on which they think themselves, and other Lefices of the Crown, entitled " to have M renewals of their Leases upon the payment of a moderate Fine, or " a liriall and reasonable Rent, in the like manner as Renewals of " Leases had from time immemorial been granted."

The Lords of the Treasury having referred that Memorial to the Proceedings on Surveyor General, and directed him to state, whether he law any ground tl

to recommend an alteration of any of the provisions of that Ad, I think it better, in a matter of so much consequence as the queliion, whether the new Syftein should be continued, or the ancient System restored, to insert the Memorial itself, with the Report upon it, in the Appendix, than to give any abridged account of what is Hated in those Papers, on either lide.

Appendix, N° 20. (A.; N° 20. (B.; n° 20. (Co

LAND REVENUE OFFICE/ 14th December 1802. J

John Forayce, (l. s.)

Survr Gen1.

APPENDIX.

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

V--1

No.

1. Schedule of Leases granted of any part of His Majesty's Land Revenue, from the time of making the Surveyor General’s First Report to the time of making his Second Report ----- page 738.

5. Schedule of Grants from the Crown in perpetuity, made since the passing of the Ad 34 Geo. III. for the better Management of the Land Revenue, p. 744.

3* Account of the Total Amount of the Monies paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England - ibid.

4- Schedule of Estates directed by Warrants of the Treasury to be granted by Leases from the Crown, but which Leases are not yet completed - ibid.

5* Schedule of Applications for Leases or Grants from the Crown upon which Surveys have been made, and ’Perms for Leases or Grants proposed to the Parties, but upon which no final Proceedings have yet taken place p. 752.

Schedule of Applications for Leases, and on other subjects referred to the Surveyor General, upon which Surveys have been made, or directed to be made, or other enquiries set on foot, preparatory to the making of Reports thereon to the Treasury - - - - p. 753.

7- Account of Fee Farm and other Unirnproveable Rents sold by the Surveyor

General from the time of making his First Report to the time of making his Second Report, and of the Purchase Money paid for the same, and the Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith - - p. 754.

8- Account of the Total Amount of the Monies paid into the Bank of England

to the Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents - - - * - p. 7b 1.

9- Account of the Total Amount of Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities,

purchased in the name of the Lord High Treasurer of England - - ibid.

10* ^Surve> or General relative to the Sale of certain parts of His Majesty s Land Revenue, to raise a Fund for the Redemption of the Land Tax on the residue; and Treasury Letter thereon - - - - ibid.

!1* Schedule of Sales made by the Surveyor General towards raising a Fund for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Land Revenue, by virtue in the Acts of ,38 Geo. HI. cap. 60. and 42 Geo. III. cap. 116. from the Commencement of the first of the said Acts to the time of making the Sur-Veyor General's Second Report ...... p.762.

1J- Account of Land Tax charged on Estates belonging to the Crown redeemed the Surveyor General, and of the Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank

No.

Annuities transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the consideration for Inch Redemption, from the Commencement of the Ad 38 Geo. HI. cap. bo. to the tune of making the Surveyor General's Second Report ----- page 70G.

13. Account of the several Sums of Money paid into the Bank of England to

" the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury," (No. 1.); with the dates of the respective Payments, and the names of the Parties by whom the fame were paid, and the Total Amount thereof - - p. 767.

14. Account of the several Sums of Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities

purchased in the names of " the Commissioners of llis Majesty s Treasury," and of the several Sums transferred therefrom to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with the dates of such Purchases and Transfers respectively - - - - ibid,

15. Schedule of Acts of Parliament pasted from the time of making the Surveyor

Generals First Report, to the time of making his Second Report, for the Division, I nolo lure, Drainage, Embankment, Improvement, and Sale of Lands and other purposes; and which were referred to the Surveyor General for his Opinion and Reports thereon, previously to His Majesty's Consent being given thereto ----- - p. 70*8.

16. Memorial of the Surveyor General proposing Covenants to be inserted in

Leases of Land Estates, for regulating the Management thereof - p. 7(19.

17. Memorial of the Surveyor General relative to an Allowance claimed by Lessees

of the Crown for the Expence of collecting Rents from their Under Tenants; and Treasury Letter thereon - -- -- - -p. 772.

18. Memorial of the Surveyor General proposing Means for carrying Alterations and

Improvements on the Crown’s Estates in London into died, without waiting till the expiration of the existing Leases; and Treasury Letter thereon - ibid.

19. Memorial of the Surveyor General, proposing that Fines for Crown Leases

should be paid into the Bank of England, and invested in Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; with the Treasury Letter, and other proceedings thereon - - - - -p. 773.

Qo. Memorial of the Tenants of certain Estates held under the Crown, whereon Messuages, or other Buildings have been erected, praying Relief in regard to the Renewal of their Leases under the Act of 34 Geo. III. cap. 75. lor the better Management of the Land Revenue; with Treasury Letter, and Surveyor General's Report thereon - * * - - p. 774*

Vo

58.

g

738

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 13.)

i j° Decern hr is

continued.

Appendix, Xo. 1.—A SCHEDULE of all LEASES granted of any part of His Majesty's Land Revenue, from the Time of Lid Leafts; the Tenements or Hereditaments comprised therein; the Names of the Lessees; the Terms granted; and upon what other Considerations such Louies respectively have been made:—And shewing also, the Annual Value Tines paid, for the preceding Leases thereof: In Two dalles.-----Class I.—Compriling the Leases of such parts of

f Note— In the Instances distinguished by an Afterifk (*), in which the former Leases contained other Houses and Grounds, besides those comprised

Class I.—Comprifing Leases of Tenements or

Dates of Leases.

Premises granted.

1800. May 1 ath.

1798. March 17th,

April 9th.

3°th. May 4th.

July 26th.

ESSEX:

The Manor of IIuvcring-atte-Bower -

MIDDLESEX:

Four Men'll ages and other Buildings on the North fide of' Piccadilly, in the Purilli of St. James, Westminster - - J

A Piece of Ground on the Weft fide of St. James's Place, 1 in the lame Panfti - - I

A Piece of Ground on the Weft fide of St. James's PluCe,' with part of a House erected thereon - -

lately hood

30th.

August 29th. Septem. 17th. Novem. 12th.

A Messuage on the South tide of Piccadilly

A Messuage on the South fide of Pall Mall

Two Messuages on the Weft fide of Bury-street -

Four Messuages on the North fide of St. James's Market

Two Messuages on the North fide of Pall Mall -

A Messuage on the South fide of Charles-street, St. James’s-' square -

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly A Messuage on the Weft fide of Ayr-street -

16th.

1709-August 12th.

Septem. 7th. 10th

28th.

October 16th.

tf?tb. Novem. 26th

Decam. 6th

A Messuage on the Weft fide of Duke-street and North fide of King-street - -

Another Messuage on the Weft fide of Duke-street

A Messuage on the North fide of Pall Mall

A Messuage on the Welt fide of Market-street, St. James’s Market ......

A Messuage on the North fide of Glasshouse-street

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-street -

A Messuage on the South fide of Marybone-street A Piece of Ground on the South fide of Pall Mall

A Messuage in New-street, Spring Garden -

-I

r\ Messuage in or near St. James's Stable-yard and the Green Park, and part of another Messuage there

other Buildings thereon -

A Messuage on the North fide of Pall Mall

A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage thereon, fide of Piccadilly -

Another Piece of Ground, with a Messuage the Offices behind the fame -

A Messuage on the Weft fide of Ayr-street -

To whom. For what Terms.

Richard Benyon, Esq. - - 31 years from 5th April 1799 -

Michael Downs, Esq. - - f 60 years and 329 days from 7 \ 15th November 1796 - -j

George Capel Coningelby Lord Vifcoimt Malden - j 4 years from 17th February 1831

Jefie Ramtden - - - - f 60 years and 36 days from 7 \ 28th February 1835 - - j

Robert Lord Carrington f 92 years and 91 days from 7 \ 4th January 1803 - -j

William Eppey - - - - 70 years from 5th April 1795 -

The fame ----- 39 years from 5th April 1827 -

William Stretch - - - - f 51 years and 224 days from 7 ( 28th February 1806 - - j

William Dalton - - - - 23 I years from 5U1 April 1805 -

William Parr - - - - f 41 years and 185 days from 7 I 2d October 1815 - - -)

John Popplewell, Esq. - - 54 years from 5th April 1803 -

Christr Morritt, Esq. - - 41 J years from 10th October 1815

John Hoppner, Esq. - - - 58 years from 5th April 1799 -

George Martin - - - - 58 years from 5th April 1799 -

John Fitch - f 51 years and 224 days from7 \ 28th February 1806 - - j

James Palmer - - - - 53 i years from 5th April 1804 -

Cha9 Wm Manningham, Esq. 1 and the Hoabl? Chas Yorkc, > Esq. - - - -) 50 years from 5th April 1807 -

The fame Parties - - - 48 years from 5th April 1S09 -

Jeremiah Watkins - - - 601 years from 10th October 1796

John Sharpe ----- 52 years from 5th April 1805 -

Robert Darell, Esq. - - - 1 42 years and 311 days from 7 29th May 1814 -

Henry Shirley - t - - 58 years from 5th April 1799

Thomas Scarman, Esq. - - 61 years from 10th October 1797

Robert Campbell - - - (59 years and 247 days from j | 1 ft August 1798 - - *)

Robert Spike, Esq. Executor 7 of Ja9 Hunt - - - - j C 67 years and 314 days from") ( 26th May 1829 - - " '3

John Drummond, Esq. - - f For such term as would make^ < up the terms in being to 90 / £ years from 5th April 1795

John Hill and Edw*1 BurO ton, Esqrs. Executors of > Noel late Lord Berwick - j 97 years from 5th April 1798

Edmund Hill, and John") f Thackrah, Esqrs. - - 3 C 41 years and 128 days from) | 4th June 1806 - * " "3

- John Didibury - - - - 34 years from 5th April 1802

| William Duke of Queenlbury f 54 years and 121 days from) \ 11th June 1807 - - ' ' y

) The fame 7 1 (in a separato Lease) - - J f 49 years and 299 days from) \ 11th June 1807 - - * ")

- Joseph Walker - - - - 58 years from 10th October 1800

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

7 39

* Tat rj

'* S

' '! ! r -1

I> 1 i

making the Surveyor Generals First Report to the Legislature to the time of making his Second Report;—Shewing, the Dates of the the Annual Value of the Preimles, as returned on Oath by the Surveyors employed to survey the lame; the Rents reserved; the Fines paid; of iiicli parts of the Premises as had been before in Lease, by the last preceding Surveys, or other Accounts; and the Rents reserved, and the Premises as had been before in Lease f.-Class II.—Comprifing the Leases of luck parts thereof as had not been before in Lease.

in the new Leases, a proportionable part of the former Valuations, Rents, and Fines, is inserted in the last Three Columns of this Schedule.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

150 Decembris,

continued.

Hereditaments which had befm before in Lease.

Annual Value per Surveys on | Oath.

Rents reserved in New Leases.

Fines paid for the same.

£■ d. 70 6 —

60-----

150 92 12 —

98 18 —- 98 18 —

55 5 — 51 11 —

48 10 — 29

34 19 6j I A Pepper-corn for 1 the first two years, I and £. 31. 161. afterwards.

19 12 — 17

32 17 14 6

40 I CO 00 r- c*

90 51 17 6

Other Considerations for the New Leases.

Annual Value per last

preceding Surveys, &c.

<1.

C The Payment of the Fees and Wages of 7 < the Stewards and Bailiffs, and the Expences of Jury’s Dinners - - -)

£■ *• d. 70 1 —I

Rents reserved Fines paid for in last Leases. last Leases.

£■ *• d.

d.

878 -

f Expence of building a Kitchen, Library, 7 | and other Rooms and Olfices thereon - j

206

102-----

115-----

60-----

50-----

28-----

45-----

45-----

45 — — 55-----

40-----

80-----

50-----

16-----

70-----

49 10 — 220-----

62 2 — 7° 3 —

29-----

29 4 — 15 4 — 26-----

2 6 17 —

26 17 — 32 7 6

22 16 —

48 —

29 4 —

7 13 6

34 10 — 45 17 6

136 18 —

I-

103

94

162

409

235

236 -

37 ‘ 88 -166 -

I Expence of building fix new Houses, tj setting back the f ronts to widen the )>| Street about ten feet -J

— £•75• to be expended in Repairs

— £.100. Repairs -

— £-480. Repairs -

£.300. Repairs -

| Expence of rebuilding the Party Wall, and \

\ repairing the damage occasioned thereby j j

*30

* 20 4 6

£.150. Repairs

375 -

50 —

So ^_____

350 -

313 14 6 32-----

20 13 6 for the first thirty years and a |quarter of said term, and

221 4 6

afterwards.

17 17 6

47 —

123-----

124 9 6 17 16 —

271-----

300-----

135-----

174-----

237-----

IOO-----

208 -

260 -

Y 34-----

103-----

288-----

£. 100. Repairs £. 200. Repairs

100. Repairs

144-----

£,206. Repairs -

r { To be expended in building a 7

A. 2,000. | House on said Ground - -j

f The Expence of rebuilding the House, 7 * __

\ which had been burnt down - -j

* 26-----

•28 9 —

* 3* 9 —

* 22-----

38-----

* 70-----

f 30-----

* 12 3 9

22-----

80-----

7 10 — 3° —

911—- 38-----

8 15 — 80 —

25---

17 14 2

6 10 — 80 9 6

2 16 3 4 19 5

3 15 — | 90--

3 7 6 40-----

HUS-}

H5 —

5 12 6 65 —

a 16 3 1 10 —

55-----

*38 —

70 —

43-----

*62 —

*52-----

*20 4 6

32-----

46-----

75

80-----

The Expence of erecting the Buildings on the Premises; and a surrender of the former Leases -

J

£. 250. Repairs ' -»

£. 100, Repairs -

The Expence of erecting the House -

The like - -

£. 100. Repairs -

180-----

6-----

*51-----

*39 — *39 —

•i« 6 8

1 19 —

476

2 10 —

326

l 17 6

6 5 -

1 6 —

2 10 —

10---

14 19 11

win?

2 —

42 6

-----5i

-----Si

2-----

by

30-----

40-----

20-----

4 19 5

24-----

96 —

26 13 — 22-----

45-----

26-----

20-----*

9 9 7

30

24-----

5i-----*

300-----

34 8 _ 6 to -—

6 10 — 1613 4

Appendix, (No. 13.)

150 Decern his,

continued.

<_-----^----->

740 Appendix; 1802.

— Class I.— -Comprising Leases of Tenements or

Dates of Leases. Premises granted. To whom. For what Terms.

1799-Decem. 21ft. M I D D L E S E X—continued.

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly - James Small ... 54- J years from lothO&ober 1833

31ft. A Messuage on the North fide of Jermyn-street - - j John Elliot, Esq. and Sir 7 John Call, Bart. - - 3 j" 59 years and 1*26 days from 7 I 6th-June 1799 - - - j

T800. January 24. A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage thereon, on the 7 North lide of Piccadilly - J Wilbraham Earl of Dyfurt - C 67 years and 121 days from 7 \ 1 uh June 1807 - - - - 3

A Messuage on the Ealt fide of Bury-street - Richard Alh - 3 49 years and 3 quarters from 7 I 5 th January 1810 - - -j

28th. A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage, Coaeh-houses, 7 and Stables thereon, on the North lide of Piccadilly ) Sir John Smith Burgos, Bart. 3 83 years and 121 days from) j I 1 ith June 1807 - - - - j j

A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage, Coach-houses and 7 ] Stables thereon, on the North lide of Piccadilly - ) Drummond Smith, Esq. j 83 years and 1*21 days from ) j I 11th June 1807 - - - . j

February 6th. A Piece of Ground, with a Messuage thereon, and Stable ) Offices behind the fame, on the North lide of Pic- > cad illy Dudley North, Esq. $ 53 yrs and 299 days from ) \ 1 ith June 1807 - ’- - - 3 1 1 t 1

March 15th. Two Messuages on the South fide of Great Ryder- 7 street 3 John Ilurrifon - C 70 years from 10th October) I 1795 ----- -j

June 6th. A Messuage on the South fide of Great Ryder-street William Ilawkes f 29 years and a quarter from 7 \ 5 th January 1810 - - -j

9th. A Messuage on the Eail fide of Charing Cross-street General Francis Craig - - f 51 years and 126 days from 7 3 30th November 1808 - -)

July 17th. Six Messuages on the South fide of Piccadilly Benjamin Brecknell 32 years from 5U1 April 1803 -

19th. A Messuage on the North fide of Piccadilly - Thomas Ilawkes 51 years from 5th April 1809 -

22d. Two Messuages on the North fide of Piccadilly William Stewart f 59 years and 126 days from 7 | 6th June 1799 - - - -1

28th, A Piece of Ground at Hyde Park Corner, with a Mef- 7 fuage and Offices thereon - j Henry Earl Bathurst - J 36 years and 160 days from) l 3d May 1834- - - -j

Stables and Coach-houses adjoining to the said Mef-7 fuago - - j (in the fame Lease) 3 63 years and 121 days from} I 11th June 1807 - - - - 3

1801. April 10th. A Piece of Ground on the South fide of Tichborne- 7 street, whereon four old Houses formerly flood - - 3 William Stewart 70 years from 5 th April 1796 -

Novem. 9th. A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly - Elizabeth Seagoe, Widow - 3 59 years and 126 days from | I 6th June 1799 - - - -j

A Piece of Ground on the Weft fide of the Hay Market, 7 with three Messuages erected thereon - - - 3 Benjamin Brecknell - 66 years from 5th April 1803 -

Class II.—Comprifing Leases of Tenements or

Dates of Leases.

1800. June 11th.

1798.

June ‘2otli.

W99-March 18th.

July 15th

Premises granted.

.DORSET:

A Manlion House, Farm, Cottage, Lands, and Heredi-} taments, at Thornhill, in the Parish of Stallbridge, f forfeited to the Crown during the natural Life of f Carolina Matilda Elphinfton, an Alien - -j

GLAMORGAN:

The Manor of Tallibont, otherwise LJandilo Tallibont, and the Manor of Walterfton and Kellibion -

KENT:

A Piece of Ground, part of certain Grounds called The' I lam Grounds, lying below Low-water Mark, at the \ East end of the Isle of Sheppcy, to be used as an Oyster I Bed and Fishery

KENT and NORTHAMPTON:

Two Farms, called Herringe Farm and Sellingfield

I arm, in the Parishes of Sellinge and Lynne, otherwise Lympne, in the County of Kent, efeheuted to

II is Majesty -

, r-.vn McOnages, and divers lands in the Parishes of I 1 -nylon and Thorpe Mai for, in the County of | •'.y»n:pw>n, clcheated to His Majesty - -

3

To whom.

James Archdckin, Esq. (in Trust) - -

Henry Duke of Beaufort

James Kelfev, Tho5 Fair-) brass, WmShrubfole, David > Tritton, and George Hart )

Charles Shuter, Esq. and' Henrietta his Wife, and John Hughes, Gent, and | Mary Hughes, Spr

The fame Pn rtics, and in the fame Lealb

and in

For what Terms.

99 years from loth Oiftober k 1799, if the said Carolina I Matilda Eiphinltoii shall so | long live -

31 years from 5th April 1796

30 years from 5th April 1700

31 years from 10th October 179

31 years from 10th October 17

>y

oS

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

741

Hereditaments which had been before in Lcafe—continued.

I Annual Value I per Surveys on Oath.

Rents reserved in New Leases.

£■ *■ d-42 17 3

30-----

320-----

48-----

g00-----

600 -

316 7 —

20-----)

* I

34-----

55-----

134-----

50----->■

54 -

560-----

7* 15 —

26 15 6<

55 -

30 2 —

119

£. s. d. 39 2 — 17 4 —

96 16 6

27 13 —

83 4 —

98 13 6

145 1 0 j

A Pepper-corn for f the hill two yeai:>, I and

£• *9- >3»- I

afterwards.

1896

lines paid for the same.

£. s. d.

156 —

H5

Other Considerations for the New Leases*

Annual Value 1

per lall I Rents reserved Fines paid for * preceding in ,aft Leases> I last ^5. Surveys, occ, |

£. £. s. d.

6 o-----I 7 10 —

* 24-----| 326

* 25 14 — I-----3

*24-----J 4 13 6

C The Expence of erecting the said Mcf-1

< fuage, and the surrender of the Lease in > *158 4 — | 53 13 —

I being ...... ) \

The like ......

The Expence of erecting the House - - -£. 150. Repairs - - , -

The Expence of erecting the House -

j * 152 12 — 49 19 —

'l * 9>5 —-----1 1

The Expence of erecting the said Messuage

The Expence of building the said two Houses -

£• 150. Repairs

£.200. Repairs £.790. Repairs

-----£. 250. Repairs

273

225 14 6

44 15 6 260 -

A Pepprr-corn for the full two years, and

£■ >*• afterwards*

32 — _ 26-----

279-----

2,733 9 3 7^28

The Expence of erecting the said House

'The Expence of building three new 7 houses, letting back the fronts to widen > the Street about 10 feet - - - j

£.100. Repairs -

C The Expence of erecting the said Mef- 7 t fua8es ...... J

* 39 6 — [-----5 11

* 5 -

' 20

* 24-----4 14 "

3°-----| 3 *5 —

120-----| 9 5 —

*23 10 — I 2 15 -

*26-----| 3 12 €

400-----J 74-----

1 3 4

*19 9 6-----3

*43 6 3 I 563

♦ 24-----

>60-----

326 4 12 6

£. s. d.

80-----

22 14 —

4 5 8

31-----

606-----

524-----

1 1 —

6 11 —

13 6 8 31-----

100-----

180-----

25-----

24 12 — 70-----

3 4 11

11 16 2

22 14 — 90-----

,771 15 23 478 4 81 3,089 17 10

Hereditaments which had not been before in Leaie.

Annual Value per Surveys on Oath. Rents reserved in Leases. Fines paid for the same. Other Considerations for Leases.

£• '• d. 305 £. s. d. 101 13 4 - C Reward for the discovery of the Crown's ■< Title, and the Expence of ascertaining £ the fame. f

f The Retit of ) 1 ~ ~ I the full Value. 1-1

f The Rent of j 10 v. the full Value. 1 - - ( Expence of establishing and maintaining X an Oyller Bed and Fishery.

23i 7 5 63 13 11 56 9 4 21 3 4 - - - Reward for the discovery of the Crown's > Title, and the Expences of profecating the Commission of Escheat*

Appendix*

(No. 13.)

5* Decembrist

continued.

Appendix, (No. 13.) 13* Decembris,

continued.

v

Appendix. A. 1802.

Class II.—Comprifing Leases of Tenements or

Dates of Leases* Premises granted. To whom. For what Terms.

1802. May 24th. LONDON:

Two Messuages on the South fide of Upper Thames-") street, and tour Messuages on the Weft fide of Charles- > street, Bridgewater-square, escheated to His Majesty - J David Riddall Roper 31 years from 5 th April 1800 -

1798. April 9th. MIDDLESEX: A Piece of Ground on the East fide of the Green Park, 1 with a bow Window erected on part thereof; the re- > mainder intended for an ornamental Garden - -J James Marquis of Salisbury - 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden - | Edmund Earl of Cork and ) Orrery J 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there for D° - - | George Venables Lord Vif- ) count Vernon - - - 3 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there, with a bow Window crested } on part thereof; the remainder for an ornamental > Garden - - - -) George Capel Coningsby) Lord Viscount Malden - 3 39 years from 17th February 1796

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Charles Lord Yarborough - 99 years from 5 th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there for D° - Sir John Hort, Bart. - - 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there, with a Greenhouse and bow ") Window on part thereof; the remainder for an orna- > mental Garden - - -) William Morton Pitt, Esq. - 99 years from 5 th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Charles Lord Romney - - 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Pitce of Ground there for D° - Henry Lord Vifc* Gage - - 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

30th. A Piece of Ground there, with power to build Offices 1 under part thereof, and a bow Window thereon; the > remainder for an ornamental Garden - - - 3 Aubrey Duke of St. Albans - 35 years from 17th February 1796

A Piece of Ground there, with part of a bow Window ") erected thereon, and power to build Offices under part > thereof; the remainder for an ornamental Garden - j Francis Earl of Moira - - 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Thomas Lord Dundas - - 99 years from 5U1 April 1796 -

May 4th. A Piece of Ground there, with two bow Windows’) erected on part thereof; the remainder for an orna- > mental Garden - - - j Robert Lord Carrington 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

Decem. 10th. A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden The Honble Sampson Eard- ) ley Eardley, Esq. - - 3 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

*799-February 12th. A Piece of Ground on the East fide of the Green Park,") with part of a Stone Terrace erected on part thereof; > the remainder for an ornamental Garden - - j George John Earl Spencer - 99 years from 5th April 1797 -

Sept. 28 th. A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden,*} and another Piece of Ground there with Offices built f under part thereof; the remainder for an ornamental C Garden - - J John Hill and Edwd Bur-") ton, Esqrs. Executors of > Noel late Lord Berwick - ) 99 years from 5th April 1796 -

Novem. 12th. A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Francis Duke of Bridgewater - 99 years from 5th April 1797 -

20th. 1800. A Piece of Ground at Hampton Court Green, and") divers Buildings erected thereon; and also two Closes > ot Meadow Land, with a Farm Yard there - -j James Johnson, Esq. inTruft 1 for Sir George Yonge, > Bart. K.B. - - - -) 61 years from 10th October 1799

January 24th. A Piece of Ground on the South fide of Hyde Park,") with a Kitchen and other Offices under part thereof, > and a Garden on the surface - - - - j Wilbraham Earl of Dyfart - 76 years from 10th October 1798

18th. A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden 1 Sir John Smith Burges, Bart. 92 years from 10th Otftober 1798

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Drummond Smith, Esq. 92 years from 10th October 1798

March 15th. A Piece of Ground there, with a Kitchen and other *) Offices under part thereof, and a Garden on the > surface - _ - . j Samuel Pepys Cockerell, 7 Esq. (inTruft) - - -j 42 years and \ from 11 th June 179®

July 28th. A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden Henry Earl Bathurst - - - 72 years from 10th October 179

1801. June 2d. A Piece of Ground there, with a Kitchen and other") Offices under part thereof, and a Garden on the > surface - - - j John Craufurd, Esq. - - - 42 years and J from 1 ith June 179

NORTHAMPTON:

Vide the County of Kent.

tit

;r N

' c

10

5 \

i 16

; 10

:) 10.

131

5 l.

■; is,

h

10.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

743

Hereditaments which had not been before in Lease—continued.

Annual Value per Surveys on Oath.

Rents referred in Leases.

£■ d-93 »° —

io 7 7

7 16 3 8—8

34 7 —

7 9 5

4 H —

13 3 3

5 4 —

8 16 8

n 16 7-

21 3 —

9 2 —

40-----

12 17 3 H5 5 —

39 io —

69-----

250-----

13 15 —

10 1 — 5 1 —

13 18 — 44 6 —

11 5 —

1471 10 —

£• s. d. 3i 3 4

10 7 7

7 16 3 8—8

3+ 7 —

7 9 5

4 14 —

13 3 3

5 4 —

8168

11 16 7

and a further Rent of

5 1 3

from the Time of building such OfKces, and 11 2 — from the Time of erecting a Bow Window.

21 3 —

and a further Rent of 5 1 6

from the Time of building such Offices.

9 2 —

34-----

12 17 3

115 5 —

39 10 —

69-----

183 14 6

13 *5 —

10 1 —

5 1 —

13 18 —

44 6 —

8 15 —

913 12 6

Fines paid for the same.

£. d.

Other Considerations for Leases.

( Reward for the discovery of the Crown's < Title, and the Expences of prosecuting £ the Commission of Escheat.

f Expence of inclosing the Ground with 7 I Iron Rails, &c. - - - - j

The like. -

The like -

The like....

The like -

The like -

The like -

The like -

The like....

The like

87 -

927 —

1,014 —

Vide Note, t

The like

The like-The like The like The like

The like.

The like ......

£.6jo. to be expended in repairing the Buildings, Fences, and Embankments of the Premises.

1

C Expence of inclosing the Ground with £ Iron Rails, &c. -

The like. -

The like. -

The like. -

The like ......

The like -

Nil.

• 13 4

" 13 4

— 13 4

*3 4

— 13 4

and " 13 4

— 13 4

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

15® Decembris,

continued.

13 4

- Note.—Parts of the Ground in the Green Park had beq£ granted at different periods by Warrants under the Royal SignManual, during pleasure, at the small Rents set opposita to each in the preceding column; other parts thereof had been granted by like Warrants without Rent; and some of the latter had been so held for upwards of 70 years.

968

Cl i rip

Appendix* (No. 13.) 15* Deem,

continued.

744.

Appendix.

A. 1802.

iS<

Appendix, No. a._SC II E D U LE of all Grants in Perpetuity of any Part of Ills Majesty’s Land

Dates of Grants.

1798. December 8th.

'797-

May 3d.

Premises granted.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

The Manor of Arabell, and divers Lands, Mines, and 7 other Hereditaments thereto belonging - - J

SURREY:

A Messuage called Painftiill, in Walton-upon-Tliames, and several Parcels of Land thereto belonging

To whom.

Anthony James Earl of 7 Newburgh - - - - j

George Chamberlayne, Esq. "7 and Sir Samuel Hayes, > Bart, (in Trull) - - -J

For what Terms, or Estates.

For ever - -

For ever -

Appendix, No. 3.—Ay ACCOUNT of the Total Amount of the MONIES paid into the

1796. - - - October 12 th. -

jiTtiJ

>rN'J

! u<

.!: i

Bank of England, 7 December 7th 1802.3

Appendix, No. 4.—A SCHEDULE of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, directed by Warrants of the Right honourable the Lords the Annual Value of the Premises, as certified by Surveyors upon Oath; the Names of the intended Lessees; the respectively:—And Shewing also, the Annual Value of such parts of the Premises as have been before in Lease, by -----Class I.—Comprifing such Parts of the Premises as had been before in Lease (*).-----Class II.—Comprifing

Note.—In thelnstances distinguistied by an Afterilk (*), in which the former Leases contained other Houses and Grounds besides those comprised

- \'ie '» b

• -lj t

Class I.—Comprifing Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, directed to

r-Jb

Estates to be granted. To whom. For what Terms. ':V>vs il

BUCKINGHAM: i-i. c

A Meadow called Ward Meadow, in the Parish of Eton, adjoining to 7 the River Thames - - - j Thomas Woolhouse 31 years from 5th April 1796 -

Divers Lands within the Parish of Burnham - - - - Edmund Waller, Esq. - - 31 years from xoth October 1800 •!. n.

DUR I-i AM:

Se\eral Cottages and Parcels of Land in the Parish of Saint Andrew 7 Aukland r Michael Williamson and 7 John Williamlbn - -j 29 years from 10th October 1797 >.

ESSEX:

The Messuage or Mansion House of Havering at Bower, with divers 7 Lands thereto belonging - - _ , _ _ _ r William Masterman - - 31 years from 10th October 1709 >; "i21

KENT:

A Piece of Ground on Croom’s Hill, in the Parish of Greenwich, I with a MeflUage and a Cottage thereon - - - - . r IheSciteofa Building heretofore used as a Powder Magazine, and J Greenv\dchCe S of LandlyinS round the same, in the said Parish of > Lands, part of a Farm called Netbercombe otherwise ) Coombe I arm, in the said Parish of Greenwich - - ] A Si? Offices and Garden, on Blackheath, adjoining to} dow to thef 1 ark’ Groundlor building * how \\m- ( page 750.) - lM! Ug! ln Ofeenwich Park. (Vide Class II./ Robert Campbell, Esq. - - George Moor - - - - Robert Rofwell, Esq. - - The Honourable George 7 Fulke Lyttleton, Esq, - 3 C 44 years and 304 days from 7 I 10th December 1815 - -) C 28 years and 231 days from 7 I 21ft February 1802 - - *3 30 years and \ from 5th April 1803 43 years and J from 5th April 1820 * -s I j " j 0

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

745

Revenue, made Imre the paling of the Act of 34 George III. for the better Management of the said Revenue.

Annual Y’alue per Surveys on Oath.

10 *2 l8 3

102 l8 3

Rents reserved in the Grants.

£■ *• d-16 9 —

None -

Be* ‘he Aav.nnt of the An u.d Divi !md< of the Stock puicufe.l wit'-. :he Cnpi'nle-ration Money, is

160 — 6

176 9 6

Consideration Money paid for the same.

£■ s.

Vide "Note.

Other Considerations for the Grants.

Animal Value per lall / preceding Surveys.

£■ s- d-

Vide Note.

* Note.—The aforesaid Manor and Pre-miies etc heated to the Crown on the death of William Radciitle, Esq. in 173*2. and this Grant thereof was made to Lord Newburgh, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 34th year of His Mai city's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " enable ilis Majesty to grant in Fee Simple certain Llrates veiled in u him by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named to the " Descendants of such attainted Persons." The Annual Y alue of the Premises, per Lift Survey thereof, was £.356. 7. 10.; and the Fine paid for the lati Lease was £. 2,500.

3A93 17 1

3A93 17 1

50-----

50

Rents reserved in lad Leases.

£■ s. d.

l6 9 —

6 16 4

23 5 4

ines paid for lad Leases.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

15* Decembris

continued.

£■ *■ d.

Vide Note.®

200-----

200 -

Bank of England, to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England.

...... £-3A93* 17* i-

Being the only Payment.

A. Nezvlund.

CominilTioners of llis Majestys Treasury, to be granted by Leases from the Crown, but which Leases are not yet completedShewing, Terms to be granted; the Rents to be reserved, and Fines to be paid for such Leases, and other Considerations for granting the tame the Lift preceding Surveys, or other Accounts, and the Rents reserved, and Fines paid, for the preceding Leases thereof: In Two Claiies* such Parts thereof as hau not b 1:11 before in Lease.

in the new Leases, a propur tmnaUc part of the iormer Valuations, Rents, and Fines, is inserted in the lad Three Columns of this Schedule

be granted by Leases from the Crown, which have been before in Lease.

Annual Value per Surveys on Oath. Rents to be reserved in New Leases. Fines for New Leases. Other Considerations for New Leases. Annual Value per last preceding Surveys, &c. Rents reserved in last Leases.

£• * d. 25 £■ «• d-16 18 8 £■ *■ d. £. C 140. to be expended in securing the 1 £ Banks of the Premises - - J £ *■ d. 18 6 — £* *• d- 36 —

100 — — 88 6

12 — — 00 rN. - - - 5 10-— 2 19 4

f 339 12 i<; 1 1 1 42 4 — For the first year, and 315 10 6 afterwards. r J 159 53 13 4

67 12 — 39 16 6 160 — — 52 3 — —

50 — 49 13 6 21

328 s 9 335 7 — 128 9 5 22 3 8

7o 40 n — 152 200. Repairs * 75 -— ,j7 fc

Fines paid for lad Leases.

£. s. d.

150-----

,97-----

15

500 — —

10 — —

130 — —

80 — —

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

15* Decemb

continued.

T;

II

746

Appendix.

1802. ;i(

Class I.—Comprifing Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, directed to

Estates to be granted.

LINCOLN:

A Parcel of Land called Poynton Cow Pastures, otherwise Goosedales -

MIDDLESEX:

A Piede of Cround on the East fide of Saint James's Park, adjoining to a House in Duke-llrect, Westminster, with a new bow Window, and > other Buildings erected on part thereof - - * - -)

Ground on the East fide of Saint James’s Park, adjoining to Houses in 7 Duke-street, Westminster, with sundry Rooms and Offices erected on * part thereof -

A Messuage on the North fide of Piccadilly -

5

A Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) oh the South fide of Piccadilly -

A Messuage and Stables, with Rooms over the fame, on the Weft fide } of Market-lane - -- - f

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly -

Two Messuages and other Buildings on the North fide of Piccadilly and 7 South fide of Castle-iireet - - - j

Two Messuages on the East fide of Bury-street and North fide of King- } street - -- -- --3

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly -

Two Messuages on the North fide of Piccadilly -

Two Messuages on the Weft fide of Duke-street -

A Messuage on the Weft tide of Market-street

A Messuage on the Weft fide of St. James's-street -

A Messuage on the South fide of Little Vine-street -

Another Messuage there -

A Messuage on the South fide of Piccadilly -

A Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) on the East fide of Ayr-street

A Chapel and a Dwelling-house on the East fide of St. James's Park

A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-street -

A Messuage in Whitehall, late the Privy Seal and Signet Office, where 7 the old War Office formerly stood - - 3

A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-street A Messuage on the East fide of Ayr-street

A Messuage on the North fide of Charles-street

To whom.

\tilliam King, Esq.

The Right honourable Sir

Archd Macdonald, Knt, (now Lord Macdonald)

For what Terms.

28 years and 128 days from") 4th June 1803 - - - -3

36 years and 108 days from*) 18 th December 1819 - - 3

Lieutenant General Felix 7 Buckley - 3

Edwd Hughes and John Nichol

John Forfter, Gent.

John Julius Angerftein, Esq.

Mary Louisa Black, Spr

Thomas Hawkes -

William Sant

C Samuel Shore, Esq. Henry ) I Cline, and Tho5 Palmer 3

C John Fredk Hilditch, and 7

{ Edmd Tompkins (inTruft) 3

George Parker -

Sarah Harrington, W° - -

f Richard Henry 7’ -

I Alexr Bennet, Esq. 3 - -

Richard Sims ——

A Messuage (late The St. Alban’s Tavern) on the Weft fide of St. Alban’s-street - - .

The Manor of Hallnwford, and divers Lands in the Parishes of Shep-" per ton and Sunbury - - - _ .

A Chapel on the Weft fide of Swallow-street, with an old Messuage at 7 the South end, and a Stable and Coach-house at the North end > thereof - - , , . _ . _ _ _ V

A Messuage on the South fide of Pall Mall ......

A Piece of Ground on the South fide of Pall Mall, and North fide of 7 \V arwick-street ...... f

Another Piece of Ground there

Another Piece of Ground there -

A Messuage on the South fide of Pall Mall ......

0I. <fr°rnd’ ^ourteen Tenements thereon, in George

court, on the North fide of Piccadilly, and

Pice^UyInn’.and 111166 0th6r Tenemenu the North fide of( TWftreetlrUaP °" East f,de of Ayr-street and North fide of Castle-

Noah Yardley ——

( Matthew Berge, Devisee 7 \ of Jesse Rainlden, decd - 3

William Higgins ——

Lewis Wolfe, Esq. - - -John Griffin - - - - -Walter Frye Skerrett, Esq. -

Thomas Williams - - - -George Hodgson, Esq. - -

James Dods ——

61 years from ^tli April 1796 -

54 years from 5th April 1809 -

(51 years and a half from 7 I 10th October 1811 - - -3

70 years from 10th October 1798

f 33 years and 36 days from 7 £ 28 th February 1806 - -3

65 years from 5th April 1829 -

C 45 years and 71 days from] \ 31‘it July 1815 - - -3

56 years from 5th April 1805 -

61 years from 5th April 1800 -42 years from 10th October 1816

40 years from 10th October 1800

C 48 years and 354 days from 7 | 21ft October 1812 - - -j

61 years from 5th April 1800 -

61 years from 5th April 1800 -

41 years from 5th April 1820 -

f 49 years and a half from 10th 7 { October 1807 - - - -j

C 46 years and 135 days from 1 | 21ft November 1814 - -3

f 44 years and a half from 5th 7 \ April 1815 - - - - -3

{54 years and 152 days from 7 4th November 1806 - -)

Edmund Hill, Esq. - -

Rev. John Trotter, and others

Sir Walter Stirling, Bart -John Grindle ——

William Parr ——

Sam1 Pepys Cockerell, Esq. -James Edwards, Esq. - -

Thomas Williams -

John Lewis* Gentleman

61 years from 5th April 1800 -

50 years from 5th April 1811 -

53 years and a half from 5th 7 April 1808 ...... )

99 years from 10th October 1800 31 years from 21ft October 1800

99 years from 5th April 1801

41 years from 5th April 1821 48 years from 5th April 1832 48 years from 5th April 1832

48 years from 5th April 1832

C 45 years and 80 days from \ \ 15th January 1817 - "3

61 years from 10th October 1800

49 years from 5th April 1813

41 K

S

'i5 4

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

747

be granted by Leases from the Crown, which have been before in Lease________continued.

Annual Value Rents Fines for New Annual Value

per Surveys on Oath. to be reserved in Other Considerations for New Leases. per lait Rents reserved Fines paid for

New Leases. Leases. preceding Surveys, Arc. in last Leases. last Leases.

£• *■ d- C a. d. £• s. d. £■ s. d. £ *• £. s. d.

117 8 2 105 17 — 65 5 12 6 250 — —

20 5 — 16 7 — 10 5 — 2 3 10 14 — —

41 10 — 3413 e £■ «4 12 6 f 9 12 67 l&c— 6 8 j 50 — —

55 33 200 200. to be expended in Repairs 23 10 — 2 15 — 25

70 — 39 4 6 215 * 37 i° — 3 15 ~ 15 —

A Pepper-com for 1 -

34 - - j the fitft year, and 30 13 6 r ‘ ' f The Expence of cresting the said Mef- 7 \ fuage and Stables - - - -} 46 6 40 -

atterwards. 1

V. 17 18 — £■

42 95 150. Repairs -C 2,300. expended in rebuilding part of the} •14 1 5 — 2 10

213 83 5- - j Eremites; and f ) 260. to be expended in repairing other C 60 7 10 — 59

* part thereof - - - -j

70 41 10 — 171 — 100. Repairs - *56 5 13 6 8

45 25 16 6 189 — 40 1 17 6 35

76 4510 — 420 200. Repairs ] *38 6 - 3 12 6 55 15 4

78 46 14 6 161 — — 250. Repairs n 70 6 5 - 70

30 16 5 6 140 — — 150. Repairs •21 — — 2 13 4 22 10 —

100 — — 60 11 6 306 ----- •60 9 3 4 36 1% 4

20 10 95 100. Repairs - -1 * C 1 8")

29 16 9 43 9 —

H 12 11 6 119 200. Repairs - - - -) * 1 1 S 6)

50 28 15 6 94 200. Repairs - 3(1 4 10 — 172

1 1 <£> CO 20 5 — 105 50. Repairs - 13 326 20 — —

67 39 9 — 173 200. Repairs - *74 13 4 " 4 6 26 13 4

30 16 3 6 64 100. Repairs - *23 5 — 266 57 1 4

I05 63 16 6 430 20 — — 6 13 4 —

30 17 1 61 ... ...... * 20 — — 2 24

} 253 27 2 9

30 17 3 6) 200. Repairs - *17 7 6 276

40 22 13 — 145 200. Repairs - 3'1 5 45

r A Pepr*er-corn for

50 ) the fird t wo years, and f- - - f 2,000. to be expended in rebuilding the 7 | House - j *44 5 44

# 46 4 6 V

afterward*. J C— 3 41

386 0 6 368 13 — 1 and } (18 6 8) 47°

\ The Expence of rebuilding the said / 25 C assigned ? ] without Rent J 55

17 10 — — - J Chapel on an enlarged and improved > * 7 10 — 1 5 —

J Plan - - -V 15 7 2 1 9

220 — — 136 9 — 444 — — 160 — — 20 — — 135

34 8 30 - C The Expence of erecting a Messuage on 7 | the said Ground - - - - j * 32 — — 4 24

*8 5 4 24 2 6 . - - The like - * 3 2—— 4 24

25 17 4 21 14 6 - w The like ----- * 32 — 4 24

180 — 111 — — 458 170 — 18 15 — 100 —

399 290 — — 2,339 1,555* Repairs 228 — — 3415 — 00 — —

28 15 7 6 16 ■— 2 5- 60:

by |

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

748

Appendix

A. 1802

Appendix,

(No. 13.)'

150 Decemb,

continued,

K

n

jj

Class I.—Comprifing Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, dirtied in

Eft ales to be granted. To whom. For what Terms. r‘ Ur

MIDDLESE 1 f

A Messuage on the North tide.of Piccadilly ----- James Bumfted - - - - 61 years from 5II1 April 1800 - 1 1 ! v

Five Messuages on the East lide of Charing-cross-street - - - | Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamil- 7 ton, Bart. ----- 3 (53 years and a half from 5th ) | April 1808 j

Two Messuages 011 the South tide of Piccadilly | Rev. A. It. Chanvel, Cik. ) and Sally Chanvel, \V° - 3 51 years from 10th October 1811

Four Messuages on the Weft fide of St. James’s-street - Rev. John Nelthorpe, Clerk - ( 49 years and 4ft days from) I 25th August 1S12 - - -j*

Two Messuages, one on the Weft fide of Ayr-flrect, and the other be- 7 j hind it, extending to Little Swuliow-street - - - "i John Mason, Esq. - - - 60 years from 5th April 1802 -

A Meliiiage and other Buildings in Privy Garden - - The Right Honble George 7 Earl of Pembroke - - 3 f 59 years and 73 days from ) | 29U1 July 1807 - - - -j

Two Messuages on the East fide of Ayr-street and South fide of Mary- ) bone-lireet - -- -- -j Ann Richardson, Widow, 7 and olliers - - - -3 69 years from 5th April 1803

One Messuage on the South fide of St. James's Market - James Faulkner - - - - (61 years and 105 days from7 1 21ft December 1800 - -j 1

Two Messuages on the Welt fide of Market-lane - Thomas Courtney Devenifti - 61 years from 5th April 1802 -

One Messuage on the South lide of Pall Mall, *) j Two Messuages on the North fide of Pall Mali, and s One Messuage on the North tide of Pall Mall - - - - ) Richd Robert Graham, Esq. C 26 years and 118 days from 7 I 14th June 1815 - - -J i-'j -

One Messuage on the South lide of St. James's Market - William Lichfield - - - 3 58 years and a half from.5th \ l April 1804 - - - - -S

A Messuage on the South lide of Little Vine-street - Joseph Worhall - - - - 61 years from 5U1 April 1800 - *T

F;ve Messuages on the Weft fide of Swallow-street, and Two Messuages 7 ' on the South lide of Leicester-street William Harris - - - - 5 57 years and 276 days from 7 t 3d July 1805 - - - -j 0 10

Four Messuages and a Stable Yard on the South fide of Leicester-7 street - -3 Sam1 Pepys Cockerell, Esq. - J 57 years and 276 days from 7 I 3d July 1805 - - - -j,

Six Messuages on the North fide of Glasshouse-street - John Hogarth, Esq. - - - y 57 years and 276 days from) | 3d July 1805 - - - -3

Three Messuages and a Stable Yard on the Weft fide of Swallow- 7 street -----j John Crompton, Esq. - f 57 years and 276 days from) i 3d July 1805 - - - -S

Five Messuages on the North fide of Jermyn-street, and One Messuage 7 between Jermyn-street and Piccadilly - - - - -3 Alice Ballard, Widow - . - 21 years from 5th April 1820 - ii:-.

A Messuage on the Weft fide of St. James's-street - - -1 Thomas Cadell, Esq. and 7 the Rev. Peter Elmfley - 3 j 29 years and 354 days from ) \ 2ift October 1812 - - - j; "

SURREY:

A Parcel of Land called Potter’s Park Farm, in the Parish of) Chert fey - 3 John Kirkpatrick Efcott, Esq. 31 years from 10th October 179ft: 10

A Piece of Ground, with certain Buildings thereon, situate in Friars- 7 lane, near Richmond Green - - - 3 Mary May, Widow - - - C 61 years and 27 days from 7 { 6th February 1801 - -) ■» -

YORK:

A Parcel of Sandy Land called The Sunk Island, embanked from the A River Flumber, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, with a Chapel > and several Farm-houses erected thereon - - - - \ Rev. John Lonfdale, and 7 Humphrey Outwith, Gent. 3 31 years from 5th April 1802 - ■5m-

Mines and Veins of Lead Ore, in the Territories and Fields of Grin ton, 7 Whitafide, and Iiarkafide -j John Moore Knighton, Esq. y 31 years from the date o* the] { Lease ) '•'afctr

The Scite of the late Monastery of Saint Mary, in the Suburbs of 7 the City of York, now called The Manor Shore - - -3 Right Honourable Mary 7 Jemima Lady Grantham - 3 31 years from 27 March 1801 *■ a -

"• I 1

43 Geo. Ill-

Appendix.

749

be granted by Leaks from the Crown, which have been before in Lease—continued.

Annual Value per Surveys on Oath. Rents to be reserved in New Leases.

£■ s- £■

38 218 6

•223 138 3 6

90 54 5 6

500 3'3 n "

70 41 10 6

550 135 10 —

20 — 22 2 6

30 1676

27 14 9 c

C 137 3 c}

5G0 < >55 17 0

L 5^ 2 6)

36 20 3 —

24 12 11 6

138 10 —

140-----1

1*5-----J

184 — — 242 — —

65-----

18 10 6

3,790 4 —

f Not ascer- J i tainable. j

120 12 —

10^75 4 4

Fines for New Leases.

£. s.

•203 — 856 —

305 — 1,597 — 1 334 —

d.

82 — —

37 10 — 104 6 6

73 u — hs 17 — 37 18 6

13 8 —

16 7 —

For the first ycrir,

704 2 C

for the fecund year,

2,090-----

and for the remainder of the term

3,190-----

and i-8th of the Lead when fmclted

75 9

7,712 7 4

155-----r

137-----

;^95-----

iG3-----

119-----

658-----

177-----

506 — — 458-----

377 -

179-----

!67-----

588-----

Other Considerations for new Leases.

300. Repairs -

400. Repairs -

230. Repairs -

f The Expence of erecting the said Mef- } I fuage and Buildings - - - j

£. 1,200. to he expended in rebuilding | the Houses

100. Repairs -

100. Repairs -

100. Repairs

80. Repairs -

893. Repairs - -

210. Repairs; and

800. to be expended in rebuilding the weilernmoli House, and the Stables and Coach-houses -

400. Repairs ——

595. Repairs -

570. Repairs -

f 10,000. to be expended in new Embank-^ j ments, and erecting a Chapel f

J and several Farm-houses on the f

( IHand ...... J

Losses sustained in working the Mines -

»5>*«3 "

Annual Value per lall preceding Surveys, «Xc. Rents reserved in lall Leases. Fines paid for lall Leases.

£. £. s. d. £. s. d.

* 19 10 10 1 17 — 28 9 3

165 19 15 — 37 10 —

37 10 — 3 15 — 15

200 — — 25 1,050 — —

35 3 S — 40

140 — — 16 10 — —

25 2 10 — 30

1 1 0 c« * 2 IO — 7 10 —

*24 1 IO- 29

430 — — 246 — —

33 2 17 6 30

* 15 6 5 1 9 — 22 6 5

650 — — 12 10 — 120

270 33 15 — 265 — —

411 8 18 6 8

14 10 1 16 — 80 — —

12 — — 2 — — 30

900 — — 100 — — 1,550

not ascertain-able - s and 1-5O1 of J the Lead Lwhen fmclted. 1-

ill — — 13 >7 6 250

5,375 5 11 601 11 6 7.281 9 1

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

150 Decembrtsy

continued.

L-----^----->

V9U- 58.

9 E

r-

Appendix, (No. 13.)

130 Decembrisy

750

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Class II.—Vomprif.ng Lands and Hereditaments directed 10 be

Estates to be granted. To whom. For what Terms.

BRECKNOCK: -

All Mines and Minerals, and Quarries of Stone, within a certain part 7 of the Great Forest of Brecon - - * ' - " " " j Thomas Johncs, Esq. - 31 years from 10th October 1 Loo V;

CARDIGAN:

All Mines of Lead, Copper, Tin, and other Minerals, within the 7 Wastes and Commons of the Manor or Lordiliip of Cumwd-y- > Perveth Edwd Loveden Loveden, Esq. 31 years from the date of the Lease

CARMARTHEN:

All Mines and Veins of Lead Ore, Tin, Copper, and other Minerals, 7 within certain Waste Lands, called Mallain liermn, in the Fa- f rilhes of Kellicombe and Conwell Gain, or one of them; and also, f all Coal Mines and Quarries of Limestone and Slate there - - j John Williams, Esq. - 31 years from 5th April 1799 -

CARNARVON:

All Mines and Minerals, and all Quarries of Slate and Limestone, 7 within the Common or Waite called Ochor-y-Kylgwin, in the Pa- > rilhes of Llandwrog and Uanlifyn, or one of them - - -) John Price, Esq. and others - 31 years from 5th April 1800 - r.

All Quarries of Slate within a certain part of the Common or Waste, 7 called Cefndu, in the Parishes of Bettws, Llanrug, and Llanberries, > 01 some or one of them - - * - - j The fame Parties - - - The like term -

All Mines and Minerals, within a certain Common or Tract of Waste 7 Land, called Moelihedog, in the Parishes of Beddkelert and Llan- > fihangcl-y-Pennant - - - - j Leonard Craven - - - - > 31 years from Michaelmas 1801 '-:ta

All Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within the Commons and Waste 7 Lands in the Parishes of Llandinmiolen, Llanberris, Bettws, Llan- > lifni, Peumorfa and Llanlihangel - -J Abraham Mills, Esq. - - 31 years from Michaelmas 1801

All Mines and Minerals within a certain Tract of Waste Land, 7 being part of a Common called Bwich Derwyn, in the Parish of > Clinnog - J John Jones, Evan Roberts, 7 and Cudwalkuler Owen - j ! 3l years from Lady-day 1S02

DENBIGH:

All Mines and Minerals within certain Commons or Waste Lands 7 called Kefn Ogo Castell-y-Cawr, and Windmill Common, in the > Parish of Abergelley - - - - j Robert Hclketh, Esq. - - 31 years from Michaelmas 1801

DERBY:

Divers Parcels of Land at Clifton, escheated to His Majesty John Hayne, Esq. - - - 31 years from 5th April 1797 *

KENT:

Ground for building a bow Window in Greenwich Park, adjoining to 7 a Meliiiage on Blackheath. (Vide Class I. p. 744.) r ° - j The Honourable George 7 Fulke Lyttleton, Esq. - j 61 years froip 10th October 180Q

MERIONETH:

All Mines and Minerals, and Quarries of Slate, in certain Commons') in the Township of Uwch Fynidd, in the Parish of Llanabar, and in f the lownships of Fre-Creginan and Ithydgrin, in the Parishes of ( Celgin and Llanegrin - - - , \ Edward Pearson - - - . 31 years from the date of the Lease '■'XSil

MIDDLESEX:

A Piece of Ground on the Ealt fide of St. James's Park, next the C 1 en ace in Spring Gardens, for an ornamental Garden - ) John Penn, Esq. (in Trull, ) ! as to part thereof for Lord > j De Cliilbrd) _ j f‘jy years and a half from? ( 10th October 1S00 - - -j LJ i!

PEMBROKE:

Divers Lands formerly purchased for erecting Fortifications at Milford 7 Haven, with power to dig Limeitone on part of the Premises - - r The Right honourable C. F. } Greville j* 31 years j

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

751

anted by Leases from the Crown, whirl* have not been before in Lease.

grants

d.

Not ascertainable

Annual \ alue

per

Surveys on Oath.

Rents to be referred in N.tw Lcaies.

£■ s.d.

l s. per Ton for Stone Coal, 4 d. per Ton lor Culm, 1 s. per Ton for Iron Stone, and l-iotli part ii. Value of Lead Ore, Rotten Stone, LII.uTtuiie, Slate, Hurrs, and other Mineral and 1-oliil Suhltances, U be raised from the Preimies.

Other Considerations for New Leases.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

15® Decembris,

continued.

Not ascertainable \

11;d l-iotli part of all On's, &c. to be raised from the Prennfes.

No t al e e rtai n able

| an.l 2ov. per Ton for all Lead ! I On*, and 1-1 oth fart in Value ol other Ores, Metals, and Mine-; rals, and, of the Coal and other J Matters to be niiled there.

Not ascertainable

j jand i-iotli part in Value of all

{ I Ores, Metals, and Minerals, Siato,

| and Lin left one, to be raised from!

!; the Premises. I

Not ascertainable

1-1 oth part in Value of all the Slate to be raised there.

Not ascertainable

Nut ascertainable

and 1-1 oth part in Value of the Produce.

and l-ioth part in Value of the Produce.

Not ascertainable

Not ascertainable

1

and l-ioth part in Value of the Produce.

— 6 8

and 1-8th part in Value of the Produce.

44 10 8

Reward for the Discovery of the Crown's Title, and the Expencei of prgfecuting the Commission of Escheat.

1 —

Not ascertainable

1

and i-iolh part in Value of the Produce.

10 3 —

10 3 —

Expence of inclosing the Ground with Iron Rails, &c.

55 16 —

50-----

for the Land.

for the Limestone.

9 8

9 8

The power of resuming the Premises when wanted for tke Public Service.

752

Appendix.

A. 1802,

.Appendix,

(No. 13-) Appendix, No. 5.

[ 5" Dccmbrts,

continued.

A SCHEDULE of Petitions and Memorials for Leases or Grants from the Crown, referred by the Right honourable the Lords Commidinners of Ilia Majesty’s Treasury to the Surveyor General of Ills Majesty’s Land •Revenue, upon which Surveys have been made, and Terms for Leases or Grants proposed by the Surveyor General to the Pasties; but upon which, from various caulks, no final proceedings have yet taken place.

h

PARTIES.

PREMISE S.

Thomas Lee, Esq*

David Watson -

John Cormick, Esq. -

Archibald Paterson -

Henry Doughty -

William Kols -

John I arr, Esq. -

Thomas Bishop -

Michael llodgfon -Thomas Baml'ler, Esq. -

William Turner -

William Gibbard -Elizabeth Wellon, Widow -

Charles Lind, Esq. -

Sir Jolin Croft, Bart. -

Doioihy Brix, Widow -

John Caiiand, Esq. and others -

John Winter -

William Crawfurd, Esq. ——

Sophia Davies, Widow -

Mary Jane Dowager Baroness Dacre John Beard -

Sir Benj. Trbbs, Knt. -Stephen Will on, Esq. -

Thomas Holloway, Gent. -

William Taylor, Esq. -

William I lay ton, Esq. ——

Samuel Moody, Esq. -

William 1 lurry -

Elizabeth Newdigate, Widow -

Proved and Fellows of Eton College

Rev. John Till, and others -

Genree Grenville Nugent Temple Marquis of]

Buckingham - -J

Charles Duke of Richmond, ike. -Henry Duke of Bucclcuch -

'1 homas llammerilcy, Esq. ——

Henry Frederick Lord Carteret -Henry Earl of Exeter -

John Blagrave, F.fq. and others -

PKer Ludguie -

Rev. Jam«v. Hardy -

W liiiam Maule, Esq. -

Sir Wni. Pul teney, Bart, and others

Thomas Roberts -

John St. Barbe, Merchant, and Richard Maf- 1 tors, Esq. - - - _ _ _ f

William Waddell

Alexander Lord Balcarres -

Rebecca- Fullerton, Widow, and John Fullerton, 7

, i:f(b - 5

1 homas Owen and Thomas Williams (Trustees) 1 Jiz, Hutchins, \\ iie of William Hutchins Dame Anne Louifu Stuart -

Fulham Nairn, Esq ......

J"‘eph Walker -

Bight Hon. Thomas Conolly -Ann Ellis, Spinster -

Thomas Boot -

Ann Ilowfe, Widow, and Thomas Atwood,! junior - - - . _ _ t

lu-uert Williams, Esq. -

Fifty-five Mefiuagps, with other Buildings and Ground, in High lloiborn, Newton-street, Prineos-sheet, and WhiU'-iscrlo-va.'d.

Two Messuages on the Fair line oi DuKc-street, Wefi minder.

A Messuage on the North lide of Crown-court, WeliminluT.

Another Messuage there.

Arxother Melliuge there.

Another Messuage there.

T wo Messuages on the South fide of Murvbone-tfreet.

A iMeiliiage on the Fait fide of St. Alban’s-'tivet.

A Messuage on the Well fide ot Market-inne,

Six Messuages (formerly Se\en) on the North fide of Norris-street and Weft fide of the Ilaymarket.

A Messuagcon the Well fide of Duke-fir"et, St. Jame/s.

A Messuage on the South fide of Bicrud:fiv.

Four Molluactes on the Well tide of Dsfie-street and Dui.e’s-ccurt, St. James’s, and Two Messuages on the Weft fide of iim v-lireet.

A Messuage on the North fide of King-ltiect.

Thre»‘ Meifuay^s on the South fid* oi Jennv n-street.

Several Stables in a Stable-yard in Duke-streU, behind the Messuages last mentioned.

A Messuage on the North lide of Fall Mail.

A Piece of Ground on the Euft fide oi St. James s-street, with Two old Messuages and other Buildings ltaiuling liiereon.

A Messuage on the South fide of Pall Mall.

A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-ltrect.

Two Messuages on the South lide ui' Marybone-street, Piccadilly.

A Messuage on the Weft fide of Market-street, St. James’s, and Three Messuages in Black Swan-court there.

Ground on the South fide of Piccadilly, with Two old Messuages (landing thereon.

Ground on the East lide of Whitehall-street, with an old Messuage thereon, proposed to be rebuilt.

The King’s Theatre in the Ilaymarket.

The King’s Theatre, and divers Buildings in the Ilaymarket and Pall Mall.

Two Messuages on the North fide of king-street, and Two Messuages on the South fide of Rvder-street.

A Meftiiage on the North fide of Pall Mall.

A Messuage on the Weft lide of Bury-street, and a Messuage on the South fide of Jennyn-fireel. Two Messuages on the North lide of Jermyn-street, and Two Messuages on the Weft lide of Market-street, St. James’s.

A Messuage called The Christopher Inn, and divers Parcels of Land in Eton, in the County of Bucks.

Ground on the Weft fide of Duke-street and North fide of Ryder-street, with an old Messuage llanditig thereon.

One Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) on the South fide of Pall Mall.

A Piece of Ground in Privy Garden, proposed for an ornamental Garden to a Messuage there. Another Piece of Ground there for the like purpose.

Two Messuages on the South fide of Pall Mall.

The Manor of Epworth-cum-Weftwood and Maxey, in the County of Lincoln.

MemorialPraying, that the Consideration-money to be paid determined by him lor the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Walk of Welthay, in Rockingham Forcll, may be alcerLancd, and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament puffed for that purpose. Divers Lands and Fillierics in and near Reading, County of Berks.

Two Messuages on the South lide of High lloiborn.

A Messuage on the South lide of Piccadilly.

Three Messuages on the North fide of Piccadilly, the East fide of Ayr-street, and the South fide of Cultle-fu eet.

A Messuage on the North fide of Cleveland-row.

A Messuage on the Weft lide of St. Alban’s-street.

Two Messuages on the South fide of Jermyn-street*

A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-street.

Three Messuages on the East fide of Charing-cross-street, and One Messuage in New Palace-yard.

One Third Part of the Demesne Lands inclosed from the late Forest of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset.

Three Messuages on the North fide of Piccadilly.

A Messuage on the North fide of Ryder-street.

Two Messuages on the North fide of Whitehall-court, and a Slip of Ground on the East lide thereof.

A Messuage on the East fide of Bury-street.

A Messuage on the South fide of Jermyn-street.

A House in Whitehall-court. •'

Four Messuages fronting Richmond-Green, and One Messuage in Palace-lane, Richmond, in the County of Surrey.

A Messuage on the North fide of Jermyn-street.

A Messuage on the North fide of Jermyn-street.

A Messuage called Wallwood-house, and divers Lands in Low Layton, in the County of Essex-

fi

Cl

G

M

h

h

It

M;

hi

k

Ari VI: h H,i 0;)' hi k V;: Kid 31 n Ge>. fe. 3Iar Earl

J}. or 3Jar

£i

Corp

John

JoCal

Henr

Cikiri

tl(

Htnr

Mfcra

Fill

fee;

c:ik

fee

k

Prrp

fei

Gertfi

Kiclid

feb

k

fei

k.

k:;r

hni

tfe.

fen

' -b

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

753

Appendix, No. 6.-*A SCHEDULE of Petitions and Memorials for Leases from the Crown, and Applications on other Subjects, referred by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, upon which Surveys have been made, or directed to be made, or other Enquiries set on foot, for obtaining the Information judged necessary, preparatory to the making of Reports thereon to the Board of Treasury, but upon which, from various causes, no final proceedings have yet taken place.

Appendix, (No. 13.)

150 Dermbril

continued.

PARTIES.

PREMISES.

Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, and William Lord Craven -Christopher Keld, Gentleman Commissioners of Thames Navigation

Mayor and Burgesses of Tiverton -James Earl of Fife -Jane Viscountess Dowager Galway Edward Hufley Delaval, Esq.

Michael Angelo'laylor, Esq.

Edward Earl of Oxford Isaac Carter, Esq. -William Whitehead -Archibald Paxton, Esq.

William Kirk by, Esq.

Henry Wright, Esq. - -

Honourable Thomas Lyon Other, Earl of Plymouth, and others John Sturges, Esq. - -

John Peuna.ll -Willbn Ayleffury Roberts, Esq. Richard Calvert, Esq. -Mrs. Jane Wilkins

George Cppleby, Esq. -Samuel Stone, Esq. - -

Mary Hunt, Widow -Earl of Cholmondeley -

Thomas Hoi bee he, Esq. -Mary isabella Ducheis of Rutland, and others, Executors of the late Duke of Rutland Corporation of London - •

John Earl of Upper OlToiy •

Josiah Holdftiip ......

Henry Flaflnnan -

Charles Brandling, and Thomas Charles Bigge, 1

, Mq- * * ...... j

William Bentinck, Esq. - -

Henry Stables, Gent. -

Margaret Sampson, Spinster •

Thomas Smith, Esq. -James Earl of Lonsdale -

Gilbert Compton, Esq. -

Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts -

Proprietors of Lancaster Canal John Earl of Westmorland -

George White -

Richard William Howard Vyfe, Esq.

Sarah Ann Kennett and Robert Blake, Esq.

Rev. John Collins and John Boote Honourable Edward Monckton, and others Edward Thornhill, Esq. -

Booker Derby, Esq. -William Bethell, Esq. -

Ann Baroness Godolphin -

William Stephen Pointz, Esq.

Thomas Pittis

Dowager Lady Sandys -Francis and James Pinkerton, and John Wrood Hannah Bremner, Widow -Charles Snart, Gent. -Robert White -William Taylor, Esq. -John Styan ——

Martha Steward, Widow, and Gabriel Tucker Steward, Esq. - -

•-----— Mac nab, M. D. - •

Lord Viscount Bulkeley Joseph Cooper Thomas Williams -

The Hundreds of Fair Cross and Kintbuiy Eagle, County of Berks.

The Manor of Beverley Chapter, County of York.

Proposal to purchase Two Pieces of Land at Windsor, belonging to the Crown, for the use of an intended Canal there.

A Parcel of Land, called Elmore in Tiverton, County of Devon.

A House and Garden in Whitehall.

Several Houses and other Buildings in Swallow-street.

A House in Cotton Garden, Westminster.

A House in Whitehall-court.

Lands in the Lordiliip of Cantermellineth, County of Radnor.

The Manor of Stan ton-under-Bardon, County of Leicester.

Lands in Welt Walton, County of Norfolk.

Six Houses in High llolborn.

Lands in the Loi dship of Melfa, otherwise Meux, County of York.

Divers Lands at Ityhill, County of York.

A House and Lands at 1 Iafwell-on-the-1 lill, County of Durham.

Manor of King's Norton, County of Worcester.

Lands in Old and New Windsor, County of Berks.

A Ferry over the River Trent, at Willington, County of Derby.

The Manor of Rowington, County of Warwick.

Tolls of Markets and Fairs in Rumford, County of Essex.

Land at Rumford, in the Manor of Havering, County of Essex.

The Manors of Barton, Barrow, and Gouxhill, County of Lincoln, and divers Lands there* Six Houses in Piccadilly, Shug-lane, and Air-street.

Prae and Poll Fines in the Counties of Chester and Flint.

The Herbage and Pannage of the Forest of Delamere, County or Chester, and divers Lands there.

A Piece of Ground in Castle-street, and a House and other Buildings in Shug-lane.

The Scite of the old Palace at Newmarket, with the Buildings thereon, and divers Lands there, County of Cambridge.

A long Slip of Land, part of the Towing-path on the Banks of the River Thames at Hampton Court, now partly built on.

Memorial:—Praying, that the Consideration-money to be paid by him for the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Walk of Farming Woods, in Rockingham Forest, may be ascertained; and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament puffed for that purpose.

All Mineral and Foflil Substances in the Waste Crown Lands in the Parish of Caerhun, County of Carnarvon.

Ground called The Combrue, in Exeter.

Two Falling Mills at New-Minster, County of Northumberland.

A House in Privy-garden, Whitehall.

A Close of Land at Knottingley, County of York.

Tythes in Beftwall, County of Dorset.

A Messuage, Cottage, and Lands at Weft Iladdon, County of Northampton.

Three-fourth parts of the Barony of Kendal, called The Richmond Fee and The Marquis Fee, County of Westmorland.

A Farm called lleworth Grange, County of York.

Ground in Scotland Yard, Whitehall, for building a House for the use of the said Society.

Quarries of Limestone within the Manor of Warton, County of Lancaster.

Memorial Praying, that the Confide ration-money to be paid by him for the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Walks of Sulehay and Morehay, in Rockingham Forest, may be ascertained; and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Adfc of Parliament passed for that purpose.

The Fishery of Tadpoole, and other Waters in and near Cookham, County of Berks.

Ivie Mill, and Lands in Buck ton alias Broughton, County of Northampton.

Four Messuages on the Weft fide of St. Jaims's-street, and One Messuage on the South fide of Pall Mall.

Lands, part of the difaflbrested Forest of Braydon, County of Wilts.

Lands at Ilodrodd, County of York.

The Hundreds of Oak and Morton, County of Berks.

Divers Messuages and Stables on the Weft fide of the Haymarket.

The Manor of Ilempholme, County of York.

A Messuage and Garden in St. JamesVpark.

Divers Manors and Estates, County of Sussex, reverted to the Crown by the death of Mark Anthony late Lord Montague.

Ground in Parkhurst Forest, in the Isle of Wight.

Two Messuages (formerly One Mefiiiage) on the Weft fide of the Haymarket.

Several I (lands in the Rivers Humber and Trent.

A Messuage on the Weft fide of the Haymarket.

Lands in Barnby-in-the-Willows, County of Nottingham.

Lands, part of the disafforested Forest of Braydon, County of Wilts.

Eleven Messuages in Market-lane, Little Charles-street, and St. Albans-street.

A Farm in Upper Dunsforth, County of York. . ..

The Demefhe Lands, &c. in the Manor of Portland, County of Dorset, and the Moiety of the Tonnage Duty for Stone raised there. .

All such Mines and Quarries as he and his Associates may be able to discover in the Crown

Lands.

The Castle of Beaumaris, County of Anglesey.

Land in East Field in the Manor of Twickenham, County of Middlesex.

Five Messuages in Eagle-street, One Messuage in Jermyn-street, ana certain Stables in Swallow-street.

Vol. 58.

Goom

754

Appendix.

A. 1802.

.Appendix.

(No. 13.)

5® Decembr

continued.

Appendix, No, 6.—A Schedule of Petitions and Memorials for Leases from the Crown, &c.—continued.

PARTIES.

George Moor, Esq.

Joseph Parr, M. D. 4

Rev. George Stone -

Nathaniel Middleton, Esq. -

The Honourable Charles James Fox

Sir Edward Winnington, Bart. *

William Bullock, Esq. -

Capel Leigh, Esq. -

James Lord Selfey ——

William Bullock, Esq. ——

George Stubbs, Esq ......

Earl Camden -

Sir Charles Morgan, Bart. - - . -

D° ......

Henry Frederick Lord Carteret -Charles Gartlide, Esq. -Thomas Stapleton, Esq. -

John Probert, Esq. (Executor of the late Earl 7 of Powis, deceased) - - - - 3

Robert Bulkeley, Esq. -William Pilkington, Esq. -

Thomas Johnes, Esq. ——

Owen Anthony Poole, and John Richards, Sampson Lord Eardley -Maria Baker, Widow, and Nathaniel Hillier, Esq.

John Peyton, Esq. -

Peter Lord Gwydir -

John Penn, Esq. -

Juliices of the County of Worcester

Rev. John Jenner, D. D.

Samuel Rogers, Esq. -John Lubbock, Esq. -Sir James Bland Burges, Bart. Elisabeth Pedley, Spinster -

P R E M I S E S.

Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground, containing together about Three Acres, bounded by Hedge-lane on the East, the Haymarket on the Well, and Cockspur-street on the South, including Great and Little Suftblk-streets, with the Messuages and Buildings thereon.

Mynydd-y-Twr Common, County of Angle fey, for the purpose of digging White Clay. Tenements atEgham Ilythe, County of Surrey.

Manor of Allington, within the Honor of Eweime, County of Southampton.

A Wood called Fan Grove, in Chertley, County of Surrey.

Divers Coppices and Wood Grounds in the Forest of Wyre, County of Worcester.

The Hundreds of Oake and Morton, County of Berks.

Manor of Wondy, with the Fishery of Like and Caerleon, County of Monmouth.

Derelict Lands in Siddlefham, Paglinm, and Selfey, County of Sussex.

The Prison-house, and divers Tenements and Lands at Wallingford, County of Berks.

The Cannon Costee-house, at Charing-cross.

The Herbage of the Great Forest of Brecon, County of Brecon.

The Agiftinent of the Great Forest of Brecon.

The Manors of Wymondham and East Deerham, County of Norfolk.

The Manor of Biggleswade, County of Bedford.

Holt Castle Ditch, and other Lands in County of Denbigh.

A Messuage and Lands at Skelton Coat, County of York.

The Manors of Mavenith and Croythyn, with a certain Lead Mine called Efgayr-y-Mwyn Mine, County of Cardigan.

The Cal'tle of Ludlow, and the Scite thereof, with the Ground thereto belonging, County of Salop*

Lands in Dyronwy, Clegyrock, &c. County of Anglesey.

A Messuage in Whitehall-court, with a Piece of Ground thereto adjoining.

Mines and Minerals in Mynydd Llanfair Common, County of Cardigan.

Slate Quarries in Manodand Moelwyn Common,. County of Merioneth The Manors of Whapload and Moulton, County of Lincoln.

One undivided Third Part of the Manor of East Thorpe, and of divers Messuages and Lands, County of Essex.

The Manor of Thornton Briggs, and divers Messuages and Lands, County of York.

A Meftiiage in Whitehall-street.

A Messuage in New-street, Spring-garden.

The Scite of the old Cal'tle and Bridewell in Worcester.

Eight Messuages in St. Margaret-street, Westminster.

A Messuage in St. James's Place, with a Piece of Garden-ground in the Green Park.

A Messuage there, with a Piece of Garden-ground in the Green Park.

A Piece of Ground on the South ftde of St. James's Park, for a Garden to his House there, A Piece of Ground at Richmond, County of Surrey.*

Sep

Df

Appendix, No. 7.—An ACCOUNT of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents which have been sold by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, from the Time of making his First Report to the Legislaturc to the Time of making his Second Report; and of the Purchase-money paid for the same, and the Amount of the Three-per-Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, pasted in the 34th year of Ills Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee-Farm and other . " Unimprovable Rents."

tel

Dates of Certificates.

1798. Novem. 16.

,799« April 8. 16,

* 19-

Septem. 20.

Names of Purchasers*

Samuel Whitbread, Esq.

Henry Bull, Farmer Samuel Chace, Esq.

Thomas Evans, Gent. -William Henry White, Esq.

RENTS SOLD.

ENGLAND.

BEDFORD:

For 19 Acres of Land in Cardington

For Lands in Willstead -

For Lands in Luton -

For 14 Acres of Land there -

For Lands there -

For Lands, called The Water Ground, in Luton -

For a Tenement at Houghton Regis

For a Tenement at - D° -

For a Tenement at Houghton Conquest -

For Lands at Lutop -

For a Tenement and Orchard at Luton -

For a Tenement at Luton -

For a Tenement at the Hyde Luton

For a Tenement at Luton -

For Land at Chilton Green, Luton Parish -

For Lands at Stopftey -

For a Tenement in Butcher-row, Bedford - -

For a D° - - D° ——

For a Tenement, called The White Hart, Bedford

For a Tenement at St. John's, Bedford

For the Rectory of St. John's, Bedford -

For a Tenement there -

For D°, at St. Mary's, Bedford -

For D°, called The King's Arms, Bedford

For the Rectory of Saint Cuthbert, Bedford

For Lands in Willstead -

For Lands there -

For Lands in Milton Earnes ——

s. d.

— 92

1 4

— 3

— 7

3 8

— 4

— 10

1 6

1 a

— 3

— d

— 5 h

1 6

1 51

l 7 h

2 —

— 5

2 —

2 —

— 7

2 —

— 11

2 , 1

13 1

1 6

Land Tax allowed.

Purchase

Money.

— 19 —

— 3 — a u — 4 8-

fct

M

Appendix

Too

43 Geo. III.

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm atyi other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—continued.

Dates of Certificates. Names of Purchasers. RENTS SOLD. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

1799- B E D F 0 It D—continued. £■ *• £■ S. t i £■ *• d.

September 2% William Heniy White, Esq. - For Lands at Bardford - 1 1 58 17 —

( continued.) For Lands at Beafon in Sandy - For D° - - - - . 11 — 1 5 — 1 8 - - \

For Lands at Eyworth ——

For Lands at Milow ----- 4 - _ -

For Lands in Southill ----- — x 5 - -

For Day s Close there ——

For a T enement there -

For Lands there ----- 6 - - m

For D° - - 4 -

For D° 4 -

For a Tenement and Land there ——

For the Vicarage of Southill - 10 -

For Lands at Stanford of Southill - 4 -

For Lands at Camilton - - — 1 8 -

S For Worthend Farm, alias Northern! Farm, in 7 1 £

Fletton - -) — 1 0

For Lands there -

For Lands at Pulloxhill - 10 -

For D°

For D° 4 - - - '

' For the Vicarage of Pulloxhill ——

For a Tenement at Aplley Guise -

For part of Trull Balk, 5 Acres, at Hockley — 1 ——

For a Tenement and Orchard there — 1 ——

For D° - For a Tenement and Lands at Jebworth, in 7 — 1 8 - - "

1800. Charlgrave Parish - j 4

September 12. William Henry White, Esq. - For a Cottage in Stanbridge - —-

1801.

December 23. Francis Duke of Bedford - For a Tenement called Saint Leonard's at Bedford — 15 — — 3—1

For Lands at Wooburne - — 6 8 -

For part of Lew ley Farm, alias Lufey Farm, in — 5 ) 39 1? —

Luton Parish - 3

1800. For part of D° BERKS: — 5 xo3 — *

February 18. William Nafti, Gent - - For a House in Wingfield - 4 - - - — 8 —

1801.

June 11. John Pollexfen Ballard, Esq. For Ginge Manor 1 17 10 — 7 -1 4« 4 —

For Pmkmartk Failures - — 9 4 - —

BUCKS:

1799- May 4. John Mills, Esq. - - For the Manor and Lands at Hulcot x 9 4 — 5 4 28 16 —

July 1. William Fuller, Esq. - f For Lands in Chipping Wycombe, alias High 7 ) Wycombe - - - - -) — 5 — - - - 6--

September 20. William Henry White, Esq. - | For Lands, a Tenement, and Blackimitk's / £ Shop, at Wingrave - - - ) — 1 6 - -

For D° 3 b -

For D® ii - -

For D® r 44 8 -

• For Lands at Rowfam - - - -< 7 ij 14 -

For D° - - - '

For D° 3 -

For a Tenement at Aylesbury - 6 -

ForD® - — 16 -

For D° - - - — 16 -

For D° — 2 — - - - 1 28 4 —

! For D® — 2 ——

For D®

i ! ! 1 For D® 44 - - "

For D® — 2 ——

For D° - - 4§ -

For a Tenement at Chipping Wickombe - — 1 6 -

For D® — 1 4 - -

For Lands in Edlborough -

For D® —

For D° - - - - 8 - - •

For Lands in Ivinghoe - 9 -

For Lands in Alton Clinton - 1 ——

For Lands at Turlield - — 1 6\ - -

December 18. 1801. Sir John Dashwood King, 7 Bart. - - -) For a Capital Messuage in Well Wickham — 6 — - - - 7 * *—

February 19. Isaac King, Esq. For a Tenement in Chipping Wickombe - — 3 10 - — 4 12 —

March 11. 1799- William Todd, Yeoman For a Tenement in Aylesbury -CAMBRIDGE: - 7 4 —’

May 27, Jacob John Whittington, Esq. For Lands called Ravenlhold, in Burrowgreen - — 13 4 —

For Lands at Bottilham - - — 7 x —

For Lands there ----- — 22 - — ‘

For Four Acres of Pallure and 16 Acres of Land 7 2 - . > 3* x*2 —

there - - - f

For One Messuage, 3 Acres of Field Ground, and 7 , -i - -

3 Roods of Pallure there - - - - J For Lands at Croyden alias Crawden — — 7 - c -- 1 c>

1 by Vj iO Ajyic

Appendix,:

(No. 13.)

150 Deceit hr

continued.

756

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, ;No. i3.)

* Dcce»ihris,

continued.

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, be.—continued.

Dates of Certificates. Names of Purchasers.

1799’- November 18. John Tharp, Esq. - -

1800.

July 25. 1801. John Buller, Esq. - - J

January 13. Benjamin Howard, Esq. - 3

1799-June 28. John Leigh, Esq. - -

1800.

September 26. William Turbutt, Esq. - - 1

1 1801. March 19. 1 Philip Cell, Esq. - - J

April 27. Mary Alcock, Spinster - 1

December 31. Uriah Corden, Gent. - - \

1802. Francis Calvert, Esq. - - j

July 10.

1798.

June 12. John Hyne and John Hunt, 1

Churchwardens of Black- > I

1800. awton j (

February 18. James Rodd, Esq. - - j Rev. John Vivian, Clerk - 1

March 24. Sir Laurence Palk, Bart. - ]

1801.

January 10. William Brock - - - 1 i

April 2. Thomas Amies, Esq. - - j

16. Thomas Smith, Gent. 1 1

(in Trait) - - - j

May 28. John Huxtable, Stationer - I

June 11. 1802. John Polleafen Bastard, Esq. j

May 25. William Wimpey, Esq. - j

1791. June 18. 1801. Charles Sturt, Esq. - - I

January 13. Thomas Lord Camelford - 1 i 1

1 1 William Clavell, Esq. - - 1 1

December 23. j Francis Duke of Bedford - 1

1802. March 13. Andrew Bain, M. D. - - I

27- Samuel White, Merch* - 1

April 24. James Frampton, Esq. - I

1798. March 27. John Heaton, Esq. -

*799-

February 21. The Honble Thomas Brand, 7 1

April 27. Esq. - - - A 1 Richard Baker, and Tho* 1 J

Green, EsqM, (in Trull) - j

May 3. Eliah Harvey, Esq. - -

June 11. George Davis Carr, Esq. - <

t Edward Child, Gent. -x<

July 31. Nathaniel Garland, Esq. - 1

November 13. Robert Briliowe, Esq. - -

1801.

March 14. Ann Baroness Dowager *)

I)acre - - - - j

April 22. Hope Wilkes, Esq. - - .-

July 12. Lannoy Richd Coufsmaker,}

1802. 1 1 1 1 £T

July 10. John Conyers, Esq. - - ]

27. November 15. John Lord Henniker - - ' John Arthy, Baker James Lovet, Grocer - j

| William Cant, Gardener

RENTS SOLD.

CAMBRIDG E—continued.

CHESTER:

DERBY:

For a House and Land, called Hallow Flatts, at Compton - For Freehold Land at Iveley, in Stirley, alias ’ Shirley -

DEVON:

Dediicombe Lee (Moiety of 15 s. gd.) -3

Dedifcombe Lee (Moiety of 15 s. gd.y -3

'or Gudleigh Chapel - For Lands and Tenements in Shittleftone, alias Shifterton, alias Sheepltor ’or a Tenement near Kingdom House, alias Kingsdowne House -or South Malton St. Ann's Chapel For Lands and Tenements at Buckland-in-the- * Moor -

For Lands and Tenements in Bratton, alias' Brayton Clovelly (part of 6s. 8 d.) -

DORSET:

Bland of Purbeck

the

ESSEX:

church Parish -

For the Grange and Manor of Christal -

:or a Tenement and Lands called Prior's, in Killingden and Chipping Ongar -•or Lands called Broadock, alias Broadhope,

PI allow -

’or a House and Lands in Hackwell, late' Palmer’s and Houghton's -•or a Farm and Lands called Newd’s Acre ali Peacocks, in North Shobury

Kensington, in Aveley Por Lands in Great Chifie ror a Moiety of a Penfio nuden Rectory -

, alias

---4

---4

-9—1

— n -1

— 3 —

— 2

-----6

— 7

— 7 ioi

---8

- 2 6

— 3 3

— 4 2

" 13 4 1 1 4

— 3 8

— 1 4

— l5 8

1 13 7

— 5 a

— 12 10

— 14 8

— 3 2

— 93

— 2-}

1 IO —

— 13 4

— 16 —

‘— 1 2

Land Tax allowed.

£■ '■ d.

— a 8

4 —

:s

Purchase

Money.

— 6 —

~ 6

— 3 —

— 2 8

£. s. d. > 8 — — 8 —

10 17 —

38 8-

H 9 — 213 —

4 16 —

1 6 —

— 13 6

—. 8 —

9 9 —

1 4 —

9 9 —

— 16 —

28 —

3 18 —

5 12 6

12 16 —

47 4 —

10 16 — 20 16 —

13 -

776

4a n <5

15 8-17 13 —

3 8 —

2 8 —

3 16 •—

— 12 —

11 2 —

3 4 —

28 16 —-

— 10 —

15 12 —

14 8 — 17 11 —

~ 13 6

1 11 6

— 1 —

No

43 GeoIII.

Appendix.

757

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—continued*

Dates of Certificates.

1799. February 12

June 26

Names of Purchasers.

William Young, Gent. William Henry White, Esq.

1&01.

November 24. 1802. January 26. March 13. November 15.

1799-March 5. July 31.

August 12.

26,

1800. March 8.

18. July 26. 1801, January 9. . March 14.

May 29. 1861. October 17.

1802. March 29. April 28.

November 15.

Vox.. c8.

Edmund Pateshall, Esq.

Thomas Bird, Esq.

Richard Payne Knight, Esq William Hyde, Farmer

Joseph Stevens, Merch* Justinian Cidamajor, Esq.

Robert Pocock, Miller

Lord John Townshend

The Honourable Thomas 1 Dimfdale, Baron of the > RufTian Empire - -)

John Free, Esq. -Rev.William Graham, Clerk

Thomas Kinder, Esq. -Michael Heathcote, Esq.

Philip Earl of Hardwick

John Emmett, Esq.

John Langford, Esq. -

Stephen Urlwyn, Gent. -Geo. Woodford Thelluflon, Esq. -Richard Mason the Elder, Watchmaker -

RENTS SOLD.

HEREFORD

Fof Lands for an Obit in the Church of Oke Pitchard -

A Tenth out of Lands, part of Grimfditch Farm in Barrow, in the Parish of Peinbridge For a House in Blackmarfon's, near Hereford For a House and Garden at Blackmarfon's - For a Tenement and Land in Bodenham For Lands in Bodenham - - - For Lands in Bodenham -

For Lands in Wiehell Gate, in Bodenham For Lands, called The Ferae at Bodenham For an Orchard in Bodenham For Lands in Clifford - For Lands in Cabbalds and Marefield For Lands in Cabbalds and Marefield For Lands in Credenhiil - - For the I loe in Col wall - For Lands in Foye -for Lands at Drybridge, in St. Martin’s Parirti, in Hereford -

For a 1 loufe and Garden without Wiginore Gate, in AH Saints Panlh, Hereford - For a House in All Saints Parish, Hereford Fur a House, called The Greyhound, m Igne-7 street, in All Saints Parish, Hereford - - \

For Two Houses in Wigmarlh-street, in Hereford For a House in Capuchin-lane, in St. Peter’s ~ Parish, in Hereford - For a House and Garden next behind the Bridewell in St. Owen’s Parish, in Hereford For a House and Garden Ground, about half a 7 Rood, near the Fryer’s Gate, in Hereford - j For a Tenement in Kyneton - For a Tenement in Kyneton - For a Tenement in Kyneton - For part of Scondrett’s House in Kyneton For part of the lame - For part of the fame -

For part of the fame - For part of the fame - For part of the fame - For Lands in Hargurst, belonging to the Free) School of Kington - - - - -j

For Lands in Laintwardine, near Brampton Bryar For Lands in Marefield - For Lands in Mitley -

For a Tenement in Pcmbridge For Lands in Shurley - For Lands in Stokebiifs - For Lands in Stokebiifs - For Lands in Triplcton - For a I loufe, Garden, and Land in Whittington - For Lands, part of Whitewell Grange For a Messuage and Close in Wanton or Almelly

A Tenth out of Lands called Carpenters Wood 7 in Barrow, in the Parish of Peinbridge - - )

For Two Houses in St. Martin’s-street, Hereford For Buriton Hall, alias Burlington Ilall For Lands in So pie -

HERTFORD:

For the White Hart Inn, in St. Alban’s - For the Manor of Holmes, alias Canons, in 7 Shency, alias Shenley Parish - - - )

For a Tenement in , Sopwell-lane in Ilalliwell 7

Ward, St. Albairs ...... )

For Lands in Am well, called Balls

For the Manor of Brays in Wyllyen

For the Manor of Weitread in Therfield - For Lands in Watford, called Greenmore Lands -

For the Blue Bell in St. Peter’s Ward, St. Alban’s For part of the Manor of Sheepalbury, (part of 7 £. i. 16s. id. for the said Manor) - -J For the Rectory of Ridge -

For Lands at Graves, in the Parish of St. Peter, in St. Alban’s - For a House and Lands, called High Oakefield, in St. Alban's ——

For a Tenement in Middle Ward St. Alban’s

For the Priory of Langley Regis For the Manor of Walhall -

For a Tenement in Middle Ward, St. Alban's -1

o G

£- * d.

— 2 4

— 1 8

~ 1 4

-~_3i

--1 4

---4

---4

---6

—*12 — 2 8

-----8.}

— 12

— 16

— 1 6i

-----6

— 2 —

— 1 4

-----8

-----4

-----4

-----8

-----8

— 1 8

— 12

-----2

-----6

-----8

-----6

— 4

— 6

1 4 1 —

— 2 4

— 10 —

1-----

— 8 —

— 8 —

— 9 4

--4

— 1 8

— 5

126

— 2 —

— 4 8

— 12 —

— a 8

— 9 4 8

Land Tax

allowed.

Purchase

Money.

Appendis

(No. 13;

15° Dec

confirmed.

2 16 —«

>47 H —

4 —

4 —

— 2 —

— 4 —

3 1 —

13-----

20 16 — 10 16 —

9 12 11 4

— 8

2 r—

22 4 2 8

5 12 . 12 — 3 4

l* 2 12 —

1 6 —

20 16 — 12 3 —

— 18 —

758

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 13.) -

5* Decembris, Dates of

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—coritinued.

Certificates.

Names of Purchasers.

continued.

* 1799-

May 16. John George Calthorpe, Esq. June 25.I George Tennyson, Esq.

November 11. Edmund Turnor, Esq. -1800.

July 9. Humphrey Sibthorp, Esq. September 12. William Henry White, Esq.

RENTS SOLD.

LINCOLN:

A Rent of Assize in Pinchbeck - For Rents and Farms in Welt Raison, belonging to St. Mary’s Chantry there - -

For Lands in Kirmond -

- {

For a Rent of Assize in Marsh Chapel For Rents ef Assize in Alvingham -

For Rents of Assize in Mefiingliam -

For Lands in Long Bennington For Rents of Assize in Thorpe For an Orchard lying at the Pinfold, in the J Middle of Keddington Town - - - 3

For a Little Croft of Pasture there - For a Tenement in Ludford - For a Messuage in Rothwell - For Lands in Navenby - For Two ’lofts in Stow, late William Burges,? et al. - - 3

For Rents of Assize in Upton

-I

£. s.

For Rents of Assize in Thedelthorpe For Rents of Assize in Ilarborough, alias" Yarborough

For Rents of Assize in Pinchbeck

For Rents and Farms in Thetford -

For Rents of Assize in Blighton

For Rents of Assize in Ofgodby

For Kents of Assize in iShendleby -

For Rents of Assize in Marsh Chapel

For the Rectory of Hareby -

For Lands in North Rawceby

For Lands there ——

For Lands there -

For a Tenement in Wrangle, late Reads For Lands in Surfleet, late Hugh Read’s -

For Rents and Fanns in Well Raison, belonging to St, Mary’s Chantry there

L

For Rents and Farms in Barton, belonging to 1 Thomas-a-Becket’s Chantry there - - j

For Lands in Corringham - For Lands in Warholme - For Lands in Harlaxton and Ingoldlby

For Lands in Gunnerlby and Harlaxton, late the Earl of Rutland’s -

For Lands in Bennington - For Lands in Barton - - - For Lands in Thetford - For Lands in Allackby - For Lands in Hogsthorpe, late John Bond’s For Lands in Croft -

---4

— 5 —

— 2 —

— 16

— 10 6 10

— 1 —

---9}

" * 4

— 2 —

— 2 —

-----u

-----7i

— 1 7

— 1 6

--- 8

— 1 8

---10

— — 4

1801. March 10, August 8.

September 2.

1802. November 15.

1800. April 29.

1801. January 9

March 14,

4

6

4

6

5

9

— 4

— 8

— 4

1 4

— 6

1 1 1

* 2

3 10

2 10

— 10

— 6

2 2

1 8

— 5

1 8

— 4

— 6

— 6

1 —

— 9

1 10

■ 4

2 —

• 1 10

• 1 —

Rev. Matthew Preston, Clerk William Henry White, Esq. -

William Henry White, Esq. -Brownlow Lord Brownlow

For Huntingdon House

For Lands in Brattelby - For Rents of Assize in Langton For the Tythes of Luddington Grange For Lands in Bimbroke - For a Rent of Assize in Bimbroke - For a-Rent of Assize in Marsh Chapel For Rents and Farms in Well Raison, belonging to St. Mary’s Chantry there - For Rents and Farms in Well Raison, belonging to St. Mary's Chantry there - For Lands in Gunnerby - *.

For Lands in Gunnerby -

John Castell and Samuel Call ell, Esqrs.

Mailer, Wardens, and Com- ‘ monalty of the Mystery of Cutlers -

Sir Richard Glode/Knight-

David Pugh, Esq.

LONDON:

For Tenements again!! Creed Church in Leadenhall-street -

For the Belle Savage, on Ludgate-hill

For Tenements, called Montague-court without Bishopsgate - - . \

For Two Tenements in Rood-lane

1

Land T ax allowed. Purchase Money.

£■• £■ ». d.

} ‘ * 8 8 —

J 1 16 —

10 4 —

• 1 1 ,1 1 1 4 II 1 1 •

8

4 2 8 4

-----7

— — 10

— * _4

---* 6

— l 6

---* 5

— — 6

~ 3 8 — 2 6

10 —

— 7 4

— 2 8

— 4

/73 13 —;

*9 4" 4 * —

—- n —

16 6

13 — — lit-3 4

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

759

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—continued.

Dates of Certificates,

1800. February 19

1802. June 2.

1708. January 18.

19

November 14 1801. March 2.

May 18. December 31.

1799*

November 2.

11.

1800. June 20. June 20. July 25.

AuguA 6.

Names of Purchasers.

Governors of the G rey Coat 7 Hospital, inTothillFields, S C° Middlesex - -j William Noble and others, Overseers of St. Sepul chre’s Parish -

s, )

1801.

December 18.

1802. February 27.

April 24.

1801. November 24 1S02. January 22.

March 31

Henry Mayne, Yeoman Mary Check lev, Widow Henry Whitwoil, Grazier -Richard liarbert, Gent.

Owen Wallis and Jonn7 Manton, Churchwardens > of Ilham - - -j

Robert Peach, Esq. -

John Bromley, senior -

Thomas Brown, Butcher

Thomas Wollaston White, 7

...... 5

William Ilardmett, Farmer -Elizabeth Griffin, Widow -James K*ariley, Gent, and | Sarah his Wife - - - 3

William Henry W hite, Esq. -

RENTS SOLD.

June 14.

1802. November 15

1798. 1 October 12.

r d799'

February 12. March 4. 5-15*

1800. April 5. May 30.

1801. May 7.

1802.

May 25.

August *7.

William Henry White, Esq. -

.Tolm Davis, Esq. - -Humphrey Sibthorpe, Esq.

Charles Gibbons, Esq. -William John Yonge, Esq. Thomas Jclf Powis, Esq.

MIDDLESEX:

For a Wharf near Millbank, Westminster -

For Houses built on Ground called the Dunghill, nigh Cow Cross, in St. John's-Areet

NORTH AMPTON:

For Lands in Bringftone Magna et Parva I'or Lands in Bringlione Magna et Parva For a Tenement in Stamford St. Martin's lor Lands in Grimsby, alias Grimlbury -

For Ifiiam Rectory -

For a House, called The Plume of Feathers and 7 Shoulder of Mutton, in Northampton - - J

For Land at W elt thorp, in Byetieid

NOTTINGHAM

For Lands in Balterton and Barimeby, belong- 7 ing to the Altar of All Saints in Newark > Church ——

For Lands and Tenements in Tuxford, belong- 7 ing to the Chantry there - - * - j

For Lands at Wyfall -

l or Lands at Wyfall -

For Lands at Wyfall -

For Lands in Key worth -

For Lands in Trowell -

For Lands in Cofiail -

For Lands in Nottingham -

For a house in Southwell -

For Lands at Southwell -

For Southwell House

OXFORD:

For Lands and Tenements, called Dutton's, Holden, in Oxon Suburbs

£■ «• d-— 1 8

-----ii

-----1 i

— 4 4

— >3 4

— 1 4

— 34

-- IO -

1 9 n

— 6 8 — 6 8

-----4

— 2 —

-----4

— 11

— 34

— 3 —

Land Tax allowed.

£. s. d.

— 4 —

— 2 8

2 —

— 4 —

16 7£

£• *• * 19 4 —

25 —

— 3 —

— 3 —

— 1 4 5 4 —

12 16 —

1 12 —

4 7 —

9 12 -

S1 2 —

8-----

8-----

— 8 —

>14 2 —

William Mafefield, Gent.

William Ileniy W'hite, Esq. -

Thomas Bowyer, Merch*

Thomas Baldwyn, Farmer Mary Davers, SpinAer -John PaternoAer, Surgeon -Ann Big/by, Widow

Rev. Roger Kedington - -

Alexander Adair and Wil-"7 burn Brice, Elhrs. Exe- f cutors of the Will of Wii- r hain Adair, Esq. deceased j John Sheppard, Esq.

Rev. Rob.ert Cary Barnard -Nicholas WanoArocht, L.L.D. ——

For Lands in Milcombe -

For Sutton Manor - 10 61 - -

SALOP:

For a House in the Wild Copp in ShrewAiury - — 6 8 - -

_ For the Rectory of Sutton Maddox — 7 4

For Lund in Caillefield, under the Castle of Salop — 3 4 - -

* For Lauds iu Brethcote - — 8 1$ - -

For D° - in Caldercote - - — 5 9i - -

For an Acre of Land, with a Curtilage, in 7 5

Pulley, in St. Julians Parish, in Salop - j

For a Farm called Monkmore Farm — 14 6 - -

For Lands in Shepyfield et al. - - i — 5 4 - -

For Lands in Stutt, alias Stitte, alias Slitte — 4 9 - -

- For a Shop or Tenement in Newport — 3 8 - -

For a House or Tenement in Newport — 2 — •*

STAFFORD:

For Two Tenements in Boor-street, Lichfield — 6 8

For part of a Tenement in St. John's-Areet, 7 Lichfield - -) — 4 — - -

For Tenements in Bird-street, and at the 7

corner of Market-street, Lichfield - - 3 1 —

For a Stable in Gay-lane, Lichfield — 1 — -

SUFFOLK:

For a Cottage and Orchard at Talworth, alias 7 f.

\\rating, alias Wratting - - - -j — 0

For Lands in Brandefron - — — 3 - -

For a Tenement and Land at ThurAon - — 1 - -

For Lands at Halketon - - - - 1 — - -

For a Tenement and Land in Iiawcted — — 1 - -

For a Tenement and Land at Rougham - — — 4 - -

For Lands in Blockfell,. alias JBlackihall - — - - 8 - m

For Lands in Withersfield - - - — * - 6 - m m

For Lands in New Buckingham — 8 9 - * I

For Lands called Bishops Hough, id D° - 1 * 5$ 5d by ■g}4

— 3 — 17 14 6

7 16 — 13 14 6

8 13 6 |13 17 6

>50 H

7

>17 2 —

— 12 — — 6 —

— 2 —

» 4 —

— 8 — — 18 —

— 16 —

— 13 a 1316 —

Appendix t •; (No. 13.)' 1.?; W•

Purchase Money.

-----— continued.

760

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

iCNo. ,3.)

: 50 Decembris

continued.

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—continued.

Dates of Certificates. Names of Purchasers. RENTS SOLD. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

1801. SURREY: £. s. d. 1 £. s. d.

August 7. John Williams Rriftow, Esq. For Lands at Beddington .... 8 - — 16 —

October 13. Francis Duke of Bedford For Lands at Leighain Court - — 10 — — 2 —1 10 8 —

1802.

July 26. Edward Beefton Long* Esq. For Futtenhain Manor — 12 — — 2 — 13 10 —

1800. WORCESTER:

April 29. 1801. John Millard and William 7 Banner Shackell, Farmers 3 For Lands and Tenements at Broadmerfton ~ 4 5.? - 576

January 10. William Palmer, Gent. - - For Norton Grange, in King's Norton — 7 i° - 9 8 —

April 16. Coning!by Norbury, Esq. - For Muchhiil, alias Muchhall Close, in St. 7 8 1

Nicholas Parish, in Wych - - - j I \'5 4 —

For a House and Garden in Wych " — 9 — ,

September 22. For a Tenement and Orchard in Wych - — 3 — 1

William Henry White, Esq. - For Lands in Breedon ----- 8.J

For Lands in Breedon ----- 8* -

For Lands in Breedon ----- Ik -

For Lands in Breedon -

For the Price of 5 Dozen of Larks in Bengworth — 1 3 -

For a House in Bewdley - 1 3 -

For Lands in Chafeley, alias Chaddefley - 8 -

For Lands and Tenements in Cockley, called 7 1 m m

Pefdon - - - J

For Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Croombe c 1 m

For Lands in Iluntingdrope - - - - For a Cottage, with a Garden adjoining, in 7 .{= 3 -

Kempfey, alias Kempfiey - - - - C — 1 ——

For Lands, part of Bearcroft Mead, in Great 1 -

Malvern - -3 4

For Lands called Oxneatt in Norton For Rents of the Tenants in Oniborne, called 9

Whitsun Farthings - S For a Pasture, formerly part of the Vineyard, 7 9

in Perth ore (part of 4 *. 5 \ d.) - - - ( — 11 -

For a Cottage, with a parcel of Land and 7 Meadow, in Pendock - - - -3 2

For a Tenement and Lands in Sevemftoak 3 -

For part of Hall’s Lands, and parcel of the 7 Manor of Suckley (part of 5 s. 1 d.) - - C 2 - ^08 13 —

For Lands, parcel of the Manor of Suckle)7,7

(part of 5 s. 1 d.) - J 83 -

For Lands, part of the Parsonage of Tenbury EE! -

For Three Tenements in Foregate-street, 7 t 3 6 - . - -

Worcester - - J

For a House at the Quay in Worcester — 11 - -

For 3 Houses in the High-street, Worcester — 1 ——

For a House in High-street, Worcester — 1 4 "

For Bufliley, alias Bulhy Close, in Wych - — 1 — *

For a House at St. Mary Whitten, in Wych — 1 — -

For a House in St. Andrew's Parish, in Wych - 4 -

For a House in St. Andrew's Parish, in Wych - 8 -

For Lands called Spring Close, in Wych - 3 - ’

1802. For Lands in Wick, near Perlhore - 6 - - u

March 31. William Hall, Gent. - - For a Meadow in Burton upon the Water — 7 4 9 n —

1798. YORK: - — 6 8

April 20. 1799» Robert Hutton, Gent. - - For the Farm of Tythes in Whitewell Ambo * 13 4 32

April 5. William Spooner, Mercer - For Lands, called Dikeholms and Bewail Moor,'» — 5 2j 6 5 —

1802. * in Fishlake - -3

May 15. Thomas Wilson, Esq. - - For the Manor of Stamford Briggs, alias Stain-'1 ford Briggs 13 2 3i 2 12 '5$ 283 5 6

3i. Joseph Sykes, Esq. - - - For Lands or Hereditaments, parcel of the' 1 , Ol 1 <1 - -

Manor of Cottingham, Westmoreland - ‘ — 4 — X A I#

June 2i. Watson Scatcherd, Esq. For Lands or Hereditaments, parcel of the*1 184 — 5 8 30 12 —

Manor of Cottingham, Westmoreland - ,

WALES.

1798. CARMARTHEN:

March 26. 1800. William Morris dc Thomas 7 IVlonis, Esqrs. - - -3 For the Manor of Llanftephan - 27 13 — 5 10 —. 531 12 —

February 8. \Vm Owen Brigstock, Esq. - For sundry Fee-Farm Rents in Cligen * *7 4 6 — 37 12 —

1800. DENBIGH: >

April 26. Rev. Edw. Hughes, Clkf - For Lands in Berraigne and Bodifcaven - 2 10 — —* 10 ■j

' s For Lands called Vernwaure, Conimot. Iftufcs - — 19 — j 7016 —

E;

h

h.

Die . :ed by

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

761

Appendix, No. 7.—An Account of all Fee-Farm and other Unimprovable Rents, &c.—continued.

Dates of Certificates. , j . Names of Purchasers. RENTS SOLD. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

1708. February 21. PEMBROKE: £■ d. £• s. d. £. s. d.

William Knox, Esq. - - - For Grange Blainwithno, &c. 52 11 io| IO IO 1,010 5 —

1799-December 21. Abraham Leach, Esq. - - For a Tenement in Weft Pembroke, calledCorfton 3 IO — IO 48

1798. May 19. Jacob Earl of Radnor - - RADNOR: For Radnor Forest - 11 2 4 — 211 4 —

Appendix

(No. 13.),

150 ’Decembi,

continual.

(__________

TOTALS:

Rents fold. Land Tax allowed. P.trchafe Money.

In ENGLAND - . £■ 79 4 d. 5i £■ d. 8 9 £■ s. d L774 9 —

In WALES - 99 *4 19 IO 1,909 9 —

i/8 5 7i 27 19 1$ 3,683 18 —

Land Tax allowed -* - 27 19 1}

Not Amount - 150 d <3i

Amount of Tlire?-per-cei:t. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased with the said Sum of X'. 3,083. i3i. 6.447 1 5

Annual Amount of Dividend of said Stock - - - * - £■ 193 8 3

Appendix, No. 8.—An ACCOUNT of the Total Amount of the Monies paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Side of Fee-Farm Rents.

1802. 17 November \_ _ _ r-5c,-. 6.

inciulivaj

Bank of England, 7 ? j

Dec. 7th 1802. \ 4. Nezvland.

Note.—Though the Payments which have been actually made into the°Bank of Finland, to the Account of the Sale of Fee-Farm Rents, amount to £.7,567. 11. 6. as above stated, yet the real Produce oi the Sales is only /,-7:55°* the difference between tiiufe Totals, being £. 16. 19. arises from a Purchas'er’s having {raid that linn erroneoully; and it was therefore necessarily withdrawn from the Account.

Appendix, No. 9.— An ACCOUNT of the Total Amount of per-cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased in the name of the Lord High! reafurer of England; diliinguishing how much thereof was purclmfed between the 1 llli June 1794 the 2d December 1797, and how much between the 2d December 1797 and ^ie present time.

£. s. 105,769 18

H

Purchased before the 1 ith June 1794 -

D° between nth June 1794 and 2d De-7

cember 1797 ) 9

D° between 2d December 1707 and the 7 1

p rel'en t time - ,

Total Annuities Handing in the name 7 r

of the Lord 11 -gh TnJufurer - - \ 123,44~ 14

Annual Interest on £.123,142. 14. 3. at 3. 7

per-cent, per annum - - J J

5 7

Bank of England, 7 3d Dec. 1802. } W" Waltony

Acco1 Gen1.

Vol. 58.

Appendix, No. 10. (A.)—To the Right honourable the Lords Com-

millioners of His Majesty s Treasury.

My Lords,

lx order to cariy into efieft the Provisions of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, cap. 60, relative to the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on the Estates belonging to the Crown, it becomes necessary for me to submit to your Lordships consideratiun what parts of those Eilatcs may be most eligible and proper to be sold for raising a Fund for this purpose; and likewise to folieit your Lordships Instructions with respect to the mode to be adopted for ascertaining the value thereof, and acquiring, according to the directions of the Ac% the belt price which can he obtained for the fame.

In the arrangements to be made for this purpose, it is undoubtedly proper that the general Advantage and Improvement of the Landed Estate of the Crown should be kept in view; and it is desirable that such parts of the property should be selected for sale as are leaf! productive in proportion to their value, and such as are likely to be of more value to the Individuals who may be the Purchasers, than they can be to the Crown, if retained.

The articles of this description may, I apprehend, be comprised generally under the following heads:

1. Such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown as consist of

Manerial Rights only, or Manorial Rights and Quit-Rents, without any Lands, or with very hnall quantities of Lands belonging to them; and where the greater part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the property of Individuals.

2. Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Pro-

prietor, but is entitled only to an undivided share, jointly with Individuals.

3. Lands dispersed in small quantities, and intermixed with the

property of Individuals, and lying remote from other property belonging to the Crown.

4. Tythes belonging to the Crown issuing out of Lands which are

the property of Individuals.

5. Mills.

6. Fisheries.

7. Ferries.

8. Mooring Chains.

There is a ninth kind of Property from which, perhaps, a considerable sum might be drawn, and which it is extremely delirable to be able to dispose of without special Acts of Parliament; namely,

9 H those

1

762

Appendix. . A. 1802.

Appendix,

| (No. 13.)

Decs mbits, i CO'\tihlU'd.

I'

t;

p

thnfc parts of the W&ftos ludonging to the Crown, in Wales, the polTHlion of which has been usurped, or encroached upon, and the foil improved by Individuals; who, though they would oppnle any attempt of the Crown to recover the Lands, would probably confont to pay a good price for a confirmation of their Titles.

from the falc of articles of the above description, it is probable that a Fund may he raised iiillicient for the Redemption of a con-fojerable portion of the Land 'Fax charged on the other parts of the Land Revenue, without any material diminution of the preterit Annual Income anting therefrom.

In ascertaining the value of the Property to be disposed of, I apprehend that the nde prescribed by the Act for the better management oi the Land Revenue, relative to Eltutes to be granted by Lc-afe, must be adhered to in all cases where it will be found to apply; namely, that an actual Survey should be made by practical and competent Surveyors upon oath, where the value of the Premises is capable of b'bng afeertaihed by Survey. This, though not expressly directed by the Act for the Sale of the Land Tax, fecins clearly to be intended determined by that Claute of the Ad which empowers your Lordships to order any Exponrcs that may be necessarily incurred " for making Sur-" Tci/s oj the ilftates, or otherwise, in relation to the Sale thereof," to be defrayed out of the Purchase-monies arising from the Sale.

When the value is thus ascertained by competent Surveyors upon oath, where the nature of the property will admit of it, 1 humbly conceive that the Parties holding the Premises as Tenants of the Crown may be considered to have a reasonable claim* to the preference of purchase, at a rate to be fixed with the approbation of your Lordships, and which may be varied from time to time, as the fluctuation in the price of the Funds may render it necessary or expedient.

But in the case of Manors, and more dpecially of such as conlift principally of Manorial Rights extending over the private property of Individuals, and which have little or no Land belonging to them, and the value of which to the actual PolVelVor depends more on the degree of personal convenience arising from the privileges annexed to the Manor, than the pecuniary profit which it yields, it seems to me, that the best price is most likely to be obtained by means of the competition which would probably be occasioned by advertising the Sale of such Manors, and desiring that Persons inclined to treat for the purchase thereof would deliver Proposals in writing to the Surveyor General, dating the highest price they are willing to give for the fame; and therefore I submit to your lordships, whether that mode should not be adopted in the fule of articles of this description, unless

in any particular indance a Sale by private Contract shall be de-med determined by your Lordships more likely to be for the advantage ut the Pub’i *.

It will however be iwrellary, in those cases, that Rentals lliouKi he previously obtained of the Quit-Rents of such Manors, and exact Returns of Courts hold, and of Fim-s, I leriots, and other catral profits, with Accounts of Common* and Waite.- belonging tfo-mio, and such other particulars as may lie necessary for forming a judgment of their value; and therefore i humbly submit that it lnav be proper that I should be authorized by your Lordships to requite Accounts of those particulars irom the respective Stewards, to be vended on Oath if required.

'Flu* Priee to be paid for Articles of the Ninth Class I apprehend can only he settled by Treaty with the Possessors of the di.lerent Encroachments, in which the length of Pullellion, and other relative circumstances of each cale, may be taken into consideration; for which purpose it may lie necessary to employ some active and intelligent Agent to inveliigate the fads, and to treat with the rel’pcdivtr Parties on the lpot, under the direction of the Surveyor General, and subject to your Lordships approbation.

The Ad authorizes the Surveyor General to cunt rad with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Manors, Metliiages, Lands, <ke. belonging to the Crown, for the bell Prices or considerations in Money, which lie shall he able to procure for the fame; but directs Unit no inch Contract shall be made without a special Warrant to be ilVued for that purpose from the Treasury. It will therefore be nee diary for tire Surveyor General, on every Treaty for a Sale, and previously to the entering into any Contract, to report to your Lordships the particulars of every such Treaty, and of the property which is the Subject of it;—the means employed for ascertaining the value;—the Expences necessarily incurred in relation to the Sale;—and the not Sum to be paid into the Bank, to be inverted in the purcluife of Three-per-cent. Annuities. \ our Lordships will therefore have the fullest information, and most complete control on every proceeding relative to this l’uhjed; and it would teem therefore only to be necessary for me, in the Suit inltaiiee, to obtain your I*ord-lliips Instructions relative to the descriptions of Property most ihgible and proper to be sold, and the methods to he adapted for aiccrtuinii g the value, and fixing the price to he paid for the same.

All which is humbly 14U1 October 1798. lubiuitted to your LordtVip*.

Joint Forchce,

Survf Gen1.

Appendix, No. 11.—-A SCHEDULE of all Manors, MelTiniges, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, belonging to the Land Tax charged upon the Land Revenues of the Crown, by virtue of the Acts 38 George III. cap. bo. and 41 Surveyor General's Second Report to the Legislature ;—(hewing, the Dates of the Contracts for such Sales respectively; employed to survey the fame; the Terms unexpiml of the lall Eeafes at the* time of Sale; and the Pun-hufc-muney Surveys or other Accounts; and the Rents rci'erved, and Fines paid, for the la't Lc-aics thereof.

Note.—In those instances in which the Lcules contained other Premises betides those which have been fold, and which are-

Dates of Cent rads. PREMISES SOLD. Names of Purchasers.

1709. February 12. BRECON:

Seven Mills, called the Forest Mills, otherwise the Custom Mills, in the 7 Lordship of Brecon ( John Powell, Gent.

1801. BUCKINGHAM:

May 23. The Three Hundreds of Newport, called Dunltowe, Mulfoe, and Segloe George Wrighte, Esq. -

August 14. Tythes of Corn and Hay in the Manor and Parish of Dinton - Matthew Raper, Esq. -

1802. % DENBIGH:

November 22. A Tenement and Lands in Kilkennis, within the Lordship of Denbigh D U R II A M: William Roberts, Esq. and the Paw. Rob!) Meyrick Humphreys, Clerk - -)

1801.

September 19. The Prebends of Eldon, Windleftone, Midridge, and Cotmdon, heretofore I

funded in the Collegiate Church of Aukland, conlilmm of the Great V Tythes ot those I’arilhes, in the Bishoprick of Durham ° . C Sir John Eden, Bart. -

1799. ESSEX:

September 4. H \Velt°HaiIann Brampt°n Fk'ld’in Uie Purifl.es of East Ham and 7 William Grecnhill - -

1802. -J

October 7. Divers Houses and Lands at Stratford, parcel of the Manor of Weft Ilam - Charles Reynolds -

November 12 Divers Lands at Weft Ham, parcel of the lame Manor - Cliriftopher James Hayes

Divers Tenement* and Land* near Bow Bridge, parcel of the lame Manor . 1 John Stanley Smart, Esq.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

763

N° to.—(B.)

Sir,

THE Lords Commissioners of His Maj city's Treasury having had under their ronfub*ratinn your Representation, dated 14th of October lull, relative to the Sale of certain parts of His Majesty's Land Revenue, to raile a Fund for the Redemption of the Land Tax on the Residue, I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, that they agree with you in opinion, that it will be desirable that such parts of the Property lhoukl be li lecied as are leaf! productive in proportion to their value, and Inch as are likely to be of more value to the Individuals who may become Pure halers, than they can be to the Crown, if retained; my Lords are therefore pleated to authorize you to dispose of Articles failing under the following general heads; viz.

I. Such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown as consist of

Manerial Rights only, or Manorial Rights and Quit Rents without any Lands, or with small quantities of Lands belonging to them, and where the greater part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the property of Individuals.

J. Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor,

but is entitled only to an undivided share, jointly with individuals.

Lands dispersed in small quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown.

4. Tythes belonging to the Crown inking out of Lands which are the

Property of Individuals.

5. Mills.

6. Fisheries.

Crown should have a preference of Purchase, at a rate to be fixed with the approbation of this Board.

My Lords approve of your suggestion of advertising the Sale of Manors, and Manerial Rights, and think it will be proper that Persons inclined to treat for the purchase thereof should deliver Proposals in writing to you, dating the highell Price they are willing to give for the fame, unless in any particular instance my Lords Ihoidd think a Sale by private Contract should be deemed more likely to be for the advantage of the Public; and as it will be necessary in these cases that Rentals should be previously obtained of the Quit Rents of such Manors, and Returns of Courts held, and Fines, Heriots, and other caliial Profits, with Accounts of Commons and Wades belonging thereto, and such other particulars as may be necessary for forming a judgment of their value, their Lordships direct you to require Accounts of those particulars from the respective Stewards, to be verified on oath if required.

With respect to the Price to be paid for Articles of the 9th Ckfs, mv Lords approve of your employing an intelligent Agent to investi-gate the circumstances of the Encroachments, and to treat with the Parties under your direction, subject to the approbation of this Board.

My Lords depend on you to report to them, previous to a Sale, the particulars of every Treaty, and of the Property which is the subject of it;—the means employed for ascertaining the value;—the Expends necessarily incurred in relation to the Sale; and the net Sum to be paid into the Bank, to be inveded in the purchase of Three-percent. Annuities, in order that their Lordships may grant their Warrant to authorize you to complete the several Contracts, os directed by the Ad before alluded to.

Appendix,' (No. 13.) ,

150 Decembri,t

jQjntinued.

7. Ferries.

8. Mooring Chains.

9. Wades belonging to the Crown in Wale.s’the podeihon of which

has been usurped or encroached upon.

In afrertaining the value of the Property to be thus disposed of, my Lords direct you to follow the nib* prdcished by the Act for the better management of the Land Revenue, relative to Elides to he granted by I.eaie, in atl cases where it Mil! be found to apply; and their Lord-icips think it vrill be rcaiaiubie and proper that the Tenants of the

Treasury Chambers^ iSth June 1799.

I-tun, Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Charles Long.

John Forducc, Esq.

Survr Gen1 of His Majesty s.Land Revenue

Crown, which have l>ecu sold by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, towards raising a Fury! for the Redemption of the Gorge III. cap. 1 id. for the Redemption of the Land Tax, from the commencement of the lirlt of the said Acts to the time of making the the I hem lies roinpriled therein; the Names of the Pure halers; the Annual Value of the said Premises, as returned on oath by the Surveyors paid lbr the Premilhs :—And also, shewing the Annual Value of such parts of the Premises as had been held under Lease, by the lair preceding

fliltinguiflied ly an Aiterilk, a proportionable part of the last Valuations, Reuts, and Fines, is inserted in this Schedule.

Annual Value per Survey a on Oath. Term unexpired of lair 1 eales at the time of Sab*.

£- Y 1 ears.

88 10 9 -

2 — _ 93 5 —

62 9 1

327 'I

334* 10 — 5i

90

35 H —

25i Tenements. 7 j ( 4°» Lauds. \ J J 2.J

Pi rchafe Money. Annual Value per lait preceding Surveys, &c. Rents reserved in lad Leases. Fines paid for lall Leases.

x*. *. <1. £■ s- d- £■ *■ d- L *■ *

1,003 15 6 73 43 6 8 200 —

100 2 2 —

2,381 16 10 25 5 So

1 1 O OO 26 1 100

7-yU 9 5 250 35 16 — 2,500

8,f>4'2 10 — * 15° 17 7~) Xote.—The Manor Frith Wood, wei and Demesnes of W re demised by Indenti ell Ham, with Hpm ire under the Great

->4°° 38 12 — ( / Seal, bearing date the 15th June 1694, to George Booth, Esq. for 99 years from the death of Catharine then

1,081 12 6 * 16 6 — Queen Dowager of England, under the yearly Rent of /. 180. 15. 5 $. which Rent was soon afterwards released

1,381 12 6 27 18 —J by Letters Patent.

764

Appendix.

A: 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

130 Decembrh,

continued.

Appendix, No. n.—Schedule of all Manors, &c. which have been sold by the Surveyor General

1799-

KEN T:

September 10. A Piece of Ground on Maidenftone Hill, part of the Waste of the Manor 7 of Ead.Greenwich - 3

180*2,

October 11.1 The Manor of North Fleet, with the Appurtenances

*25.1 A Messuage and divers Parcels of Land, part of a Farm called Nether 1 Combe, otherwise East Combe Farm, in the Parish of Greenwich - - 3

A Messuage and Lands, part of Nether Combe, otherwise Eatl Combe Farm }

Richd Ilulfe, Ff(j. and others, Trustees for) the Parish of Greenwich, C° of Kent - 3

John Calcraft, Esq.

John Julius Angcrftein, Esq. -

aforesaid

■J

1800.

LANCASTER:

September 23. A Messuage called Aldclifle Hall, in the Parish of Lancaster, with the 7 Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments thereto belonging - - - 3

LINCOLN:

March 13. I All Tythes of Flax growing in Pinchbeck

MIDDLESEX

October 4. | The Manor of Edmonton, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances 1802.

November 11. | A Piece of Ground, with Coaeh-houlrs and Stables, on the Weft fide of Saint Alban’s-iireet, being the Stable-yard to Norfolk House

■i

1799-Augul't 16.

NORTHAMPTON:

Divers Closes and Parcels of Land in Kingsthorpe, Rougliton, Shittle-'J hanger, and Little Brighton, alias Brington, coinprifing the feite of St. f Dewy's, alias St. David’s Hospital, in Kingsthorpe aforesaid, and Lands f thereto belonging - J

Two Pieces of Meadow Land at Teeton -

A Close of Land called Cock Close, alias Barnaby's Close, in Kingsthorpe -

1801. June 20.

1800. April 5.

NOTTINGHAM:

A Piece or Parcel of Land at Arnold, within the Forest of Sherwood, allotted to llis Majesty on the inclosure of Waste Lands there

OXFORD:

A Tenement called the Cornish Chaugh, situate in Penny Farthing-street, ’ in the City of Oxford -

SOUTHAMPTON:

A Piece of Waste Ground, containing 2 u. 39 P. part of Parkhurst Forest, "7 in the Isle of Wight, intended for a Burying Place for Hospitals of the > Military Lftablishments there - - - - J

September 30.1 A Meftiiage and Lands called Ham Farm, at Baghurst -

SURREY:

May 31. | Divers Lands at Burwood, in the Parish of Walton-upon-Thamej August 23. 1 Divers Lands in Walton, and a Messuage and Lands in Weybridge -October 5. A Meftiiage called Hay's Tenement, and divers Lands in Weybridge

Also a Meftiiage called Domey House, in Weybrige, and divers Lands held 1

.801. I therewith - -

January 9. J Four Acres of Land in the Common Fields in Walton

Two Acres of Land in the Common Fields in Walton

February 28. I Several Pieces of Land in Weybridge, and one Piece of Land in Chertsey -

May 12. The Manor or reputed Manor of Weston, otherwise Barking

David Hunter, Ffq.

John Dawson, Esq.

William Yife -

William Curtis, Lfq.

The Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk -

Sir George Robinson, Bart.

William Groom -Thomas Reeve Thornton, Esq.

Robert Padley, Esq. -

John Scarefbrook -

1800. May 7.

1802. March 19.

YORK:

Certain Meadow Lands, called Kirkftall Ings, alias Folly Foot Ines in the' Parish of Wighill - - - - .

Tythes of Corn and Grain in Frickley-cum-Clayton and Shippens

The Right lion. Wm. Windham, Esq. Ills Majesty’s Secretary at War (in tvuft for His Majesty) - * r -

Sir Charles Foie, Bai t. -

Sir John Frederick, Bart. -

His Pcoyal Highness the Duke of York -

The fame -

In the fame Contract

George Booth Tyndale, Esq. -

Edward Peppin, Esq. -

Henry Lord Mulgrave, Brownlow Mat-7 thew, Esq. and Henry Dawkins, Lfq. - J

William Speer, Esq. -

George Kerr and Oliver Farrcr, Esqrs. St. Andrew Warde, Esq. . -

(\ A

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

765

of His Majest/s Land Revenue, for the Redemption of the Land Tax—continued.

f 1 1 Annual Value per Surveys on Oath. Term unexpired of last Leases at the time of Sale. Purchase Money. Annual Value per last preceding Surveys, &c. Rents reserved in last Leases. Fines paid for lall Leases.

1 I . I 1 £■ *■ Years. £■ d- £. 8. d. £• *■ d- £■ *■ d-

; - ' 1 1 IO — - 53 »7 6 - — 1 — —

• - - 129 10 6 . — 13 4 —

' m «. - C 10,121 14 3} •

1 I 306 10 1 1 r ‘t * 120 20 14 — 120 — —

\ - - t 2.765 2 63 t

291 *5 7 I 13 6,034 19 9 88 11 9j 63 15 — 40

f Of final!'Value,}

14 — m m m 267 7 6 < above the > 1 —

1 1 £ Rent of £. 1. )

• 105 3,965 17 6 106 1 5J 6 13 4 1,050 — —

i 1, 130 llj 1,634 60 * 3 15 — 30

1 i 00 C* - 2,837 16 — r

1 k A a* C ' > 80 — — 1 ,—1 600 —> —

656 m 184 17 0 I and [

14 11 6 m v* 524 2 6 I •—j

19—8 Never in Lease. 408 8 6 — — —

1 5 *4 "*■ - 72 3 10 — — 8 — —

— 3 9 Never in Lease. 4 13 9 — — —

, 37 14 10 1,193 17 — 19 6 6 8 —

! 1 27 14 a 1,258 12 — * 16 18 — l 12 1 45 4

; 51 5 1,189 14 10 31 16 6 3—3 84 17 3

1 > > 78 14 — } - ( 47 19 6 4 10 1 127 18 9

> 3,677 »8 9 ]

83 11 6 *3 J L 48 6 9 10 160 — —

• . 4 10 — . - - 169 7 —

• 2 10 — - 94 1 6 1 CO O CO * 17 2 lo 8-

v-. t(, 42 10 — - - i,47i 9 4

5i 30 11 5 13 i 2,140 5 19 *4 2 13 4

,i(( 48 15 — 1,388 18 2 30 4 16 — 200

140 18 3 - 5,198 15 6 22 13 4 1168 80

£■ 1*1631 9 11 - 74,158 18 7 1,321 6 3 J 250 2 5 5,498 5 4

♦ Amount of Three-per-cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased with the said sum of 74,15*- 7d‘

Amount of Annual Dividend of the said Stock

Vol. 58. 9 1

Appendix, (No. 13.)

150 DecembriSy continued

£. i. i. m,666 16 9

3,35° —

1 irr

7G6 Appendix. A. 1802.

\ppendix,

(No. 13.) Appendix, No. 12. — As ACCOUNT of LAND TAX charged on Estates belonging to the Crown REDEEMED by the DecembriS» Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, and of the Three-per-cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities

continued. transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Consideration for such Redemption;

‘ from the Commencement of the Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 60. for the Redemption of the Land Tax, to the time of

making the Surveyor General’s Second Report to the Legislature.

Dates of Contracts for Redemption.

1800. April 30.

December 18. 1802. November 3.

1800. May 16.

1799-October 5.

1800. August 4.

November 1

1801. January 1

1802. November 1

13

1800. December 13

1802. October 30

November 5

'799-March 23

1800. April 3.

1801.

December 12.

1802. November 6.

Land Tax Redeemed.

£■ *• 56 6 —

7 3

48 6 —

Estates charged therewith.

BERKS:

A Farm called The Ort Farm, and divers Buildings and Lands in and near ’ Reading - -1

BUCKINCHA M:

A Farm called Abbey Park Farm, and divers other Lands in Burnham

The Scite of the late Monaliery of Burnham, and divers Lands thereto | belonging -

ESSEX:

25 8

Stock Transferred.

A Farm, formerly part of Havering Park, in the Parities of Havering and 7 Stapleford Abbots - j

KENT:

167 The Scite of a Building, late a Powder Magazine, and Lands thereto belonging, in the Parish of Greenwich -

LANCASTER:

5 6 2J Three undivided Fourth-Parts of an Estate called Aldcliffe Hall, in the 7

Parish of Luncaster - - i,

LINCOLN:

7 19 5 | Certain Lands called Gofs Dales, otherwise Goose Dales, in the Parish of'1

Pointon - -- -- -- J,

35 5 2 | The Manors of Barton, Barrow, and Goxhill, and divers Lands and Tene-

merits there ——

6 7 7 I Divers Messuages and Lands in Barrow -

10 A Messuage and divers Lands in Barrow and Goxhill -

60 14 4 The Scite of the Manor of Inglebv, called Ingleby Hall, and the Lands'

thereto belonging - j

23 18 6 I Several Cottages, Farms, and Lands, in Ilogfthorpe, Anderby, Muraby, 7

and Willoughby ...... )

MIDDLESEX:

20 5 4 | The Manor of Hallowford, and divers Messuages and Lands, in the Parish 7

of Shipperton - j

22 711 I An Estate called Marybone Park, with the Houses and Buildings thereon -

SUFFOLK:

23 -----1 The Park or Lands called Shimpling Park -

YORK:

43 4 4 [ An Estate called The Sunk Island,' situate in the River Humber, near *7

Pattrington, with the Outmarlhes, Sands, and other Appurtenances > thereto belonging - - - - ""3

2 15 — I A Parcel of Meadow Ground called Kirkftall Ings, in the Parish of Wighill , ...... -

417 6 The Scite of the late Monastery of the BlelTed Mary, now called the Manor, 7

, I and Manor Shore, situate in the Parish of St. Ohive’s, in the Suburbs of I the City of York - - - - ""3

26 311 I The Manor of Thornton Briggs, a Messuage called Thornton Hall, and 7

I divers Messuages and Lands in the Townships of Cundall, Thornton, > Leek by, and Difhforth - - - - j

13 18 4 1 A Messuage and certain Lands within the Township of Meaux -

43913 nj

£. 8. d.

2,064 6 8

262 3 4

1>771 — —

931 6 8

48 14 9 194 14 4

292 5 4

1,29216 2 233 18 1

184 17 3

2,226 5 7

877 5 — 743 2 3

821 3 8

843 6 8

1,584 12 3

100 16 8

178 15 —

9C0 10 4

510 5 7

16,12a 5 7

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

767

Appendix, No. 13.—An ACCOUNT of the several SUMS of MONEY paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners ot Ills Majelrv's Treasury, (No. 1.) with the Dates of the respetiive Payments, and the Names of

the Parties by whom the lame were paid; and the Total Amount thereof.

"a __________ ' __________

1799-

March 5. August id.

September 5.

18.

1800. March 15.

April 5.

May 24. June 24. Augul'r 25. September 20. October 6. 8.

9-

1801. January 10.

20.

February 5. March 28. May i*2.

29. June 20. September 1. October 6.

1802. March 20.

October 7.

20.

26.

November 13.

*7-

December 6.

Bank of England, 7 7th Dec. 1802. J

John Powell, Gent. -

Sir George Uobinlon, Bart. - - .. " -

William Groom

'1 'liomas H. Thornton, Esq. -

V\ illiain Greeniiill -

Richard Hulfe, Esq. and others William Vile

John Scaiefbrook - - .

The Sen clary at War -

George Kerr and Oliver Fairer, Esqrs. -

Sir John Frederick, Bart. -

His 1 loyal Higlmels the Duke of York - -

John Dawlon, Esq. -

Sir Chailes Pole, Bart. -

William Curtis, Esq. -

IBs Royal Hi 'lmets the Duke of York -

George Booth Tvndale, Esq. -

Joseph W lute and William Chinnery, Esqrs. -

Edward Peppin, Esq. -

Henry Lord Mulgrave and others -

William Speer, Esq. -

George Wright, Esq. -

Robert Padiey, Esq. -

Matthew Paper, Esq. -

Sir John Eden, Bart. -

St. Andrew Ward, Esq. -

Joseph White and William Chinnery, Esqrs. -

Charles Reynolds -

Christopher James Ilayes - -

John Calcraft, Esq. - -

David Hunter, Esq. -

John Julius Angerftein, Esq. . -

J. S. Smart, Esq. ' -

His Grace the Duke of Norfolk -

William Roberts, and the Revd Robert Meyrick Humphreys, Clk.

£■ 1,003 2, S;*,7 1 84 5*4

53 207 72 4

1,388

1.189 6,034

3,065 3,677 109

7

94 U471

2,130 log 458

2.381 7,941 5098

2.190 2,400 l,08l

129 2,7^5 10,121

1.381

1,634 —

2,580 —

15 o

16 —

17 6 2 6

IQ —■

17 6

7 6

13 9

18 2 12 —

14 10

19 9

17 —

17 6

18 9

7 — 11 4 1 6 9 4

8 6 16 10 9 5

15 6

* 5

12 6 10 6 2 6

12 6

147,18111 4

A. Newland.

£. s. 1 d. £.

C Transferred to the CommifO 1799. March 6. Purchased - 1,830

1799. May 28. j lioners for the Reduction of f ) the National Debt, on Ac- ( 99 — 9 August 21. D° -I)° - - - 5,166 104

July 30. £ count of the Land Tax * ~J September 6. I)0 > - - 12,900

1)° - - - 99 — 9 1800. July 29. D° - - - 4>75o

October 31. I)° - - - 99 — 9 Augiill 25. I)0 - - - 1,862 12 3

November 10. D° - - - 48 14 9 September 26. D° - - - 9A75

1800. February 11. D° - - - 99 — 9 October 6. r>° - - - 1,800 1

April 30. 1)° - - - 99 — 9 8. D° - - - 1,150

D° - - - 10016 8 I)° - - - 5,000

May 28. D° - - - 15815 10 0. D° - - - 5,691 4 —

July 30. D° - - - 15815 10 1801. January 21. D° - - - 10,000

I)° - - - 7712 l D° - - - 10,000

D° - - 99 — 9 22. D° - - - 2,000

September 26. I)° - - - 19414 4 D° - - - 13,000

October 8. D° - - - 7712 1 D° - - - 3>°oo

D° - - - ! 158 13 10 D° - - - 10,000

ir - - - 99 — 9 1)° - - - 6,000

November 7. i)° - - - 292 5 4 D° - - - 10,000

1801. January 26. D° - - - 743 2 3 D° - - - 10,000:

D° - - - 202 3 4 D° - - - 4,000

1)° - - - 1,202 l6 2 D° - - 8,000

D° - - - 233 18 1 D° - - - 10,000

D° - - - 184 17 3 D° - - - 5,000

D° - - - 891 7 D° - - - 20,000

D° - - - 1,587 19 2 24. D° - - - 430 12 3

n° - - - 776 2 6 May 7. D° - - - 2,861 1 7

1802. February 11. D° - - - 178 15 13- D° - - - 3,508 4 —

November 26. D° - - - 510 5 7 September 1. D° - - - 4,850 —

D° - - - 2,226 5 7 October 6. D° - - - n>7°7 7 —

1)° - - - 1,771 — - 1802. March 20. D° - - - 3,l62 11 1

D° - - - 821 3 8 D° - - - 7,490 16 11

D° - - - 8/7 5 - October 7. D° - - - 4,991 11 6

D° - - - 960 10 4 27. D° - - - 7,000

D° - . - 843 6 8 D° - - - 3,000

D° - - - 5,000

November 13. D° - - - 3»7°3 15 —

16,122 5 D° - - - 2,222 5 9

7 *7- D° - - - 2,402 18 9

Balance remaining . 220,137 14 6 December 7. D° - - 3,500

j c- 236,260 1 " £■ 236,260 — 1

The Annual Interest on the above Balance of £.220,137. 14. 6. at Three-per-ceat. per Annum, is £.6,604. 2. 7.

fVm I ry

- Acco‘ Gen1. Xlv,

Appendi

(No. 13

[ 50 Decern i

continued

Appendix, No. 14.—An ACCOUNT of the several Sums of TII R E E - P E R -C E N T. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury, and of the several Sums transferred therefrom to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; with the Dates of such Purchases and Transfers respectively.

Bank of England, ? 7th Dec. 1802. f

768

Appendix

A. 1802

Appendix, (No. 13.)

5* Decembris.

continued.

11 Geo. III. 1798.

39 Geo. 'III. 1799*

i;

40 Geo. III. 1800.

Appendix, No. 15.—A SCHEDULE of ACTS of PARLIAMENT,

passed from the time of making the Surveyor General’s First Report to the Legislature, to the time of making his Second Report, for the Division, Inclosure, Drainage, Embankment, Improvement, and Sale of Lands, and other purposes, in which the Interests of His Majesty are concerned; and which were referred by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, for his Opinion and Reports thereon, previously to His Majesty’s consent being given thereto.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Switliland, in the County of Leicester.

2. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Town-ships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grove Hill, Sandholme, Storkhill, Moleicroft, Leckonlield, Arram, Scorbrough, i/ockington, Ayke, Belwick, Wilfholme, Kiln-wick, Watton, Ilutton-Cranlwick, Rotfea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham, Fishholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Fofton, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Lilfet, Barmfton, Ulram otherwise Ourani, Skiplea Dringhoe, Beeford, North Frodinghain, Brandes-Burton, Moor Town, Leven Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Field, and the Sand Pits.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Green’s Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Green’s Norton, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and otherwise improving all the Common Fields, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Toddington, otherwise Tottington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex.

8. An Act for making a new Street from the Hay market into Charles-street, St. James’s Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkftone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Waste Ground, within the Township of Holmpton, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Hollym-cum-Withernsea in liolderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John, Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickendon, in the Parish of All Saints, Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the fame Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice. N

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Wafie Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Newark-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and also the Waste Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Thurllon-land, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey.

18. An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank Geo

of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to 1800.

the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain avenues cm'umtd. adjacent thereto.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures,

Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields,

Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braeeborough, in the County of Lincoln; and for making Compensation lor the Tythes within the same Parish.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Yfceiiing, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, ill the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Failures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and Manor of Byflect, with its Members, in the County of Surrey.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons,

Waste Lands and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for Fencing the said Marshes.

24-. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making Compensation to the ltedor of South Hykeham aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes of all the Tytheable Lands within the same Parish.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tything of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-year ceo. in. Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whinn Lots or Doles, Jleatlis, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Creflingham, in

the County of Norfolk; and certain open and inclosed Fields, and Half-year or Shack Lands, Meadows and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Creflingham, in the said County.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open hud Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrcliiingworth, in the County of Bedford, and for allotting a part of Hatley Field in lieu of such parts of the fame Field as are situate in the said Parish of Wreltlingworth.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, improving, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Walle G rounds, in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington, and Holvefton, in the County of Norfolk.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Mattifliull, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act for^dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that part of the Parish of East Hendred which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, raised Weflmanfide, except such part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fen Grounds,

Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Lammas, and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Kilby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Stax ton, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; and also of Lands within the Townships of BinniDgton and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid.

37. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market-place of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing-place, for the ferry and market-boats belonging and retorting to the said Town.

38. An Act for enabling Henry Neville Earl of Abergavenny, to

gn"’

■s,

1

,.o><

1

1

a

a;

ill

h

!r

U

b

ir,

tin

U

ini

K

rr;

Mi

an

C<

li

it.

Er

k

col

Ni

G

(r

li

1

4*3 Geo. III.

Appendix*

7 09

ik

OKt*

41 C?o. Ill*

I$01, cent wed'

l ;•['/

Geo. 711. 1802.

grant a new Lease of certain entailed Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth.

39. A11 Art for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Ballon, in the County of Lincoln.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Welt Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of liornlea, in the Parish of Hornfea, in the East Hiding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

42. An Act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Art, pain'd in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually repairing the Hoad from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said Rond up to Shuttbrd House, in the County of Hertford.

43. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baftoiiy Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Cowbit Commons, within the parts of Kelicven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and also for draining Crow land Common, or Guggufliland, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosod Landa in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland; and also for rendering more effectual several A els of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds, and Commons hereinbefore mentioned, or certain parts thereof.

44. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crabtree, called Tothili Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the purpose of embanking and preferring the fame from the Sea.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for improving the Tynemouth Cattle Lighthouse, and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such improvement.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Trurt of Common and Waste Lands, called Rholhirwaun, situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Carnarvon.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waite Hinds lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Paritti of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick; and also a certain ttinted Putture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece.

49

Waste Lands in the Parish of I Jenllan, in the County of Denbigh

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Yikeibion, in the Paritti of Llanynis, in the County of Denbigh

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirhv Cane, and Geldettone, in the County of Norfolk.

5*2. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Half-years Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Paritti of Sax cl by, in the County of Lincoln, and Townships of Ilarby and Broadholme, in the County of Nottingham.

553- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Paritti of Donington, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and

Appendix, No. 16.

My Lords,

BY the Civil List Art of Queen Anne, which was intended not only to rellrain the Crown from alienating its Lands in perpetuity, but to ettublish a better course of leafing the Estates of the Crown than was before in practico, the granting of Leases of the Land Estates for a longer term than 31 years was prohibited; nor could a lower Rent be reserved for any Estate than had before been paid for it, nor less than one-third of llic value in cases where no Rent had before been reserved: The rest of the value might be taken in Fine, but no , Regulations‘were prescribed relative either to the rate of Dilcoupt to V.0 L. 58.

be allowed in computing the Fines, or to the periods of renewing the Leases; nor was any provision made that the value should be alccr-tained by the Oath of a Surveyor. The practice of renewing Leases, whenever applications were made by the Lessees, was continued alter that Art was patted; and no covenants were inserted in the JU*aic3 reiperting the management of the Land.

Under a mode of proceeding lb loose and unguarded, few improve* ments could be expected; nor, if improvements were made, could the preservation of them be secured; and the income arising from the Rents and Fines was very inadequate to the value of the F.ttates granted.

To prevent the continuance of those evils, the Art of 1794 was patted, for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown. By that Art a very different system h$s been established; and though it is ttill allowed to grant Leases of Lands for 31 years, no Renewal of such Leases is permitted till within five year* of the end of the preceding term; the value of the Estates mutt be ascertained by Surveyors acting upon oath; and by an order of the Treasury, not more than 5 per-cent, is dedurted from the yearly value so. ascertained, in fixing the Rent to be paid by the Lettee for the term of the ne# Lease.

The new system of management established under this Art of Parliament has already produced a very confulerable increufe of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and is likely, if llcadily peififred in, to be attended with all the advantages and improvements which were ex* perted from it. It is obvious, however, that, as the Rents are now brought so much nearer than formerly to the artual value of the Land, as to lei Veil the expectation of advantage from a Renewal, some Covenants are nccettary to be inserted in the new Leases, to protect the property from wattes, and to render those improvements lasting.

Shortly after the patting of the Art referred to, a Memorial was laid before the Lords of the Treasury by me, propoling that some general principles should be established for regulating the pror ceedings in this department; but, as few of the Leases of Land Estates were at that time so near expiring as to be veiy soon renewable, I thought it right to postpone, for further consideration, the fug* getting of such Covenants or Restrictions on the management of the Lettecs as it might be advisable to insert: But many Leases of Estates of confulerable value having lately come within the period of Renewal, and some new Leases having been agreed for, it becomes now my duty to suggest what occurs to me 011 this important subject, and to call for your Lordttiips attention to it, that such Rules may be laid down for the direction of those who may hold this Office, respecting the Covenants which should be inserted in the Leases of Lands, as may be best suited to the circumstances.

In the Instructions given to the Surveyors employed by this Office to survey Land Estates, they are directed to set forth what Covenants they would recommend to be inserted in the new Leases, and to put such Rents on the Estates as they think them worth under those Covenants. From the value lb estimated, a dedurtion of 5 per-eent. is directed by the Treasury to be allowed to the Lettee in pofiettion, in ascertaining the Rent to be paid on a Renewal; and a term of 31 years has been generally granted. No doubt, therefore, can exist, as to the understanding between the parties,; and the Lettecs can have no right to complain of the inlertion of reasonable Covenants, or of their being obliged to fulfil them; but it is desirable to give as much liberty as can with safety be given to the Lessees; and the object of consideration is rather how little restraint it is necessary to require, than how much may with juliiee be infifred on.

That system of Hufkandry is in all respects the best by which, with-out'exhauliing the foil, and with the greatest profit to the Occupier, the most food or nourishment can be produced; or, in other words, the greatest number of people can be maintained. These considerations undoubtedly demand attention in this Country, in which, in the actual state of its population and agriculture, a sufficient quantity of food is not raised, from all the Land now in cultivation, for the fufte* nance of the Inhabitants; and perhaps, where lb great a public object is added to the inducement arising from private interest, this subject calls more particularly for the attention of those who are en* trulled with the management of the Estates of the Crown, than that of any other persons.

But though it may not be very difficult to point out what plan of management hitherto known or prnrtiied is, with this view, to be preferred, ttill it is to be considered that Agriculture, as a lbience, is yet in a manner in its infancy, and that much greater attention has, within these few years, been given to it by men likely to make ufclul and important discoveries in the methods of improving the different kinds, of foil, than at any former period: Care should therefore be taken not to insert in Leases, for so long a torm as 31 years, any Covenants which may prevent the Lettee from adopting such improved system.

Where Leases are granted only for ttmrt terms, the Owner and the Occupier have obvioutty opposite interests. As it is for the advantage of the one to take all that lie can trom the Land; without regard to the state to which it may be reduced by exbautting or impoverishing crops, it mutt be the care and endeavour of the other to prevent any crops from being taken which may tend to diminish the value of the

,ledbyGOOgl^1;

Digi-

770

Appendix.

A. 1802

Appendix, No. 13.)

• Decembris, continued*

; and should be retrained from telling, It ripping, or topping any Timber

j Tree, or cutting any Sapling likely to become Timber, or taking

any Timber for repairs without licence, under a Penalty.

2dly< That in addition to these Covenants, which are proper to be continued through the whole term of a Lease, the Tenant shall be obliged, before the end of the 21ft year, to fow one-third part at lead of the Arable Land with good Grass Seeds fit for Pafiure; and that no lei's than that proportion, over and besides the Meadow and Pasture Lands, shall be in Grass during the remaining ten years of the Lease; ! and that not more than two crops of that Grass shall be cut for Hay

i during that time, unless to be eaten by Live Stock on the Farm.

1 3dly. That during those ten years, no two white crops shall be taken I from any part of the Land without a fallow, or a fallow crop, or

i ameliorating crop intervening, or Pease or Beans twice hoed; and

•. that the fallow crops shall he understood to be either Turnips, Iloota

Buga, Cabbages, Colefeed, Cail, Carrots, Parliiips, or Tares, as may bed suit the nature of the foil; but all of them to be eaten on the Lund or Farm, and not to be allowed to hand for feed; the Tenant may also be allowed, for a fallow crop, to plant Potatoes, but not oftener than oner on any part of the Land in these ten years.

4thly. That Field Books shall be kept, according to a Plan to be ' given to each Lessee, shewing in what manner each Field has been I cropped, or cultivated in every year during the term; and that if

there shall be. any deviation from the conditions stipulated in the ’ Lease, without leave in writing under the hand of the Surveyor General for the time being, the Lessee shall pay an additional Rent at the rate of £.20 per acre for every acre of the old Meadow or Pafiure which shall be ploughed or broken up, and of £.1 o per acre for every acre of the rest of the Land not cropped and managed according to j the conditions agreed on.

■ If these Covenants should meet with your Lordships approbation, I

would further recommend that a Minute of the Treasury should be sent to this Office, directing that the Surveyor General shall henceforwards insert them in all Leases of Lands belonging to the Crown, except in such cases as may from the nature of the foil, or other circumstances, require a different course of management; and that in all such cases the Surveyor General should be required to insert such Covenants as shall appear to him to be most proper, for the particular case in which , such a deviation shall be necessary.

By the means now propos'd, I humbly apprehend that sufficient liberty will be allowed to the LeiVces to enable them to cultivate their Lands to the Left advantage, profiting by any discoveries which may Le made in the management of Land; and that the hftates will revert to the Crown, at the end of the Leases granted on those condition*, in an improved state, from which a further increase of the Land he venue may be expected.

It mav not perhaps be too sanguine to experi that the advantages which mult ar:ie from a lleady perieverance in the fame plan of ma-ir.igcmfUit of trie FKates of the Crown, and a continued attention to the performance of Co\en:mts1 will not be confined to those Estates only; there are few part? of England in which the Lund in tillage is brought to the highest state of cultivation. Great improvements require an advance of money not to be experied from Tenants, without Leases of inch duration as to afford a reasonable prof peri of getting back that money with profit; and perhaps no caul’e has more contributed to retard the progress of Agriculture than that unwillingness to grant such Leases, which too commonly prevails.

foil; and that care will sometimes lead the Owners, from over-Caution, to infill on Covenants which may prevent the Land from being turned to its most profitable use.

But the term of 31 years granted by the Crown avoids that danger: It leaves to the Occupier sufficient time to repay himself for any advance of money on the improvement of the Land in the early part of his Lease; and, for much the greater part of it, he has a common interest with the Crown, it being for the advantage of both that the management should be such as to make the Land as produriive as possible.

During that early part of the term, therefore, few reltririions, I apprehend, can be necessary; and I would humbly recommend to your Loruships, tinder all the circumstances which have been dated, that, beffdes the usual Covenants for payment of the Rent and Taxes, and repairing the Buildings and Fences, Covenants to the following effect be infer ted generally in Leases of Lands belonging to the Crown:

lft. That, during the first 21 years of the Lease, the Occupiers should be bound to manage the Estate according to the most improved course of Hu (ban dry in the particular County in which it is situated; to inbarn and flack the produce on the Premises, and to spend all the draw and fodder thereon, and fpreud all the dung and manure on such parts of the Land as require the fame; and should only be prohibited from breaking up old Meadows and Pasture Lands, and from doing or differing walk*.

Where there are Woodlands or Timber Trees, the Lessee should be obliged to cut the Underwood at fealonable times only; to plant and dll up all vacant places in such Woodlands with Trees of suitable kinds and qualities, and preserve the fame from ipoil and destruction;

* Some great plans of improvement have already been undertaken and executed on the property of the Crown, fmee the introduction of the new fyllcm of management; and it is net impossible that, on seeing their meed's, the example may be followed by private Proprietors, and a limilar lyftem adopted by them. Leases, which it is apprehended need not in most cases be for more than 20 years, may be more readily granted, and better cultivation, and the general improvement of the Country, may by these means be promoted and accelerated.

I am aware that there are parts of the landed property of the Crown, which it will not be an easy matter to bring under such regulations as are here proposed.

Lessees, by whose Families Estates have been long held without any rellriclion, who have let those Estates on what conditions they pleased, and been accustomed to no controul, will not like to Inbuilt to Covenants, however necessary, for the improvement of the Land, or to penalties for the prevention of cxliaulting crops; but as there can be no security, except by means of such Covenants, that improvements will be made, it is certain that no prudent Individual would grant his Land for so long a term as 31 years without them; and they arc Hill more necessary in the management of the Estates of the Crown, which cannot have the advantage of being under the immediate insperiixm-of the Proprietor.

Taking the matter in a very general point of view, it is undoubtedly of importance to the whole Kingdom, that every part of it should be brought to the higheli state of cultivation of which it is capable; and no obllacle to its improvement should remain which it is in the power of Government to remove. Upon the whole, therefore, if there do exist circumstances which prevent the Crown from taking those means that arc necessary to make the improvement of any of its landed property as certain as it may be made in the hands of Individuals, the public interest would seem to require that Estates of that description should be fold, and the price invelled in the purchase of Three-per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, like the Fee-Farm Rents, and other unimproveable subjects.

If the general principle here recommended of felling all such Estates as would more probably be brought into the highest state of cultivation if they belonged to private Proprietors, than it they should remain the property of the Crown, shall be adopted by your Lordships, it will be necessary to have powers for that purpose from Parliament, which perhaps may be most easily obtained by having a Clause inserted in the proposed amended Ari for the Sale of Land Tax, to enable the Lords of the Treasury to fell such Estates as it might appear to them that it would be most advantageous to the Crown to dispose of, though the amount of the sums arising from such sales, in addition to those already authorized to be made, should exceed the price of the Land Tax to be purchased. It will also be necessary to determine what mode of sale is to be taken, whether by. public auriion or by making knowu the intention to fell, and receiving sealed offers, in the manner that has, in several inftunces, been pur-sued, or by private contract.

Little doubt can, I think, be entertained that the first is the most likely to excite competition; but, if, from attention to the Lcftees, the lust /hould le thought to be a more proper mode of proceeding, your Lordships will be pleased to fix the loweit price that the Surveyor General may accept of; and I submit to your Lordships consideration, whether it may not be advifablo that this should be regulated by a reference to the price of-Sttrck at the time of sale.

If it shall be determined not to fell Land Estates, unless six years purchase at leatl of the Rent put upon them by a Surveyor, acting upon oath, can be obtained beyond the price which the Three-percent. Consolidated Annuities shall bear at the time of sale, the increase of income arising from the Dividends, when compared with the net Rent that would be received from the Lessee, will (as appears from the subjoined Calculation) be no leis than 37 per-cent, on that Rent, when the price of Stock is 75 per-cent, varying a little as the price may rife or fall. But as by the sale of Land, and the purchase of Stock, the kind of income will be changed from one that may be improved to one that cannot increase, I submit with great deference to your Lordships, whether, in ftriri conformity with the intention of the Civil List Act before referred to, <c for the increase of the Land Re-" venue of the Crown, so that the burthen upon the Estates of the " Subjeri may be eased and lessened, in all future provisions to be made " for the expences of the Civil Government," it might not be proper to invest regularly, in the fame Stock, the difference between the Rents of the Estates fold, and the Dividends arising from such sales. This would occasion an annual, and not inconsiderable, increase of income, during the whole of the term of the Lease; and which, at the end of the 31 years, would amount to £. 162. 3s. 2 d. of Dividends, infrrad of £-9o. of Rent from Land; and perhaps this is all that should b? done by Parliament, leaving the whole Dividends of Stock, like the rest of the Land Revenue, under the management of the Treasury, and applicable to the fame purposes.

But, in order to judge of the comparative advantages of felling, or of retaining, Estates of the kind which has been described, it is necessary to consider what would be the result of a regular invellment, in the ihtne manner, of the Dividends which will arise on the Stock

produced

r

43 Geo. IIL Appendix.

produced by the annual application of 37 per-efent. as before mentioned, during 31 years, which is the length of term proposed to be granted, if the Lands should be let on Lease. For this purpose a Calculation, including that additional in vert men t, is also subjoined, which (hews that the advantage to be derived from the sale of such Estates, even by private contract, at only six years purchase higher than the price of the Funds at the time of sale (being a net produce in Dividends of £. 204. .135. 9 d. per annum, instead of a net Rent of £. go. for every £. 100. a year in Land) is much greater than can be expelled from keeping the Ertates, without conditions in the Leases enforcing the improvement of the Land, more especially as at the end of the term, if granted, the fame difficulty would probably remain from the objections to Covenants for improvement, strengthened by still longer pof-session, and by the precedent of a Lease granted without such Covenants after the establishment of the new system of management. If the mode of public sale should be preferred, and if any judgment can be formed from the price obtained in those iriftahees where there has been

competition, the advantage by the sale will be still much greater in proportion to the advanced price which that mode of sale shall produce.

A farther advantage will accrue, from adopting themeasure of Sale, in the saying of the expence of the Fees and Stamp Duties for Crown Leases, which are in no instance less than £. 70. and in some much more, and for which an abatement is, in every instance, made from the Rent or Fine; and likewise in regard to the charge, and occasional loss, attending the collection of the Rents, as the Dividends will be received without loss, and with little or no expence.

I have the honour to be, my Lords,

Your Lorthhips most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

Land Revenue Office, | John Fordyce,

12th May 1802. 3 SUrVr Gen1.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury.

Append (No.-I Decen continue.

A CALCULATION, shewing the difference between the Net Rent arising from letting Estates in Land belonging to the Crown’, on Lease for 31 years, and the Net Income in Dividends of Stock arising from felling 1’uch Estates, and mveliing the produce ist the Funds.

From the yearly value of Estates in Land, a deduction of 10-per-cent, is claimed by the Lessees, viz. the 5-per-cent, directed by the Treasury to be allowed as a bonus or favour to them, and another 5-per-cent, which is claimed for the expence of Agency in collecting the Rents, Ac. Consequently £. 100 per annum is reduced to a net Rent of £. 90.

Suppose £. 100 per annum in Land to be sold at 5, 6, 7, or 8 years purchase, above the current price of Consols (say 75 per-cent, or *5 years purchase) the difference between the Net Rent, and the Dividends of Stock to be purchased therewith, will be as follows:

Difference or Surplus

I. At 30 years purchase, or 5 years pur- f Purchase‘*noney» £• 3>0CK)* £• s»

chafe above the price of Stock - J Dividends of Stock to be purchased at 75 percent. -

}£. s. d. 120 — —

Net Rent as above

90-----

2. At 31 years purchase, or 6 years pur- f Pure^ia^e"mone>>

ciiaie above the price of Stock Dividends per annum

Net Rent

124-----

90-----

on each £. 100. per annum of Land, or £. go of net Rent.

3. At 32 years purchase, or 7 years pur-

* N.B.—£.34 per annum on £4 90 is 37 per-cent, f Purchase-money, £. 3,200.

chafe abo\c the price of Stock Dividends per annum

Net Rent

128-----

90-----

4. At 33 years purchase. or 8 years pur- Purchase mone>, £. 3,300. chafe above the price of Stock Dividends per annum

Net Rent

132-----

90-----

£. t. d

30 —* — p. ann.

*34-----

38 -

42 —

Tf after setting apart a portion of those Dividends equal to the net Rent of the Land, and applicable to the fame purposes, the Surplus shall be employed in the purchase of additional Stock, there will be an annual Increqfe of Dividends dispofable to the same uses, and tht Income, at the end of the 31 years, will be as follows:

D°

Additional Dividends or Income in each yearjf. 1. 4s. ing, in 31 years, to - Dividends of Purchase-money - amount- Instead of/. 90 per annum in Rent* £. ». d. . 37 4 — ! 120 !

Whole Income at the end of 31 years - - - 157 4 —

Additional Dividends per annum - - £. 1 Income at the end of 31 years - 7 l6a 1 3 a

Additional Dividends per annum - - £. 1 Income at the end of 31 years - 10 4* I67 a 5

Additional Dividends per annum - - - £. 1 Income at the end of 31 years - 13 7 172 1 7

But if the Dividends to arise from the additional Stock purchased with such annual Surplus, shall also be laid out in the purchase of Stock, during the term of 31 years, the accumulated Income at the end of that term would be as follows; viz.

1. From the Surplus of £. 30 per annum

2. - - D° - - of £. 34 per annum

3- - - of £.38 per annum

4- - - D# - - of Per annum

increased to

- - - - D°

- - - - D°

- - - - D*

Instead of£go per annum in Rent.

/• #. 4.

191 3 11 304 13 9 aiS 3 7 232 *3 5

And proportionably greater in every case where Lands shall be sold for more than 33 years purchase, while the price of Consols shall net exceed 75 percent.

Fordyce.

S«jrvf Gta1-

772

Appendix

A. 1802

appendix, (No, 13.)

\ Lkcembris,

Appendix, No. 17.—(A.)

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of Ills Majesty’s Treasury.

continued. My Lords,

v__________t BY the Regulations established by the Minute of the Treasury of

the 4th of November 1794, relative to the granting and renewing of Leases from the Crown, the rate of advantage to be allowed to the 1 Tenants of the Crown was limited to a deduction of Five per-cent, or

one-twentieth part of the net Rent ofeertained by Surveyors acting on: oath, in the manner prescribed by the Act passed in 1794, for the

better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

And, by the fame Regulations, it was established that the LetTee of j the Crown should, in all cases, have a preference over others in grant-

I ing a «ew Lease.

On a general view of the Land Estates of the Crown, it appears that very few of thorn are actually occupied by the LelTe.es: The greater number, and uioH considerable of those Estates, have been granted by the Crown to persons of rank and fortune, by whom they are let out to Undertenants; and those LelVces arc cenfequently Middie Tenants between the Crown and the Occupiers.

1 In almost all the instances of this nature, but more especially in

those where the Property is exteoiive, or the Undertenants numerous,

! and the Lcftees residing at a distaucc, Agents are employed to collect

| the Rents, and manage the Estates on the part of the Lessees; and it

i is constantly urged by persons treating for Renewals of Leases, that the

[ dedu&iou of Five per-cent, allowed to the Lessees is barely sufficient to

I defray the expence of collecting the Rents and other charges incident

| to the management of the Property; and that, imlcfs a deduction is

! made to auCwer that expence, the intention of Government to allow

j the Lessees a profit of Five per-cent caimot take effect

j The Surveyors employed by me to value the EHates, have, in no

instance, bceu directed to make auy allowance or dediwftion on that account, in ascertaining the net Rent or Value of the Property; nor do I conceive that they are authorized to do Co, being required by j the Act of Parliament u to estimate the true Hud fair annual worth

j " or vakie of the respective Estates, clear of all Taxes, A lie fl meats,

\ u and Rcprtzcs whatsoever,* (among which, the expence of collecting

the Rents is not necessarily inciuded) and to verify their Surveys upon j oath. '

It is incumbent 00 me, therefore, to submit this point to your j Lordships consideration, and to crave your directions upon it, notcon-

fidering myself at liberty to make any allowance on that account without your Lordships authority.

Should your Lordships be of opinion that such an allowance should be made to the Lessees of Land Estates, I humbly submit that the pro-\ portion of Five per-cent, will not be more than a reasonable deduction

on that account; for though it may, in some inftunces, exceed what is actually paid for the bare collection of the Rents, there are other expences to which the Lessees are liable for occasional journies of Agents, and other incidents, which, on the whole, are probably not under that rate. I beg leave, however, to observe to your Lordships, that this allowance (houlrl be confined to such Estates, or parts of ' Estates, as are actually fublet; for where the LetTee is himself the Occupier, he is not only in so far exempt from expence or trouble for collecting Rents, but possesscs the advantages arising from the occupancy, in addition to the Five per-cent- allowed to him as LdTee.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

Ftrdyce.,

Survf Gen1. g June 1802.

Appendix, No. 17.—(B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Maj city's Treasury your Representation, dated the 9th June last, relative to an allowance claimed by Lessees of the Crown, for the expence of collecting Rents from their Undertenants, and requeuing their Lordships directions thereon, I am commanded by my Lords to acquaint you, that they do not think it reasonable to make any allowance to the Crown Tenants for the above purpose.

I am, Sir,

Treasury Chambers, | Your moll obedient Servant,

28th July 1802. J John Sargent.

John Fordyce, Esq.

Surv* Gen1 Land Revenue.

Appendix, No. 18.—(A.)

My Lords

IN two Memorials to the Treasury, dated the 12th July 1793,. and'5th August 1794, I represented that the Crown was possessed of an Estate in London of very great value, and comprehending many entire Streets; that in several parts of it alterations might be made, when the ekifting'Leases should terminate, which would contribute to

the improvement of the Property, the ornament of the Capital, and the accommodation of the Public; but that the Leases ut different portions of that Eft at:*, expiring at different periods, created obljacles to those desirable alterations; and I recommended to tluur Lordships that in all such cases the Renewal of Leases should be pc It polled, till Plans, to the satisfuciion of their Lordships, should be obtained from the moll eminent Architects, for the projected Improvements, so th.*t no future Lease might be granted incunliltent with the Plan that might be adopted: And, in answer to what I so tinted, a Minute of the Treasury was transmitted to me, dated 4th November 1794, in the following terms: " My Lords coincide perfectly m opinion with the " Surveyor General, that eminent Architects should be deli red to offer u Plans for the general Improvement of the Buildings on the Crown’* u Ellate; and that, no Lease should be renewed whichjs inconliih%ti M with the general Improvement.'

In const queuce of this determination, ArrhifeCls were, applied to, and several Plans were ohtair.rd, some of which were approved or; but from the difficulties which occurred in limit: inflames, on account of the length of the remaining terms in the existing Leases, and from the exuviation that there would be an incicafed competition fer Ground in eligible situations for building, on the return of IYac-% it w’as deemed expedient rather to wait for tint more favourable time, than to attempt to carry them into immediate effect.

It becomes my duty now to bring those objects again under the attention of the Board.

In all the iuitunees in which alterations of this nature have been projected, the Ground Rents expected from tile areas lor building, according to the Plans proposed, far exceed the present Rents paid U> the Crown; and, in feme of them, even those. which the Lcliec-s r<'-ceive from Subtenants; but the remaining terms in their Leases, and other circumstances, are not such as, in any iuftaucc, to enable the Lessees to carry on the Improvement with advantage, and the interests of all concerned fuller by the delay.

This bring the Hate of matters, I submit to your Lordships whether it might not be advifuble that the Surveyor General should be authorized to make Proposals to the present Lessees of l’uch parts of the Crown's Ellate, in which alterations of this description can be made with advantage, to allow to those Lessees the whole of the advantage during the remaining terms in their respectivo Leases, provided tluy shall permit the proposed Improvements to be carried into immediate etfed, under the direction of this Ollier, and with the approbation of the Treasur}'.

Such an arrangement would be of advantage to all the Parties interested. The LetTee would derive a profit from the Improvement, which he could not by any other means obtain during the term of his Lease; and the difficulties arising from the termination of the Leases at different times, determined by which improvements so much for the benefit of the Elhite of the Clown, and the accommodation of the Public, are obstructed and retarded, would be. removed, without depriving the Lessees of the fume preference for new Leases of any parts of the Estates to which your Lordships may be of opinion that they have a reasonable claim, as they would have had if no liu h alteration had taken place; and under new Rents, to commence, in the same manner, from the end of their former terms.

I have the honour to be,

My Lords,

Your Lordships Most obedient and most humble Servant,

Land Revenue Office, 1 John Fordyce,

ijth May 1802. J Suivr Gen1.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of 1 lis Majesty’s Treasury.

Appendix, No. 18.—(B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Ivords Commissioners of His Majifiys Treasury your Representation, dated the 13th of May 1802, referring to your former Memorials on the Ihbject of making Improvements on many parts of the Crown’s Ed ate, when the existing Leases should terminate; and submitting, in order to forward this object, whether it might not be advifuble that, you should be authorized to make Propofols to thq present Lessees of such parts of the Crown's Estate in which alterations of this description can he made with advantage, to allow to those IxdTeefi the whole of the advantage during the remaining terms in their respective Ix?aies, provided they lludl permit the proposed Improvements to be carried into immediate effect, under your direidion, and with the approbation of this Board; I have received their Lordships cmnimmds to acquaint you, that my Lords are pleased to approve thereof.

I am, Sir,

Treasury Chambers, | Your moll obetlient Servant,

31ft May 180-2. 1

John Fordyce, Esq.

Surv1 Gen1 of Crown Lands.

Ji

J2

Oi

IT,

In

R

k

li

lit

It

L

u

it

Cl

of

Zi

k

u

cr

Vt

cl

CI

in

V

0

1 ?■ l

w

Gi

4

01

4

4

Iji

of

k

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

773

Appendix, No. 19.—(A.)

My Lords,

BEFORE the change in the management of the Land Revenue took place, under the Act of 1794, Fines were couliuntly taken on grunting Leufes from the Crown, both of Lands and houses. The' reloned Rents were, in general, not more than an eighth part of the estimated yearly Value of the Estates; and the proportion taken in Fine was, conleqiiently, about 7-Sths of the eltminted yearly Value: Yet it appears, from the Reports of the late Commissioners of the Land Revenue, that the net produce arising from the 1-8th in Rent, exceeded that which, according to the strunge fyfterri then pursued, ar»*le from the y-Stli parts for which Fines were taken.

From the Rents (as appears by the fame Reports) from the Ac-ceilion of IJis present Majesty to the year 1786’, when the Enquiries of those Commissioners began, various sums were paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, amounting, one year with another, to £. 3,896 per annum.

The Fines were uniformly paid into the Exchequer from the earliest periods until the year 1772, when a larger supply of money being wanted for defraying the Expence of works in the Department of the Woods and Forests, than could be drawn from the Rents arising from the Land Revenue, the Fines were, for the rirft time, diverted from the Exchequer, and a part of them paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods. The average amount of the Fines so paid was £. 2,657. 16 s. per annum.

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue, on whose suggestions and advice the new course of Management was founded, recommended an entire change of system with regard to Fines for Leases. The purpose they had in view was, to render the Land Revenue productive of a tespectuLle and permanent Income, proportionate to the real value of the Property: instead therefore of hiking Fines both for Lands and houses equal to 7 *8th parts of the yearly Value, they recommended that no Fine whatever should be taken for any Leal'c of Lands, but that the whole Consideration for such Leases should be reserved in Rent; and that only one-third part of the Consideration for Leases of Hottfts should be paid in Fine, and the remaining two-thirds taken in Rent. Those Commissioners considered that Ertates in Land, improved as they probably would be, under proper Covenants in Leases for terms of 31 years certain, would afford ample security for the Rents which might be reserved for them; but that houses being of a periflmble nature, and not affording equal security for the permanent payment of R.en ts approaching to their full value, it was advilable, in order to flrerigthen the security for Rents of houses, that a part of the Consideration for Estates of that dele rip lion should he paid in Fine. Had the Rents of such Etlates however been considered by the Commissioners as l'ccure as those of Lands, it is within my own knowledge that the Commissioners would have advised that the Consideration for Leases of Houses should, likewise, have been taken wholly in Rent.

From the commencement of the Enquiry under those Commissioners, until the passing of the Act of 1794, in consequence of their Reports, the granting or renewing of Crown Leases was suspended, and as, during that time, no money could be received from Fines by the Office of the Surveyor of the Woods, there arose, as might be expected, a more than ordinary occasion for those Supplies which that Office had been accustomed to receive.

Though the new system of leafing the Estates of the Crown was well calculated to improve the annual produce of those Estates, the increal’e in the beginning was necesliuily How and gradual, depending, as it did, on the falling in of Leases, few of which were then expired, or very near expiring; and it would have been attended with inconvenience to have withdrawn at once the whole of the Fines from that channel, however desirable it might have been to employ them in any other way. Upon the revival therefore of the Proceedings for granting Leases of the Estates of the Crown, after the passing of the Act of 1794, Orders were issued from the Treasury for paying the Fines for Leases of House6 to the Surveyor General of the Woods, and these Orders have been continued to the present time. The amount of the Fines for such Leases granted, and directed to be granted, within that period, is £, 18,498.; the whole of which, excepting a ium of £. 2,015. applied towards building an Office for the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, has been directed to be paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods.

But however necessary it might have been to continue the payment of Fines to the Surveyor General of the Woods, for some time after the commencement of the new course of Management, and before any jconliderable progress had been made in the increase of the annual Income of the Land Revenue, the case is now very different. It has been shewn that the average amount of Fines received by the Surveyors General of the Woods, in the 15 years next preceding the discontinuance of the old fyffem, was only £, 2,657. 16 s. per annum, and the yearly average since 1794 has been under that sum; but the amount of the Increase of the Rents reserved on new Leases granted, and ordered to be granted, and by Dividends of Stock arising from the Sale of Fee-Farm Rents,

And other parts of the Land Revenue fold (the Dividends of which Stock are applicable to the fume purposes as the Rents of the Land

Vol« $9*

Revenue) is, bcfldcs the Fines, £. 14,752. 15 e. per annum, being more than live times the average amount of the sums paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods from Fines.

This incroule in the annual produce of the Land Revenue affording | , a more than ample substitute for the supply hitherto derived from the Fines of Leases, and the necessity for paying them to the Surveyor General of the Woods no longer exiffing, it teems proper that they should be employed in the manner most confident with the principle of the present course of management of this branch of Revenue, and most conducive to the ubjett of increasing the permanent Incomt of it.

On this ground, I think it my duty to suggest to your Lordships the expediency of paying the Fines of Leases henceforward* into the Bank of England, for the purpose of inveffing them in the purchase of Three-per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, not to be transferable without the authority of Parliament, and the Dividends thereof to be applicable to the fame purposes as the annual Proceeds of the Land Revenue, in like manner as the Dividends of the Stock purchased with the produce of the Sales of Fee-Farm Rents, and of other Artieles formerly part of the Land Revenue, now are.

I have the honour to be, my Lords,

Your Lordships most obedient

and most humble Servant,

Land Revenue Office, > J0/ltt,

12th May 1802. j Surv, GenI>

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners 7 of His Mujcrtys Treasury. 3

No. 19.—(B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury, a Letter from the Solicitor to this Board, dated the 28th August last, inclosing, for the information of my Lords, the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, respetfing the investment of the money arising from the Renewal of Crown Leases, in the Three-per-cent. Consols, I have received their Lordships Commands to transmit a copy of the same to you, and to desire you will flute to my Lords your Opinion, whether it may not be proper to submit a Clause to Parliament for that purpose.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

N. Vansittart. K

Treasury Chambers, 7 15th September 1802.3

John Fordycc, Esq.

Surveyor General of Crown Lands.

WE are of opinion, that the produce of Fines, taken on the Renewal of Leases, cannot be inverted in the purchase of Three-per-cent. Bank Annuities, according to the suggestion of the Surveyor General of Crown Lands; for, although such an application might be beneficial to the Public, yet, as the provisions of the Act of the 34th of the present King do not authorize the Bank to open an Account in respect of Monies received upon the Renewal of Crown Leases, we apprehend that an express Authority from Parliament will be necefliny to fane-tion the Lords of the Treasury in adopting the Plan proposed by the Surveyor General of Crown Lands.

Perceval,

TAos Mariners Sutton, 28th August 1802.

No. 19.—(C.)

My Lords,

I have received Mr. Vansittart's Letter of yesterday's date, transmitting the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, that the produce of Fines, taken on the Renewal of Leases, cannot be inverted in the purchase of 3-per-cent. Bank Annuities, according to the suggestion of the Surveyor General, because, although such an application might be beneficial to the Public, yet that as the provisions of the Ati of the 34th of the present King do not authorize the Bank to open an Account in respect of Monies received upon the Renewal of Crown Leases, an exprefe Authority from Parliament will be cefliuy to sanction the Lords of the Treasury in adopting that Plan; and their Lordships are pleased to desire, that I will state my Opinion, whether it may not be proper to submit a Clause to Parliament for that purpose.

I have referred to my Memorial, dated 13th May last, in which the expediency of paying the Fines of Leases into the Bank of England, for the purpose of being inverted in the purchase of 3-per-cent. Coidolidated Bank Annuities, was fluted, and the measure recommended; and having again considered that matter, m obedience to your JLordfffips Cupnnaqds, I give it, with great deference, as my

774

■ Appendix.

A. 1802.

I Append

I (No. 3.)

‘5* Deremb,

coTti, id*:d.

Opinion, founded on the Reasons Hated in that Memorial, that it will be proper to submit. a Clause to Parliament, Jto authorize your Lordships to dispose of the Fines of Leases in that manner.

I have the honour to be, my Lords,

Your Lordships 1110ft obedient

I.and Revenue Office, 7 and Illoli hun, ble Servant>

16th September 1802. j

Survr Gen1.

To the Right honourable the Lords Co mini flamers 7 , of His Majesty’s Treuiury. 3

3

If

Sir,

No. 19 (D.)

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, your Letter dated the 16th instant, in answer to one fioin this Board of the 15th, respecting the invellment of the money arising from the renewal of Crown Leases in the Three-per-cent. Bank Annuities, I have received their Lordships Commands to desire you to consult with Mr. William Harril’on, who is employed to allift in drawing proposed Acts of Parliament, in order that a proper Clause may be prepared for the consideration of Parliament in the next Session.

I am, Sir,

Treasury Chambers, 7 Your mod obedient Servant,

24th September 180*2. ) John if argent

John Fonh/ccy Esq.

Survr Gen1 of Crown Lands.

Appendix, No. io.—^A.)

i To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of llis Majesty’s

: i Treasury.

| The humble MEMORIAL of the several Persons, whose

I names are hereunto subscribed, being Tenants of certain

Elrates held under the Crown whereon Mdluages or other - 5 Buildings have been erected,

S Shewelh,

THAT vonr MemorialiHs are Tenants of divers Premises Whereon certain Buildings are now Handing, held by your Memorialists under and by virtue of Leases from the Crown, and that those Leases were {>■ heretofore taken or purchased by your MemorialiHs, or their AnceHors,

i under an expectation and a confidence that the fame would be renewed

by the Crown upon the payment ot a moderate Fine, or a small and reafmmble inmafe of Rent, in the like manner as Renewals of Leases 1 under the Crown had from time immemorial been granted.

1. That the expectation and confidence which fudi immemorial usage

had excited, induced the Tenants of the Crown to expend large turns of money in the substantial improvement of their respective Premises, with a view to permanent advantage to themselves and families, and a concurrent benefit to the Crown; but that those improvements could not have been exported (at least to the fame extent) if the pro-* spert of renewal had not been relied upon by iJse parties making

them; more efpocially as the Crown was restricted, until the Ail of the 34th of IBs Majesty, by the Statute of the first year of Queen Aline, intituled, "An Act for the better support of her Majestys " IJoufeliold, and for the honour and dignity of the Crown," from granting Leases for a longer term tiian fifty years, or three lives that this period would have been much too (hurt to have induced the Tenants of the Crown to have expended the large sums which have been laid out by them in building; that they were induced to incur those great and heavy explores by the uniformity and moderation with which the Crown Renewals had been granted; that if they could, by poHibility, have had in contemplation a iyllein of Renewal on terms such as are now proposed, or a certain rejection of their ofi’er to renew as hereto-, fore, they would have been wanting in juluce to themselves and their Families, and deliitute of common prudence, to have laid out such sums upon their rel’pedive T.cafelioldri.

That by an Art. passed in the 34th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for the fide of Fee-Farm and other un-" improveable Rents," it was (inter aha) enarted, that His Majesty 7nay grant Land for building for ninety-nine years, or three lives, where the Lessees agree to make erections of greater value than the Land, or where the greatest part of the yearly value of the Premises confifis of Buildings; " so as the respective Rents, herein after speci-" Hed, be referred for the fame; that is to say, where there shall " happen to be any substantial Building or Buildings upon the Ground " to be demiled, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon shall not " require, or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be " reserved to llis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an annual Rent " or Rents, not being leis than two-third parts of such annual sum as 41 shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, a reasonable Rent or Considera-" lion for such Building or Buildings and Ground respectively, for the 44 ten a and ellafe intended to be granted of and in the fame; and so as

" there be paid to the use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a , " Fine or Fines to the amount of the remaining part of such annual " sum as aforesaid, subject to a Discount, which shall not be computed " at a higher rate than the highest legal rate ot Interest at the time of " making any such Grant or Lease."

That your MemorialiHs, and, as your Memorialists verily believe, very few (if any) of the Crown Tenants were apprised of the intention and object of the Legislaturc in passing the said Act of His present Majesty’s reign, whereby the intereHs of the Crown Tenants were so materially a fief ted, otherwise the MemorialiHs would have judg/xl it a duty they owed to themselves and to their Families to have repre-fented, with all humility, to the Legislature, that the provisions of that Ad would defiroy the confidential compart which had fubiilted lor ages between the Crown and its Tenants, and by wliicii the property of the Crown had attained its present unexampled prospeiitv; that the terms of Renewal, there enacted, would be equal to a conlilc.Uiun of all Tenant-right, and an actual prohibition on Renewals; whereby whole Families of fortune and lvfpedability would fuller most 1 eve rely in their property, and the inferior Tenants would be entirely nulled of their tenures; that it never could be the with of a mild and beneficent Legislature, that the Tenants of the Church, of the City of London, of all the other public Bodies in llis Majesty's Dominions, Humid be treated with more liberality and more attention to their Tenant-right, than the Tenants of the Crown; and, finally, that if they were to be so treated, your MemorialiHs would with due deference have rep re-fen ted, that 110 compact that had not for its balis mutual interelis ami reciprocal advantages, could be ultimately beneficial to the Crown, or permanent in its duration.

That your MemorialiHs wer£ equally concerned and furnrifed to find, upon applying for the terms upon which they might renew thdr Leases, that the Art of Parliament of His present Majesty; before referred to, had passed; and that by a Minute of the Board of TrcaiVv, bearing date the 4th of November 1704, in answer to a Memorial of llis Majesty’s Surveyor General, dated the 5th day of August 1704, it was rdblved, " That the deduction of one-twentieth of the net Rent, u ascertained by the Surveyors in the manner prescribed by the Act of " the last Session of Parliament, will be l'u Hie lent;" more especially as it was previously ltated, that the Crown should be conliciered as a more deiirable Landlord than a private Individual; whereas your.Me-moriaUfis, with great submifiiun, aver, that few private Individuals, and no public Bodies, require terms limilar to those prescribed in that Minute.

That your MemorialiHs take leave to recal to your Lordships recollection, the Obl'ervations of the Surveyor General of llis Maieb/’s Land Revenue, as let forth in his Memorial to the Lords of the i reu-lury, dated 5th day of August 1704, and more (dpecialiy to that part where he Hates, that "it would Hem to be deniable that the Rent, " though near to the value, should be l'o reulonable, as that the ob-" taining a Crown Lease may frill be reckoned a favour; that Government may not, after a Lease has been granted, be disturbed with " applications for new allowances or deductions, or, if liicli apphea-" tions should be made, may deem it uimecessary to attend l(> them; " that the regular payment of Rent, and the perlorm inre of Covt-" nants, may be enforced without any just ground of complaint'; and " that, notwithstanding that uniform regularity, the King may full be " reckoned a more deiirable Landlord, than a Subject attentive to the " management of his property." And further, u It is with go-at dii-" fidence I submit to your Lordships consideration, whether the iHn.ir-" tion of one-eighth part of the net Rent of Land EHates, and Efiutis " in Houses, would be sufficient."

That your Memorialists, in confirmation of the opinion there e\-prefied, also take leave to call your Lord/!lips attention to the advantage which the Crown would derive from Renewals of their Leases at a moderate Fine. The application for Renewal must be made within twenty years of the expiration of the Lease; when the Renewal is made at the difiance of twenty years, as it generally would be, if moderate Fine were required, Government would receive that Fine by anticipation, and nineteen Tenants out of twenty would immediately begin repairs and improvements, and lay out a confulerable Hun on the Premises, to add to their own convenience and property; r.iul which would consequently add to the value of the property oi the Crown. If therefore the sum impeded by the Crown as a Fine were really moderate, the Crown, by receiving it twenty years before the expiration of the Lease, would at that period, in fact, have received by compound interest nearly treble the amount of the Fine paid. On the contrary, in case the Renewal did not take {dace, and the Fine was not paid at an early period, so as to allow the accumulation of interefi in lavour of the Crown, the Fine, however high, exacted from a new Tenant, could bear no proportion to the incmife of the moderate Fine in the case before exemplified, more especially as your MemorialiHs submit, that nineteen Tenants out of twenty would do no more during the remainder of their term than keep the Premises in decent repair; that their real value would be diminishing yearly, and would probably dwindle from one defrription of Tenant to another and inferior one, until at length the lafi Tenant might bear upon the Rate of a pauper, and bd tot ally unable (or niight find it against his

1!

F;

a

trl

tl

D

V

cr

prr

so:

5* 1

loi

tli?

itir

fd

To:

K:

ynr

lit

lib

ti:

lb

so

3t?

h

Cl

tj

;b

Lr

Ed

ki

s»;.

k

hi

4*3 Gizo* Ill*

’ Appendix.

775

his interest) to renew upon any terms. The Buildings thus materially injured would fall to the Crown in a Hate of ruin, whereby the neighbourhood would be disgraced, the neighbouring property much lessened in value, and the Leases of the Crown would in time fink into disrepute, and its Revenue would in consequence be greatly deteriorated.

That your Memorialists feel themselves bound in honour and justice to their Families to Hate to your Lordships, in the most pointed and pressing terms, the extreme hardship which the said Act of His present Majesty will inflidi upon the Relatives and Descendants of Crown Tenants, who have made provisions for their Widows and Children out of the property held under the Crown, upon a conviction, and, as your Memorialists humbly fubinit, a just expectation of a Renewal of their Lcales upon a moderate Fine, and the usual Rent. If under such conviction, the Widow of a Crown Tenant should have her dowry allotted out of a Leasehold of the Crown, /he would find it impossible to pay the expence of the Lease, and the Fine and Rent exacted by the Act of His present Majesty; and again, where a Crown Tenant has polleft'ed various kinds of property, and, in the division of it amongst his family, he has allotted, under the conviction before expressed, that portion of it which he held under the Crown to one Child, and his remaining property amongst his otherChildren, it will happen, in case the Ad complained of shall be enforced in the manner proposed, that the disposition of the property of the Tenant, which he meant to be just and equal amongst his family, will be most unjult and unequal; and it may, and frequently will occur, that the Child who had the misfortune to have the Crown property allotted to him, would not be able to renew upon the present terms, and would, consequently, be entirely deprived of ins patrimony. These are cases of calamity which come within the painful knowledge of foine of your Memorialifrs. There are many other cases, which, although not so prominent, are still deeply injurious to the Tenants of the Crown and their Families. And it is to be observed, that these consequences accrue without any blame being imputable to the Tenants of the Crown, who, from ancient and invariable ul’age, were entitled to reckon upon their Leases as a solid ground of family iettlement and provision; which the execution of the Act of the 34th year of the King, in the manner proposed, will annul, without any warning having been given to them, or any time having been allotted, in which they might have made provision to avert the ruinous consequences of this new lyftem.

That your Meinorialists are aware of an objection which may be

suggested to the revision of the said Act, in regard that the reasonable-ness of the Rent is in some degree placed at the discretion of your Lordships. But your Memorialists, with all due relped, fubinit, that the Board of Treasury having agreed, as Hated in the Minutes before referred to, that a deduction of one-twentieth part of the net Rent is sufficient, that general determination being likely to be acted upon, your Memorialists are compelled to represent, that they will be greatly aggrieved by your Lordships adhering to that ratio.

That your Memorialills are also aware of the discretion with which 'your Lordships arc invested to grant relief in particular cases; and are fully fcniible that such discretion would be employed in the moll liberal and equitable manner; but your Memorialists are at the same time apprised, that the measure of such discretion may be guided by the ratio which has been laid down, whereas your Memorialills lay no claim to particular favour, but roll their rights to redress upon the severity of the rule before prescribed.

That your Memorialills beg leave to refer to the Hate of the Renewals of Crown Leases since the passing of the said Act of His present Majesty, whereby it will be found that few Renewals have taken place, and that theMc few have been obtained principally by Persons of fortune; and your Memorialists are in conseqiience compelled to observe, that the terms now prescribed, although they may come within the readi of some Persons of property, will entirely annihilate the inferior Class of Crown'Tenants.

'That your Memorialists allb nbferve, that great difference of opinion has frequently prevailed between the valuation of the Crown Surveyor^ and that of the Tenants Surveyor; and there being no appeal from the valuation of the former, the grievance belore complained ot is greatly increasod; more particularly as the Report which the Surveyors of the Crown are directed, by the said Act, to make to your Lordships, is of " the true and fair improved annual worth or value " of the respective Estates," whereby, as your Memorialing fubinit, the situation of the Property and of the Tenant were intended to be considered; but your Memorialills apprehend, that the Surveyors have mifeonftrued the intention of the Legislature, and the words of the Ad, and have reported the " full" instead of the "fair" improved annual worth or value of the respective premises.

That your Memorialills would be doing injustice to themselves to renew their Leases upon the terms required, when so many other and Cecjj Wray, more beneficial channels of inverting their property present themselves; Samuel Moody, but that your Memorialists, and many others within their knowledge, james Chrifiie. would inllantly renew thdr Leases if moderate terms were allowed; T. Banister. and your Memorialills are convinced, without being influenced by jGhn Gregory, their withes or their intcrells, that the revisal of the said Act of His peter Ludgate.

present Majesty (in case it should be deemed to deprive you* Lord- James Tregent.

/hips of a discretion as to the Rent or Fines to be imposed, which however, your Memorialills humbly fubinit it does not deprive you of) and the adopting of a more liberal mode of Renewal for the Crown Tenants, would immediately produce a vail influx of money into the Treasury, and would attach the Tenants to the1 Crown, and make their Interests conjoint and permanent.

That your Memorialills, with great submission, take the liberty to add, that upon the moll mature and impartial consideration which they are enabled to give this subject, and without wishing their tenure to continue at the present rent, or in any manner to intrench upon the fair claims of the Crown, they are impressed with a con-vision, that, if your Lordships inforce the provisions of the Act of His present Majesty, according to the rule laid down in the Minutes before referred to, a violation will be otlered to the reasonable and equitable rights of your Memorialills, and of many others of His Majesty:s subjects: Rights which, although they do not possess the solemnity of legal obligation, as between the Crown and the Lessee, have been uniformly recognized by Courts of Justice; and the Tenant-Right of Renewal, in questions between Individuals, have been invariably confirmed; by which an equitable efledl has been given to the expectation of the Tenant, in conformity to the original engagement, considering it as founded on immemorial and established ulage.

Your Memorialills therefore most humbly pray, That your Lordships will be pleased to take the provisions of the said Act of Parliament of I iis present Majesty into consideration, and to adopt such measures as to your Lordships may seem expedient, for the purpose of relieving your Memorialists from the hard-ships of the lame; or, in case your powers /hould be found not to be discretionary, to function, with your Lordships approbation, such application as your Memorialists may be advised to make to Parliament, for modifying the terms of the renewal of that description of Crown Leases referred to in this Memorial, in such manner as to the Legislature shall seem fit.

And your Memorialills shall ever pray.

\Vra Phillimore, for the Executrixes of the late John Mach in, Esq. Eliz. James Delaney, per J. Gre-gory.

James Wortham, for William Craw-surd, Esq. Representutive of isaac Lacam, decd.

R. B. Sheridan, per H. Burges. Harrington.

Essex.

Leeds.

A. Godolphin.

Lord Milford, pdr J. Banister, Jun. Queensberry.

Balcarras.

Drummond Smith.

Katharine Gertrude Robinson.

George Owen Cambridge, for Rich* Owen Cambridge.

Fife.

T. Stanley.

Sheffield.

Alexr Adair.

Thomas Conolly.

Henry Hoyle Oddie, for their Graces the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch.

William Pulteney.

William Dolben.

Thomas Davies.

John Dodman, for Sir Joseph Andrews, Bart.

Thomas Weiion.

John Smith Burges.

Ann Fardif.

Whitworth.

A. Dorset.

Marlborough.

Earl Cadogan, per J. Banister, Jttft. Laura Keppell.

John Elliott.

Gower.

Thomas Williams, Executor of Philip Hewes, Esq.

W'hitlhed Keene.

Thomas Winter.

Thomas Vallunce.

John Ninnno.

Richard Payne Knight.

M. B. Folkes.

W. Hervey.

Revd Arthur Robinson Chauvel. John Tween.

Joseph Hornbuckle.

John Forfter.

John Harrilbn.

Robert Merries.

John Hamilton, for the Trustees of the late John Aftley, Esq. Alexr Barclay.

W. Ilumby.

W. Windale.

Tho* Mathews, for Richard Mathews, Devisee of Ann Snow. Archd Paxton,

Richard North.

Richmond, &c.

George Pocock.

Ann Louisa Stuart.

H. Iloworth.

John Bunco, Executor to Mr. Cox.

Job Arnold Glover.

Francis Craig.

Cha* Constable, for the Rev4 Anthony Nott.

Cha8 Millett, for Ann Fuller.

Wm Ogden, Esq. per J. Banister, Jun. Edmd Cobb Hurry, for Wm Hurry. John Weatherall.

John Lubbock.

1'homas Hammond.

Fafliam Nairn.

B. Vulliamy.

Thomas Jlolloway.

M. H. Wagner.

John Didlliury.

Samuel Cleaver.

John St. Barbe, Executor to James

Kirke.

William Hall.

B. J. Johnson.

Thomas Bunny.

George Martin,

Peter Coxe, for himself and Wa Coxe, Martha Rivers Gay, Edw* Coxe, Emilia Henrietta Coxe, and George Coxe.

' 11 111 Hewy

Coxe.

.oogl1

776

Appendix. A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 13.)

j® Decembris,

continued.

-----— , f

Henry Holland.

John Calland, TruAee for Mrs.

Hawkins.

John Hoppner.

W. Bullock, Conr.mittee of Robert Mucks, Esq.

John Beard.

Mr. George and Mise Manners, by D. Croafdaile.

James Wortham, for Miss Ann Wortham.

John Burgifs.

Edward Huddleflone.

James Palmer.

Joseph Thompson.

Thomas Williams.

James Bunn.

John Howell.

Tho* Williams, Executor of Nathan Garrick, Esq.

Wm Rowley, M. D. Trustee for the late Mr. Dring.

John Kensington.

T. Holbech, Esq. per S. Law.

V. Prodlor.

Wm Snell.

Thomas Mann, per J. Baniller, Jun.

John Ilames, Esq, per J. Baniller, Jun.

William Walton, for Christ. Mor-ritt, Esq.

Sir,

N° 20*—-(B.)

Having laid before my Lords Commissioners of llis Majesty’s Treasury, a Memorial of sundry Leflces under the Crown, praying relief in regard to the Renewal of their Leases under the Act of 34th George the Third, I have received the Commands of my Lords to transmit the same to you, and desire you will inform them, whether you fee any ground whatever to recommend to their Lordships to alter any of the provisions of the Ad alluded to.

I am, Sir,

Your mod obedient Servant,

Treasury Chambers, 7 7th June 1802. J

John Fordyce, Esq. Survr Gen1 Crown Lands.

J. H. Addington.

N° 20.—(C.)

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

In obedience to your Lordships commands, signified to me by Mr. Hiley Addingtons letter of the 7B1 of June lad, transmitting to me a [! Memorial of sundry Lessees under the Crown, praying Relief in regard

to the R<mewal of their Leases under the Act of the 34th Geo. III.

I for the better management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and

J desiring me to inform your Lordships, whether I fee any ground what-

I ever to recommend to your Lordships to alter any of the provisions of

* the Ad alluded to; I have considered, with very great attention, the

i Memorial transmitted to me, which has been signed by many Persons

£ of the highest respectability; and I report as follows:

The Memorialids, who describe themselves as being Tenants of certain Estates held under the Crown whereon Messuages or other 'Buildings have been erected, represent, that their Leases were taken or purchased, by themselves or their aneeftors, under an expectation and

a confidence that the fame would be renewed upon payment of a [. moderate Fine, or a small and reasonable increase of Rent, in the

like manner as Renewals of leases from the Crown had, from time immemorial, been granted: That the Tenants of the Crown {iad been ' induced, by the expectation and confidence which such immemorial

usage had excited, to expend large sums of money in the substantial improvement of their respective Premises, with a view to permanent \ advantage to themselves and families, and a concurrent benefit to the

t Crown; that those improvements could not have been expected, if the

prospect of Renewal had not been relied upon by the parties making them, the term of Fifty years, to which the Crown was restrided in v granting Leases of Houses, being much too short to have induced the

Tenants of the Crown to expend the large sums which have been laid out by them in building; and that they were not apprised of the intention and object of the Legislature in passing the said Act, otherwise they would have represented against it, as being dcllnidive of the

' confidential compact which had fubfilled for ages between the Crown

and its Tenants, and by which the property of the Crown had attained its present unexampled prosperity:—The Memorialifls also (late their conception of the advantages which the Crown itself would derive from Renewals of their Leases at moderate Fines, and the usual Rents; and after putting several possible cases of extreme hardship and cala-mity, which may result to the Tenants of the Crown and their Families from a perseverance in the fyllem now in practice; and referring to the present (late of Renewals, few of which they suppose to have taken place, and those few obtained principally by persons of fortune; and declaring their conviction that the adopting a more liberal mode of Renewal for the Crown Tenants Svould, from the numerous applications which would be immediately made for Leases, produce a vast influx of money into the Treasury; they most humbly pray, that your Lordships will be pleated* to takethe provisions of the said Act into consideration, and to adopt such measures as may seem expedient for the purpose of relieving them from the hardships of the fame; or, in case your Lordships powers should be found not to be discretionary, 7

(as to the Rents or Fines to be imposed) that your Lordships would sanction with your approbation an application to Parliament, for modifying the terms of Renewal of that description of Ciown Lealea referred to in the Memorial.

But, though the prayer of the Memorial is expressed in those general terms, the kind of relief fought for is explained in the preceding parts of it; in which the long continuance of the ancient iyltein is hated to have formed a confidential compact between the Crown and its Tenants, under which they claim, " That Leases may be renewed " upon the payment of a moderate f ine, or a small and reasonable " increase of Rent, in the like manner as Renewals of \cafcs under the " Crown had from time immemorial been granted"

In order to bring before your Lordships, in the cleared manner, the etfed which would be produced by complying with this request, of returning again to that fyllem of management which had so long prevailed, it may be proper briefly to Hate to your Lordships some of the measures resorted to by the Legislature 011 this subject, which has been so often under consideration.

At the beginning of the lad century, an attempt was made, after long difeuflion in Parliament, to prevent, by the Civil Lilt Ad of Queen Anne, the wade and abuses in the management of the Crown s Estates, which had been in almost every age complained of. The avowed object of that Ad was u to increase the Land Revenues of " the Crown, and consequently to ease and lessen the burthen upon " the Estates of the Subjects of this Realm in all future provisions to " be made for the expences of the Civil Government " but it was found by the experience of nearly a century, that the provisions of that Ad were inadequate to the purpose for which they were intended; means had artfully been contrived for evading them, and defeating the proposed elTed; and little Revenue was derived to the Crown from a property of great value. An examination into the causes of this evql was called for; and, for that purpose, Commissioners were appointed by Parliament " to enquire into the date of the Woods, Foreds, and " Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fugged such plans for the " future management and improvement of those Estates, as they " should think bed calculated to render them mod productive and " advantageous to His Majesty and the Public." The performance of that duty occupied the sedulous attention of those Commissioners for nearly seven years; in the course of which they made feyenteen Reports to Parliament, the accuracy or fairness of which has not been called in question.

In those Reports, the errors and defects of that system of management, which had been the subject complained of, were fully displayed: Surveys had not always been made before new Leases were granted; and, when made, had not been verified by the oatiis of the Surveyors; Renewals had been granted whenever applied for:—Covenants were not observed One-eighth part only of the estimated value of Houses was taken in rent 3 and for the remaining seven-eigiilh parts a Fine was professed to be taken: but, as the Fines for new Leases were generally paid at a time when a great part of the terms of former Leases remained unexpired, and aDifcount w?as allowed thereon, computed at the rate of 8, 9, or 10 per Cent. Compound Interest, those l ines were very unproductive, indeed little better than nominal. It appears from the same Reports, that of the Total Value arising from Houses and LandEJlates, the seven-eighth parts taken in Fine amounted annually, on an average, to little more than the one-eighth part taken in rent, even after making allowance of Interests, on the sum actually paid as Fine, for the whole time of the anticipation; or, in other words, for the whole term remaining of the former Lease at the time of its payment; but if the Computation had been made on llouics and Land Estates separately, the Leases of Houses being for. Fifty years, and the Leases of Lands only for 31 years, and a much higher Rate of Interest allowed on the first than on the lad, the seven-eighth parts of Rent on Leases of Houses professed to be taken in Fine, would have been found not to have yielded near half as much as the one-eighth part taken in Rent.

In fa&, Renewals seem to have been obtained as soon as the Fine, computed in the usual manner, would produce enough to pay the Fees on passing the Leases, however small the pittance might be that was payable to the Crown in the name of a Fine; and it is dated by those Commissioners, in their 17th Report, that a Property belonging to the Crown, which, according to their estimation, might, under a proper system of management, be brought to yield an Income of £.400,000. a year, had, under the strange system which had been pursued, and after deducing what had been expended on the Foreds, Parks, and Chaces, yielded a clear Revenue of no more than £.<5,133* 4* 4^ one year with another, from the commencement of the present reign, to the year 1793, when that Report was made.

It appears, therefore, that if that property under the former system of management attained unexampled prosperity, as dated in the Memorial, a very small share of concurrent benefit had been enjoyed by the Crown.

The Commissioners found in the Proceedings for Renewals, under this loose and unguarded system, some forms which gave the appearance of the real value of the property granted being paid to the Crown; but those forms were ineffectual, and the appearance delusive.

The

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

tf.

US

St

The Value was tinted to the Treasury either according to a Survey, or some other l’uppoi'ed Sufficient means of Information; but the Valuation was not made on Oath, and the Tines for«fe veil-eighth parts thereof were computed in the manner which has. been described, so as to produce very little.

The Commissioners imputed no blame to the Lessees on this account; it was not to be ftipposed that they would not take Leases on the most favourable terms on which they could be obtained; nor to the Officers of the Crown, who profited by the frequency of Renewals, on conditions so unfavourable to the Crown;—they blamed the fyltem of Management, and the Government by which it was fullered so long tb continue.

The Commissioners did not conceive that the long endurance of a loose fyltem of Management, which admitted of such transactions, could be considered as having created a confidential compact between the Crown and its Tenants, or that it could establish any prescriptive right in those who profited by them to have them continued for ever. What they recommended therefore to the Legislature was, that every thing which feerued to be objectionable should, in the proceedings for all future Leases, be prevented; that Surveys should in every case be made, and certified by the oath of the Surveyor;—that Leases should not be renewed when more than twenty years of the emitting term remained. That in Lrates of Homes not leis than two-third parts of the annual value of the Property should be taken in Rent, and tliAt in computing w’hat was to be paid as Fine, for the reii-lue thereof, no higher rate of Interest than Rive per-cent. should be allowed; and that in Leases of Ground for building, the whole Consider.itum should he taken in Rent only. Those means of aioertaining the Value being taken, they recommended " that the Rent demanded should not be " the utmost that the Property could enable the Lei foe to pay; that 44 it ffionld be so moderate, as that the regular payment of the Rent 4i might be relied on, and the performance of Covenants enforced:

46 But, on the other hand, that the advantages enjoyed by the Leffioes 44 should be open and avowed, and that an end should be put to that 41 lytiem by which the real Value fmnrd to he paid, but was after-4i wards brought down by Fees of Office, and Calculations made at u extravagant rates of Imereti."

The fyltem of Management proposed in those Reports having been approved of, a Bill was brought into Parliament, and the Act for the tetter Management of the Land Revenue was passed, enabling the Surveyor General, under the controul of the Treasury, to carry that system into effect.

Soon after the puffing of that Act, and in order that I might fulfil the duty imposed upon me in the manner the most confiltent with the intention of the Legislature, I proposed to the Treasury, in a Memorial referred to by the present Memorialitis, that some general principles should be established by which my proceedings might be regulated, Rating such cases as I foresaw might be expected to occur in conl'e-quence of the alteration made in the fyltem of Management.

In answer to that Memorial, a Minute of the Treasury was sent to me, in which, among other Regulations, there was that which follows; viz.—u Where Houses have been built, or Improvements 44 made, in expectation of a Renewal, at a time when no adequate 44 term of the Lease remained, my Lords are of opinion, that a cer-" tain number of years should be added to such Lease, but refi ning " the fame Rent for the additional term as would have been required 34 Geo.Ui. " previous to the building, if the Regulations of the Act of lafi Sef-" lion had then been in force."

This Regulation seems to apply particularly to the strongeti ground of claim tinted by those Ltd’ecs who now apply for relief; and various cales of this kind have occurred, in every one of which great liberality has been manitHted on llpart of the: Treasury; and such addition has been in a'1 out taking any Fine,

v to the term at a Ground Rent only, and with-as would make the whole term equal to what

would now be granted for the erection of a limilar Building

It is indeed true, that I did propose a more contiderable general deduction from the Value ascertained by the Surveyors, than the Lords of the Treasury thought it right to authorize. Alter giving the most deliberate consideration to aJi the realons I adduced in l'upport of what I proposed, the determination was, that a less considerabte general Abatement should be made; but which, with a preference of Renewal in all cases to the Lell’ec, was deemed a futlicunt proof of moderation and kindness on the part of the Crown; and that a liberal consideration would be given to every juti claim, on account of any Improvements which hud been made 111 expectation of a Renewal; and I have no doubt, that if any case, though not falling within the descriptiun given in that Minute of the Treasury, should be tinted to that Board, of money expended from a niitiaken confidence in the continuance of the ancient fyltem of Management, that the determination would be conlitient with the lame liberal principles, and that proper relief would be given.

It niuti indeed be admitted, that, as there had been no uniformity in the conduct of the Tenants of the Crown, some having erected Buildings, and made great Improvements, while others had neglected to fullil their Covenants, or injured the Property intmlted to them^ the cale was riot of that kind ib which just or suitable relief could be given by one equal and general deduction; as, what might be quite inadequate to the expectation of a 'Tenant who had erected a Building in contemplation of a Renewal, would be much more than ought to be allowed to a Tenant who had not fulfilled his engagements; and that each case ought therefore to be judged of by its own merits.

In conformity with the spirit of the Rules so elteblished, the Management of the Crown's Eft ate has ever since been conducted; and though it may be true, that, in some inltanres, the Surveyor of the Led be has thought the value put on property by the Surveyors of the Crown, acting on oath, too high, no example can be given where, on complaint thereof being made, and circumstanc.es tinted which were unknown to the Office Surveyors, but which were of a nature that ought to be considered in estimating the true and fair annual value of the premises, the Crown’s Surveyors have not been called upon to re-consider the valuation they had before made; nor can it be laid that I have, on any occasion, refilled to lubinit to the consideration of your Lordships any just Claim for more than the general Abatement, or that the Treasury has failed to give to such Claim a due attention, and to make in every such cul> a fair and adequate allowance.

It may not be improper to add, that the Memorialitis are completely miliriformed, in suppoting that few Leases have been applied for since the new system took place, or granted except to peopie gf fortune. The applications are numerous; many Leases have been granted;—in the lew instances in which the Lei lees have declined to renew on the terms proposed, other persons have, on the fame terms, readily accepted Leases. There are, indeed, instances of more having been olfered by others for Leases which the I.etlees had declined to renew, than had been required from them; and several emes have occurred of new Leases being brought to public Sale, and, on evny one of them that has come within iny knowledge, a considerable profit has been obtained determined by the Seller.

Perhaps the account I have given of the Proceedings of the Let if-lature, and of the Officers employed in the management of the Crown’s Kitate, may be too minutely detailed; but I thought that, in a in Jitter of so much importance, the llating the cale fully and di diner iy would be of far more utility than any opinion of my own, in enabling your Lordships to judge whether any alterations ffiotilii be made iii the provisions of the Act complained of by the Memorialitis.

All which is humbly fubinitted to your Lortifhipsi

Survr Gen*.

3©tli November 1802.

Land Revenue Office, 1 14 ill December 1 So a.

John Fon’jce,

Snr\r Genh

in

Vo 1.. 58

9 M

778

Appendix*

1802-3.

ppendixj No. 14.)

Decembris.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of FLAX and FLAXEN YARN Imported into Great Britain,

J x f E A R S - ~ - - - 1792. - 1793- - - - - 1794* - 1 79: )•

COUNTRIES. Flax. Flaxen l-'lax. Flaxen Flax. Flaxen Flax. Flaxen

\ arn. Yarn. Yarn. Yarn.

Cwc. qrs. lbs. lbs. Cwt. ’ qrs. lbs. lbs. Cwt. qrs. lbs. lbs. Cwt. qrs. lbs. lbs.

DENMARK 7° 0 0 -

RUSSIA - - - 182,380 1 26 208,732 O 26 - 265,825 2 O - 183,067 3 0 1,120

SWEDEN - - 2 0 1 - - - - 88 2 ‘20 - - , -

POLAND - - - - 205 1 3 1,034 43 1 3 716 193 O 15 250,992 8T0 3 1 30,012

PRUSSIA - - 9,834 1 10 4.459.347 5,137 O 4 3i758,682 5,160 1 23 3,497.581 2,557 1 6 3,560,091

GERMANY - - <0 O 4 3,082,228 5i O 0 3,054,822 26 O O 1,603,037 22,907 3 13 2,663,960

HOLLAND - - 49,888 3 26 45 57»°°5 3 19 - 73,099 3 2/ 87 3,-55 1 12 -

FLANDERS * - 128 3 19 799 - - 439 - - 2,391 -

FRANCE - - - 708 1 22 *• - - 280

ITALY - 601

IRELAND, Ides of MAN, GUERNS >EYy

and JERSEY - 165 2 1 1^80,607 279 3 9 ■1,346,395 303 O 23 1,282,820 355 2 22 2,422,885

NEW YORK

ASIA - - 12,74* 2 21

TOTAL - 0 6 9,5-4,060 1 5 3,i6i,935 344,696 3 24 7,636,908 225,826 1 19 8,678,077

PRIZE - - 3,670 2 3 - 27 0 15 -

Inspector General’s Office, Custom-House, London December 1802

fice,>

"I

4M

’■$5 2

ppcndix.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of PRATIQUE of the Port of Dublin, for One Year; from 5th January 1803

to 5th January 1804.

CHARGE for One Quarter: £. £. s. d.

Sloop-master Mate 8 Seamen - - at 30 s.per month 10 D° - victualled, at 10 d. per day - - , Wear and Tear of Sloop - -- -- --3 Wherries Wear and Tear of D° - - - To make good Treasury Deductions, and Pells ----- To 3 Quarters, at the above Rate, to 5U1 January 1S04 - - - 12 10 — 7 10 — 36 — 38—5 25 97 10 — 37 10 — 7 17 G 261 17 61 78.5 11 7 i

Total Charge for One Year, to 5th January 1804 - Irish 1,047 10 2

• John Draper.

Stephen Draper.

An ESTIMATE of the Probable Expence of CIVIL BUILDINGS in Ireland, for One Year; from the 5 th of January 180s

to the 5th of January 1804.

Salaries and Wages New Erections Repairs -

Gardens and Pleasure Grounds Purchase of Furniture Contingencies

Irish Money.

£. s. <1. 1,707 14 — 5,000-----

10,354 9 7

2,765 2 8

2,561 15 3 2,610 18 51

25,000-----

t<

R. , Pro Sec.

Md November 1801. Arch*.

Leonard Spear, Sup»ofAcc«*

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

779

the Ten Years ending the 5th January 1802; distinguiiliing each Year; and the Countries from whence Imported.

1706. - -

Flax.

Cwt. qrs. lbs.

4,795 26 218,217 1 2

345 3 > 16,861 1 10 21,309 2 16 38,699 1 17

84 2 12

193 2 16

10,575 * 2

321,082 2 18 156 1 21

Flaxen

Yarn.

ibs.

3,000

3*240,9 77 ,848,732 2,115

1,819,721

7,914>545

179;

Flax.

Flaxen

Yam.

Cw . qrs. lbs.

1,788 2 27

312

15J.377 1 17 100 o o 50 1 10 7,745 1 10|2,865,628 2,496 2 10 1,075,647 30,452 2 8 .1,489

lbs.

1.350 1 8

5,iS3 2 2

2°9,544 3 8 137 1 o

2,443,739

1798.

l’lax.

Cwt. qrs, lbs.

1,973 1 13 *9i>°4i 3 11 1,611 1 16

13*362 3 12 23,527 3 24

56,998 2 7

347 0 25

238 2 22

7,286,815

389,601 3 18 335 3

Flaxen

Yarn.

lbs.

102,483

2,821

4,050,665 3,004,304 7*934

2,060,856

9,229,113

- - 1799.

• Ilax.'

Cwt. qrs. lbs.

755 2 14 343*999 0 6

7 ‘2 O

28,018 O 16 26,377 2 18 l8,]27 2 O

199 1 26

417,484 3 24 1,252 o 8

Flaxen

Yam.

Ibs

96

4,290,815

4,588,164

174

1,672,244

10,551,493

921

1800. - * -

Flax.

Flaxen

Yarn.

Cwt. qrs. lb*.

291,023 3 11

6,812 3 27

27,112 1 15 7,134 2 1

77,729 3 5

103 o 7

v ',

616 3 7

4io,533 1 17 5,587 1 9

lbs.

2^0

1,393

5,159,043

3,37i,652

.1,561

218

2,117,802

10,652,239

4,607

Apr (N< 24* D

- l80l.

Flax.

Cwt. qrs. lbs.

Flaxen

Yarn.

lbs.

183,941 3 1 24<»

220 O O 3,846

160 2 23 22,637

16,980 3 02,946,463

4,0731 12,115,683

62,170 O 24 57'i

2,301

3,542 O 21 '3,249,512 153 33 —

271,242 2 17 8,341,254

793 o 19I —

William Irving, Inipedor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of apprehending PUBLIC OFFENDERS in Ireland.

For Ohe Year; from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804: Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, Irish Money.

Chief Secretary’s Office,' Dublin Castle. 1

A. Marfdat.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

3C Februarii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of CRIMINAL PR OS E CUT! ON S, and 6ther Law Proceedings, in Ireland.

For One Year; from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804? Twenty Thousand Pounds, Irish Money.

Chief Secretary’s Office. Dublin Cattle

A. Mars

ESTIMATE of the Expence of publishing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, a fid other Newspapers*

in Ireland; for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1804.

£. 7,016. 9. IO f. Irish Money.

George Grierson.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Printing and Binding 250 Copies of the ACTS of the Third Sessiod of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.

£. 900. Irish Money.

George Grierson.

780

Appendix;

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

3® Februari

continued.

Ah' ESTIMATE of the Charge of PRINT! NG, STATIONARY, and other Disbursements, for the Chiefund Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c.; and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Officer; for One Year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5 th of Janua/y 1804.

tlis Majesty’s Printer -

His Majesty's Stationer -

Disburlcments by Office-keeper, Civil Department, Chief Secretary's Office

- - - Ditto - - - - Military Ditto - -;

- - - Ditto - - - - Chief Secretary's Office in London -

To pay Fees in England on His Majesty's Letters for the Blue of Money from tlieTreasury in Ireland for Public Sendees -

£. s. d.

5,50®-----

5,000-----

2,800-----

75°-----

i, S(io-----

200 -

,*J.o pay Fees on the Lord Lieutenant's Warrants on His Majesty’s Letters for issuing Money from the Treasury of Ireland for Civil Expences -Council Office, for the Expence of Poltugc of Letters and Newspapers -Deputy Pursuivants, and Extra Messengers - -

40-----.

26 o-----

4,000-----

Irish Money

20,410-----

Chief Secretary's Office, ) Dublin Castle.

A. Marfd'.'i.

ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge for TREASURY INCIDENTS; for One Year, to the 5 th day of January 1S04.

Salaries on Incidents, and small Di/btirfements ...... Two Thousand Pounds, Iriili Money.

Treasury Chambers, Dublin, \

26th November 1802. j James Croftcn.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of Building LAW OFFICES in Ireland, in the Year to end 5 th January 1804,

The Sum of £. 4,000 will be wanted for erecting Offices for the Parliamentary Records,

and the Matter of the Rolls - 4,000. Irish Money,

ssssssssassssssamass

November 28th, 1802. Gandon.

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expenditure at His Majesty's GOLD MINE at Croagban, in the County of Wicklow, Ireland;

from 5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804.

- a. £. 1. 2. per week

- a. 8 s. per week

- a. 15 s. per d° - -

Salaries of Three Overseers of Diggers, Washers, &c. -Wages of 40 Diggers, Buddlers, Washers, &c. -

D° - 1 Carpenter - -

Timber and Boards -Wages of 1 Smith f - , -

Coals for Smith's use - - 6 tons -

Wages of 1 Head Miner - -

4 Miners ......

Iron for Miners Tools - - 1 ton

Waste Miners Tools - - 4 ctrt. -

Candles for Miners - - 40 dozen lbs. - a. 115. per dozen -

Gunpowder for Miners - 450 lbs. - - a. is. gd. per lb.

Sundry Materials, Sieve-bottoms, Nails, Shovels, Pickaxes, Wheelbarrows, &c.

Expences of Amalgamation, melting and allaying Gold ......

Incidentals, compriling Carriage, Materials, travelling Expences, Postage, Stationary, &c. Contingencies on the whole, 10 per Cl '

Commission to Directors

Irish

- per year

a. 1 -}s. per d° - -

a. 305. per ton a. 155. per week a: 11 s. 41 d. per d°

a. £.2. 16. per cwt.

£. s. d 177 9 — 832 - -

39-----

20-----

39-----

9 — —

39-----

118 6 —

28-----

114 — 22-----

39 7 6

50 —

16 -

50-----

140-----

160-----

1,784 6 6

British - £.\ 1,647 1 4

Cronebane, } November 6th 1802. y

Abram Mills, }

err T,r , f Directors of His Majesty s

Timas Weaver, > Gold Mine.

King, )

I. r

43 Geo. III.

Appendix,

781

ie t

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Printing 1,500 Copies of an INDEX to the Acts of the 39th and 40th of Geo. III. being the

two last Sessions of the Parliament of Ireland:

£.£12. IOJ*. Irish Money.

Appendix (No. 15O 3* Fe bru

continued.

George Grier Jon,

LINEN BOARD.

ESTIMATE of the Expence to the Tru flees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be defrayed by Parliament, fox promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures; for One Year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804; being the Amount of the Annual Grants for a series of years past.

Linen Office, December 7th, 1802.

£. 21,600. Irish Money.

■SSanSHMaa

(By Order.)

James Corry,

Secretary to the Trustees.

1

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expence of the Board of FI RST FRU ITS in Ireland; for One Year, from the5th January 1803

to the 5th January 1804.

for building new Churches, and rebuilding old Churches, in such Parishes as no public Service has been performed in for twenty years last pait; and for the Encouragement of building Glebe-houses, on such Terms as they shall think fit ——

Irish Money.

5,000-----

James Croft on.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several PUBLIC OFFICERS in Ireland, for their

Extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1803.

1 % English Money. Irish Money.

To Stephen Moore, Esq. Accountant General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and /. j. d. £~ * 340

stating the Public Accounts of Ireland, to be laid before this House this Session of Parliament - X? 313 16 n

To John Smart, Esq. Deputy Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for the year to 5th January7 1803 221 10 9 240

To Sir John Tydd, Bart, in consideration of his Attendance, Care, and Expence in the Office of Paymaster of Corn Bounties in Ireland - -- -- -- -- 738 9 3 800

To Paul le Bas, Esq. Examinator of Corn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of the said Office ----- 184 12 4 200

To Robert Marshall, Esq. Inspetfor General of Imports and Exports, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for Parliament, for One Year, ending the 5 th January 1802 - 230 15 5 250 —

To Rogers Wetherall, Esq. P'irlt Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament - 184 12 4 200 — —

To George Hatton, Esq. Examinator of Excise in Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in 184 12 4 200 '

To Samuel Hood, Esq. Assistant Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the said 138 9 3 150

To Thomas Haffield, Esq. Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary. Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament - -- -- - ' 184 12 4 200 — —

John Smith.

1

1

‘ Vol. 5J.

9 N

782

Appendi x.

A. 1803.

ndix,

16.)

uarii.

17th YEAR.-----The ANNUAL ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the t'tf-

Dr. — - - 63d Quarter. Old ANN * 3-P.-CT. New ANN* 3-P.-CT.

Total

1802. 17th YEAR. CAS Ii Received. r . ,/ Capital. Price* Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

£■ «. "•

Quarterly Issue - 250,000 — —

99 and 96 An* - 13,720 3 7

Consol. Dividend 277,70o .9 6

New S° Sea Ditto - 35,226

£. 3-P.-C1 An# 1751, Ditto 9>120 —

Loans - 786,104 12 13

Imperial Ditto - 13,596 19 9

Feb. 3. By Stock Bought - -

4- - - Ditto - - — - * - —

5- - - Ditto - — 11,000 69 3 7^31 5 ——

9- - - Ditto - — 13,000 69 h 9.035 ——

10. - - Ditto - ‘ - —

11. - - Ditto ——

12. - - Ditto ——

16. - - Ditto - — 2 - —

17- - - Ditto ——

18. - * Ditto - - ~ ——

19* - - Ditto - - —

23- - - Ditto - — . - —

25- - - Ditto ——

26. - - Ditto - - — - -' - - —

Mar. 2. - - Ditto - - —

4- - - Ditto - ~ - - - — 20,500 68 g 14,068 2 6

5- - - Ditto - — 10,000 68 J 6,850 — ■*- 4,000 6?2 2,710

9- - - Ditto - - — 3>5°o <57? 2?37i 5 —

10. - - Ditto - - — 2,000 67 § 1,352 10 —

11. - - Ditto - — - - ‘ - —

12. - - Ditto - —

1(5. - - Ditto - - — 5,000 68 2 3>437 i° —

17* - - Ditto - — - . - —

18. - - Ditto - — - - - — 6,500 68 J 4,476 17 6

*9- - - Ditto ... - - —

23- - - Ditto - _ - —

24- - - Ditto - _ - —

26. - - Ditto ——

30. - - Ditto - — - - n - - —

31- - - Ditto - " - 2,500 701 1,753 2 6

April 1. - - Ditto - _ 9,000 71} 6,412 10

2. - - Ditto - — - - _ - , -

6. - - Ditto - — - - ... _ - V 1

7* - - Ditto - — - - , _ -

8. - - Ditto — - - _ _ 1

»■ - - Ditto - — 2,000 75 j 1,502 10 — - -

*3- - Ditto - . -

14. - - Ditto - — 2,000 75 8 1,507 10 — - -

15- - - Ditto 3>oooo 76 2,280 — — . -

21. - - Ditto - _ _

22. " - Ditto - — - — 15,000 76 i 11,437 10 —

23. - T Ditto - — 11,000 75 § 8,318 15 — - ,1 -

27- " " Ditto - -

4,000 75 g 3,025’

28. ~ Ditto ... --1

29. - - Ditto -

* 5,000 751 3,793 15 — - -

30. - - Ditto -

63d Quarter - £. "

‘,385468- 4ii| 61,000 I - - 43,943 15 — 68,000 - - 48,019 7 6

• II id by 1 , OC

ANN* 1751, 3-P.Ct.

Capital.

3.000 2,500

1.000

500

7,000

Price.

671 67i

671

68;

Sums Paid. I. ?’1"

2,031 10 — 1,093 >5 "

675-----

344 7

4,745 11

43 Geo. XXI.

Appendix.

783

REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, for a Year, ending the 31ft January 1803.

FOUR P.-Ct. ANN5. CONSOL0 3-P.-CT. REDUCED 3-P.-CT. IMPERIAL s-P.-Ct.

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. 1 Sums Paid. 1 1 1 Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

i7>5°o 851 15,028 2 6 20,000 60 | 13>875 9 1,100 68 § 752 2 6

l7»5°° 85 I 15,028 2 - - - — 21,000 69 hi H,537 10 ——

17,000 86 I 14,641 5 — | - - - 9,000 69h 6,255 1,100 68 a 754 17 6

17.500 86 d 15,137 i° - — 8,500 69 £ 5,918 2 6 - '

17^500 86 3 15.181 5 - — 20.400 69! 14,229 1,100 68 J 756 5 —

17,000 86 ij 14,76815 - — 22,000 69.5 15,345 ——

17,000 87 4 14,83210 - — 21,000 70 £ 7° 14,720 1,100 69 i 761. 15 —

17,000 87 5 14,917 10 - —- 22,089 7° & I 8 15,518 15 3 ——

17,000 87 8 14.85315 - — 2 j ,000 70 14,700 — — 1,100 69 759

17,000 871 14,83210 - 22,000 70 15,400 ——

17,000 86 I 14,662 10 - — 21,000 69 3 14,568 15 — 1,100 68 d 753 i° —

17,000 86 i 14,641 5 - — J 22,500 69 <j 15,553 2 6 ——

17,000 86 i 14,68315 - — j 22,400 69 £ 15,596 - —

17,000 86 § 14,68315 - 21,500 69 I 14,94‘2 10 — 1,100 68 i * 753 10 —

19,000 85 g 16,268 15 - — 19,700 69 13,593 - * - - —

10,000 85 £ 16,268 15 - — . - - -■ - —

- - - - — 27,000 67 2 18,326 5 - 1,100 67 g 741 2 6

- - - - — 38oOo 671 26,131 17 o' - —

- - - - — 41,500 673 28,116 5 —j - 1,100 67 i 741 2 6

- - - - — 43.500 67 g 29,416 17 6« - - - - - —

* - - - — 43’5°o 67 j & 29,480 12 6 - 1,100 671 739 15 —

• - - - — 38,700 68 26,654 12 61 ' - —

■ - - - — 42,500 684 29,271 17 6 - 1,100 68 4 750 15 —

■ - - - — 36,600 69 25,254 - —

- - - - — 42,500 69 i 29,378 2 6 - - - - 1,100 68 j| 752 2 6

i - - - — 43’7°° 68 i 30,098 7 6 ——

i - - — 42,500 69 1 29,431 5 - — 1,100 68 | 753 10 —

• - - — 42,500 69 d 29,537 1° - — 1,100 68 3 756 5 —

" - * — 43,000 7° 30,100 ——

- - — 39,400 7° i 27,678 10 — - - - t 1,100 69 \ 764 10 —

- - - — 33,200 7i § 23,696 10 ——

* - - - — 40,800 7- 2 29,520 - 1,100 71 I 786 10 —*

-1 16,000 92 i s 14,762 10 - — 20,000 76 2 1 15,327 10 — - - " * —

16,000 91 14,560 - 19,500 75 3 14,698 2 6 1,100 75 <0 1— to r.« 00

• 16,000 9° d ■} 14,507 10 — - - — 20,600 75 h 15,475 15 - —

lfi,000 9i 14,560 - — 17,800 75 k 13.394 10 — 922 75 4 8 693 >9 9

• 16,000 90 21 14,172 10 - — 20,600 75 J i 15*502 5 — - - - " —

- 16,000 91 i 14.580 — — " - — 18,600 75 I 14,043 ——

• 16,000 92 f 14,840 ! - — 17,000 7 *lh 12,952 10 —; - - - — t

• 16,000 92,1 14,860 ! J ;| - - - ... 20,000 76 J 15,250 1 - - —

• 1^,000 92! j 14.760 l - - — 5,oooo 75 £ 3’78j 5 ——

16,000 02 92,!; 14.721 5 - — 9,000 75 i 6,817 IO - - -• - —

16.000 9* !4,72o 1 - - T— 16,000 75 i 12,120 . - -

16,000 9U 14,660 — — i - — 20,500 75 f 15,52* 15 ——

16,000 92 14,720 — — 1! _ :53 - * — 15-500 76 1 i,7So-— — i - —

*6,000 9- 14,720 77 25 8 3 20,709 76 15,73s 16 9 1 - ——

502,000 445>873 15 — I r 639,433 II 1; - 442,127 — 0; 1 534,898 - «■ 387,161 14 6 19,622 4 13,596 m 9 ;d by VjQ

C\

CAPITAL

in all the

STOCKS.

Total

CASH Paid.

38.600

38o°°

38.100

39.000

39.000

39,qoo

39.100 39,089 39,i<x> 39/000

39.100

39.500

39,400

39.600

38.700

39.500

45.100

44.500

44.600

44.500

44.600

43.700

43.600

43.600

43>$oo

4*,7o

43.600

43.600

43.000

43.000

4‘.\2QO

41,900

36.000

36.600

36.600 36,722

36.600

36.600

36.000

36.000

36.000

36.000

36.000

36>5°°

36.500 36,742

29,655 5 —

29,565 12 6

29,282 7 6

30,090 12 6

30,166 10 —

30,113 15 — 30,314 5 — 30,436 5 3

30,31a 15 —. 30,23210 — 29,98415 — 30,194 7 6

30,279 15 —

30,379 *5 —

1,831,953

33le

29,861 15 v3o,33d 17 30,659 17

30.196 17 30,209 17

30.091 17 30,220 7

30.092 2

30,022 12 30,075 5 3°> 13° 5

30,098 7

3°>i84 15 3°,293 15 30,100 —-

30.196 2

30.109 —

30,315 '10

30,090 — 30,08410

29,983 5

30,15019 29,974 15 30,130 10 30,072 10

30.110 — 29>978 15 ' 29,857 10 29,865 — 30,188 15

30,293 15 1

30,484 5

1,385,46* 5 —

784

Appendix.

A. 1803. p- 111

Ah

17th YEAR.-----The Annual Account of the Commissionere A®

Dr. - - - - 64th Quarter. Old ANN‘ j-P.-Ct. New ANN* 3-P.-CT. ANN* 175 1, 3-P.-Ct. P.fr.AN

1802. 17th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. 1 Capital. Price. Sums Paid. J Sums

£■ s-

Quarterly I flue - 250,000

99 and 96 An* - 13,720 3 7

Unclaimed An* - 27,877 12 —

Expired An* - 20,244 3 7

Red- An* Dividend - 219,474 9 7 1

Four-P.-C* An* Ditto 29,400 — —

Old S° Sea - Ditto 43,800

An* 1777 - Ditto 12,500

Loans - 823,411 5 ij 1

Imperial Ditto - , 9,173 5 — 1

May 4. By Stock Bought — - - - -' - 1 :i ! 15470

5- - - Ditto - — 8,000 75 5,oio - - *— * - —— ' rt'544*

6. - - Ditto - - — 5,000 76 3,8oo - .«;• , ‘3,53:;

7- - - Ditto - — 6,000 75 & 4,507 10 — - - — " - — *! j 15-512:

11. - - Ditto - — 14,000 73 10,220 - — ■)! ij-i/i 1

12. - - Ditto - ' — - - — 15-215

13- - - Ditto - ’ - — 10,000 74 i 7,475 - - — ■ii: '5-357 1

14. - - Ditto - — 7,000 731 5,136 5 - - - — 'j | 15.27S 1

18. - - Ditto - r- - - - —■ - - —- ■I i5-34'2 1

19- - - Ditto - - - - —~ 'i 15,257 1

[20. - - Ditto - - - - ■! i '5,278 -

21. - - Ditto - 15.250

25- - - Ditto ... - — - - ’!l 15,421

26. - - Ditto - - 15,465

28. - - Ditto - - — 8,600 74 6,364 - - "* ■! ■5,553

June 2. - - Ditto - — 7>5°o 7*8 5,40 17 6 - - - - . - 5 15,400

3- - - Ditto - - — 8,000 72 I 5,77o 2,000 72 i 1,442 10 - 1 '5-430 -

9- - - Ditto - — 5,000 7i I 3,575 - r‘, ' 'i 15.347 1

10. - - Ditto - "i ij-772 1

15. - - Ditto - . - — - . - - * V; 10,118

16. - - Ditto - — 7,000 72 I 5,ioi 5 - — - - 13.885 -

*7- - - Ditto - - ■j ij-997 i'

18. - - Ditto - — 12,000 73 h 8,820 - - - 1 ‘5-997 1.

22. - Ditto - - ’ - - ji ‘6-245 -

*3- - - Ditto - — 2,000 74 I 1,497 10 - — - - lC-:!35 -

25* - - Ditto - - ■] 10,230 -

So. - - Ditto - ~ * ! l5-222 1,

July 1. - - Ditto - — - ,i 1 H -

2. - - Ditto - - - . 1 l5,177 11

6. - - Ditto - 2,000 73 g 1,467 10 — - - ■i '5-225 ],

7- - - Ditto - - - %7 ,

8. - - Ditto .... — — - . - i 16-267 K

9- - - Ditto - — 5,000 741 3>73i 5 - l5;20o

*3- - - Ditto - - ’ ' 1

14. - - Ditto - — 3,5oo 74 2,590 - - - — *•7 11 ‘5,22-1 ,

15- - - Ditto - — - , - - - ■•i1

16. - Ditto - __ _ m . — _ _ - - —■

20. 21. - - Ditto - - - Ditto - — 4>5°° 73 3,285 - - - — 3,000 73 1 2,197,o' 7'.[ 1 1 "'•12 1, 5'H5 -5'‘53 -^55

22. - - Ditto - — _ m _ _ , .. - - - •; \

*3- - - Ditto - _ —

27. - - Ditto ... — m m — 5,oooo 7o I 3>543 15 — _ - — ■‘MS; _ lr:« ,

28. - - Ditto . 714 6,412 10 — —-

9,000 - - — - * * , 1 0.

29. - - Ditto - — '2°3

3o. - - Ditto - - - — * - .:! w.

64th Quarter - - £t 1,449,600 18 10 * 90,500 ' 66,333 2 6 j 38,600 1 - 28,420 5 — | 5,oooo * m 3,640 * ' ;i r ' I

ie

i'U-

&E0. III.

Appendix.

785

(jr the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

! FOUR P- Ct. A N N\

Capital*

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000

17.000 17/300

17.000

17.000 *7*50° 17o°o 17500

17^00

18.000

i8,noo

18.000 18,500

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000 * 18,000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000

18.000 i 8,000

18.000

18.000

18.000 , *8.500 , *8,500 , ,85oo

18.000

798.000

Price.

9°l

9'1

9U

89 i

89 h 9°U 891 9° 1

891 89?

89 i

88 3

881

88

86 85 J

86 I «7l

87 4 881 88?

88 I

90 i 9° $ 9^1 9° J

89}

89 4 9o4

90 3 90 J 90* 90 i 901 901 90 i 901 89 j 89!

9° 89 4 88 J 88 J 88 Jv 88 g

Sums Paid.

5,470-----

5>448 *5 — 5,533 15 — 5,512 10 — 5,172 10 —

5,215-----

5,357 10 —

5.278 15 _ 5,34* 10 — 5,257 10 —

5.278 15 —

5,250-----

5,421 17 6 5,4^5 12 6 5,553 2 6

5,40a-----

5,430 -

5,547 10 —

5,772 10 —

6,118 2 6

5,885 — —

5.997 10 —

5.997 i° —

6.245 -

6,335 -

6.290 — —

6.222 10 —

6,065-----

6,177 i° —

6.222 10 —

6.267 10 —

6.267 10 —

6.290 — —

6.267 10 —

6.222 10 —

6.245 -

6.222 10 —

6.245 -

6.155 -

6.155 -

6,185-----

6,326 5 — 6,303 2 6 6,361 17 6 5,97 10 —

713,685-----

CONSOLS 3-P. Ct. REDUCED 3-P. Cx. IMPERIAL 3-P. Or. Cr. 4

- Price. CAPITAL Total

Capital. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. in all the

STOCKS. CASH Paid.

22,000 75 8 s 16,582 10 — 39,000 32,05210 —.

- - — 1 14,000 75 1 v. io,537 10 — 500 74 370 39>5°.° 33,366 5 —

- 1 - - — j 17,000 75 3 12,813 15 - — 39,000 32,14710 —

- - - — 16,000 75 i 12,040 — — 500 74 370 39,500 32,430 —

- - - - — 0,500 73 h 6,946 17 6 - 40,500 32,339 7 6

- - - — 22,500 73 h 16,537 i° — 500 724 360 12 6 40,000 32,113 2 6

- - - - — 13,000 74 i 0,636 5 - — 40,000 32,468 15 —

- - - - — 15,000 734 11,025 600 724 43* 15 — 39,600 31,872 15 —

- - - - — 23,000 738 16,933 15 - — 40,000 3f 276 5 —

- - - - — 22,500 73 i 16,509 7 6 500 pi 359 7 6 40,000 38,126 5 —

- - - - — 23,000 73 h 16,905 - 40,000 32,183 15 —

- - - - — 22,500 73 i 16,593 *5 — 500 72 360 40,000 32,203 15 —

- - - — 22,500 72 J 16,312 10 — - - ... . — 40,000 3.1,734 7 6

- - - - — 22,500 72 8 16,340 12 6 600 70 i 424 10 40,600 32,230 15 —

10,567 74 i 7,832 15 9 3,000 73 8 2,201 5 — 600 724 432 15 — 40,267 32,383 18 3

— 15,000 72 5 10,912 10 — 500 718 356 17 6 , 4°>5°o 32,116 5 —

- - - - — 13,500 7,4 9,652 10 - — 4i,5°o 32,295

- - - — 18,000 7» i 12,892 10 — 600 70 J 423 41,600 32,438

- - - - — 23,000 724 8 16,663 15 - — 41,000 32,436 5 —

- - - " — 22,500 724 16,256 5 - — 41,000 32,374 7 6

- - - - — 15,000 73 10,950 500 7i 8 358 2 6 40,500 32,294 7 6

- - - - — 22,000 73 8 16,197 10 - — 40,000 32,195

- - - - — 9?5°° 73 8 6,904 7 6 500 728 361 17 6 40,000 32,173 15 —

- - - - — 21,500 74 8 16,044 7 6 - . - - - ’ — ’ 39>5oo 32,289 7 6

- - - — 19,000 741 75 14,237 10 — 500 738 368 2 6 39,5oo 32,438 2 6

- - - — 21,000 74e 15,671 5 — 500 73 4 366 5 — 39,500 32,327 10 —

- - - - — 21,000 74 4 15,592 10 — 500 721 364 7 6 39,5oo 32,179 7 6

- — 21,600 73 i 15,876 - 39,600 31,941

- - — 21,011 74 J 15,574 8 1 500 72 i 363 15 — 39»5n 32,115 13 1

- - - — 19,580 74 g 14,562 12 6 - - - - ,39,580 - $2,252 12 6

- - — 21,000 74 8 15,671 5 — 500 73 4 365 12 6 39,5oo 32,304 7 6

- - - — 21,400 74 4 15,943 - - 3M°°- 32,210 10 —-

- - - — 15?5°° 74 3 11,586 5 — 600 73 438 39,}°°- _ 32,045 10 —

- . - - — 21,000 74 4 15,645 - - — Zp,oooo 31,912 10 —

- — 17,500 744 _ 12,971 17 _6 500 728 363 2 6 39,$oo 32,147 10 —

- - — 21,500 74 4 15,936 17 .6 - 32,181 17 6

- — 21,500 74 4 15,936 17 6 500 72 3 363 15 — 40^00 32,323 2 6

- — 18,500 74 4 13,713 2 6 - - - - T—. 39,509 32,1.55 12 6

- — 17,000 73 4 12,431 5 — 500 718 358 2 6 40,000 32,229 7 6

• - — 22,000 73 4 16,087 10 - 40,000 $2,242 10 —

- _ 21,000 73 8 15,408 15 — 600 718 429 15 — - 39,(500 32,923 10 —

_ _ - — 17,000 712 12,197 10 - — 40,500 32,067 id —

— 13,000 718 9,278 15 — 600 698 416 5 — _ 41,100 32,410 12 6

* ‘ —. 22,000 724 15,895 - - —. 4P*5°° 32,^56 17 6

- - - - — 21,934 72 j 72 _ 15,819 17 6 5^3 7®4 366 5 — 40457 32,993 12 6

10,567 - - 7.832 15 9 843,025 - - 620,516 1® 7 12,723 - - 9>»73 5 — 1,798*415 ’ T 1,449,600 18 10

3d by VJiC

Af

(H

co|

Vql rQ

786

Appendix.

Indix,

f. i6.) Wuarii

titucd.

A. 1803.

th YEAR. The Annual Account of the CWur..

> D‘ . - - - - 65th Quarter. Old ANN* 3-P. Ct. New ANN * 3-P. Ct. ——MMiuuners - ANN* 1751, 3.p Ct

1802. ' 17th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. i Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital.

Quarterly IlTiie 99 and 96 An* £• s. cl. Price. Sums Paid.

250,000 13.7-20 3 7} "1 •

Confold Dividend 2/0,764 16 8

New S° Sea Ditto - 36,720 —

£■ 3-P.-C* An* 1751, Ditto 9/^55

Loans -

■ 837,4+4 — 6 14,098 9 8

Imperial Ditto - - |

Aug’ 3. By Stock Bought 1

4* - - Ditto ... ! — - - - * —

5- - Ditto - . i " ——

6. - - Ditto - 1 * * - —

10. - - Ditto - j " " ——

11. - - Ditto - . ! 12,000 704 8,430 ——

13* - * Ditto - ' * — * ——

17- - - Ditto - —

18. - - Ditto —... 3)000 691 2,073 15 ——

- - ..

19. - - Ditto - ... " - - — j

20. - - Ditto . 3)000 69 2,070 1,000 69 69O jj

4,000 691 2,790

25* - - Ditto - _ . —

26. - * Ditto - - _ - -

27. - - Ditto T - 2,000 «7 4 1?345 - I;.

31- - - Ditto * * - —

Sept* 1. ~ - Ditto - . ■* " — - - — )• "

3- - - Ditto - - - " - - —

7- - - Ditto - , . 2,000 68 \ 1,370 8,000 67 I 5,420 ——

8. - - Ditto - ‘ - —.

9* - - Ditto - 3 >5 00 69 k 2,419 7 6 - —

10. - - Ditto - . * . ! - - — ■- * - - —

14. " " Ditto - "" ——

J5- - - Ditto - ’ - - — j ——

16. - - Ditto - . - - i - - - * —

»7- - - Ditto - 1.000 69 i 692 10 — I 1,000 69I 69 2 10 -

a8* - - Ditto - ‘ ——

- 24. - - Ditto * ’ J 2,000 68* V' 3 75 ——

; 28. - - Ditto . 1 r ——

30. - - Ditto - .. 1 - - —

oa*i. - - Ditto - 2,000 ,69 1,380 ——

5- - - Ditto - . - ' ——

6. - - Ditto - ' 4,000 69 g 2,785 1,000 69 3 606 5

7- - - Ditto - , 1,000 ^9 I 691 5 - —

‘ 8. - - Ditto - ' " - - — 3,000 68 I <2,066 5

12. - - Ditto - — - u * " ——

*3- - - Ditto - * " — - -

H- - - Ditto - - - , " - - - Ji

15. - - Ditto - ’ L _ - - - _ —

*9- - - Ditto - 3)000 67 i 2,013 15 — 1,000 c7 J 678 15 _ - ___ ':i >.j

20. - * Ditto - 4,000 67 I 2,685 — - -

21. - - Ditto - ~ - - - - -— . ___ n

22. " - Ditto " " - - ’ - — - - 'U

27. " - Ditto - - - - ~ - - - " i

29. - Ditto ... 65th QuarUr - £. - — -; — - - — -i _ -j i

1432,003 10 5I 12,500 8,593 2 6 43)000 ! 1 29,626 5 _ i 6,000 Anh > 4,145 \

r

15,43 Geo. III.

Appendix..

787

ceount of the Coe^ for Reduction of the National Debt—

ANN'

'7* )?.;•!

ital. Price.

l.oooo

I.*

J.000 l--

•:.oooo

t1?;

1 t

I. -i

11)00 ,

FOUR P.Ct. ANN'. CONSOL® 3-P. Ct. 1 REDUCED 3-P. Ct. IMPERIAL 3-P.Cx. cv 4

j , CAPITAL Total

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. j j Capital. Price. Sums Paid.'? Capital. Price. Sums Paid; in all the STOCKS. CASH Paid.

4>500 88 g 3,988 -2 6 | 39,000 72^ 28,275 — .— 43)5oo 32,263 2 6

4)500 88 if 3,988. 2 6 - - — 38,000 73 4 27,46315 — 1,100 70 \ 775 10 — 43,600 32,227 7 6

4)5°° 88 1 3,982 10 - 39,5oo 718 28,291 17 6 - 44,000 32,274 7 6

4>50o 88 1 3,982 10 - — 33.500 71 § 27,575 12 6 1,100 692 768 12 6 44,100 32,326 15 —

4»5oo 87? 3-9+8 15 — 23,000 7° 3 16,186 5 — 5,000 71 3,55° - 44,500 32,115

4)550 87 i 3.98i 5 - — 39,000 70 \ 27,495 1,100 69 759 44,650 32,235 5 —

4575 86 3.934 10 — 20,000 68 \ 19,84710 — 11,000 69 7,59° 1,100 672 745 5 — 45,675 - 32,i'7 5 —

4)500 86 i 3,886 17 6 38,000 69 i i 26,337 10 - — - 45,500 32,298 2 6

4,600 8? i 4)013 — - - - * — 39,5oo 7-1 § 27,798 2 6 1,100 69 j 760 7 6 - 45,200 32,57*

4,600 87 i 4)019 5 - — 36,500 69g 25,504 7 6 - ' 45,ioo 32,283 12 6

4,600 878 4)019 5 - — 35,500 69 3 24,805 12 6 1,100 68 j 754 17 6 45,200 32,369 15 —

4,700 86| 4)°53 15 - — 40,000 68 I 27,550 1,100 67 I 742 IO 45,800 32,346 5 —

4,700 4,012 12 6 - 39,500 68 \ 26,909 7 6 - _ _ 46,200 . 32,267

4,600 854 3,921 10 — 4,000 67 I 2,685 36,50° {673 W 24,731 17 6 1,100 66 i 734 5 — 46,200 32,072 12 6

4)775 85 3 4,094 11 3 - 41,666 68 g 28,489 2 6 - 46,441 32,583 13 9

4,700 85 | 4,000 17 6 8,500 67 1 .5,705 12 6 32,000 67 i 21,680 —t — 1,100 ..66 J 734 5 — 46,300 32,120 15 —

4,600 86 3,956 31,000 67 3 21,041 5 — - - - > - — 1,100 '678 743 17 6 46,700 32,531 2 6

• - — 47,000 68 18 32,197 10 - —- - 47,000 32,197 10 —

- - — 42,500 68 29,112 10 - — 1,200 68 i 819 47-200 32,350 17 6

- - — 47,500 68 i 3-,53J 10 - — - 47.500 32,537 10 —

- - — 46,000 68 J 31,510 - - - - ‘ — 1,200 68 J 819 . 47>*oo 32,329

- — 47 '5oo 68 }3 3^,537 10 - - — 47.500 32,537 )o —

- - —’ I 46,000 69 31,740 - 1,200 68 g 823 10 — 47,200 32,563 10 —

- - — j 44oOo 69 3 30,871 17 6 - — 46,500 32,256 17 6

- — 45,000 69A 31,443 15 - — 1,200 69 834 — 46,200 3$,277 15 — -

- — 47,000 69 32,547 10 — - - 1 - — 47,000 32,547 10 —

* — 44,000 63 I 30,300 - - - - ' — 1,200 68 J 822 47,200 32,502

* — 47,°o° 69 a 32,488 15 - — ' - 47,000 32,488 15 —

" - — 45,000 69 8 31,106 5 - — - 47,oooo 32,486 5 —

- - — 1 45,800 60] jj 31,737 10 - — 1,200 68 J 826 10 — 47,090 32,564

— — — 41,500 69.2 28,946 5 - — - 46,500 3^427 10 —

~ — 45,000 69 \ 31,203 15 ~ - 1,200 68 g 826 10 — 47,200 32,721 10 —

" — 44.000 69 3°)3 - - - - -: — 47,000 3^,426 5 —

4,6oo — 46,000 69? 31,912 10 - — 1,177 «83S8 809 9 8 47,«77 34,721 19 8

853 3,93$ 15 — - - — 41,500 68 28,220 - - — 46,100 32,158 15 —

4)7oo g5| 4)Oi2 12 6 - - - — 41,600 67 2 28,236 * - — 46,300 32,248 12 6

4)?oo g5 3 4,012 12 6 j - 41,700 67 28,303 17 6 - - — 46,400 32,316 10 —

4)7°,o 4.800 4.800 4.800 4>7°o 4>8oo 4.800 84 } 83 i 83 3 83 i 833 83 i 3,971 10 — j 4.026 1 4.026 *—! 4,020 ! 3.918 12 6 4,020 13.000 13.000 17,800 •26,000 67 i 671 67 i 678 8,758 15 — 8,807 10 — 12,081 15 — ‘17,517 10 — 38.000 25.000 29.000 25.000 17.000 42,500 67 i 66 J 66 | 67 66 J 67 2 25,555 16,625 19,393 15 — 16,750 11,305 28,793 15 — - — 46,700 46,800 46,890 47,600 47700 47,300 32,219 32,094 15 — 32,227 5 — 32,851 15 — 32,741 2 6 32,813 15 —

83 3 4,002 3.526 67I 2,388 17 3 49,438 66 J 22 OOOO 17 2 r r»j 39,390 14 6

J5>4oo 57)/°4

App

(N<

’ f‘Fj

con>*

788

Appendix.

IX,

5'.).

irii,

■d.

D\ -

66th Quarter.

1802.

17th year.

Quarterly Issue -Additional Issue 99 and 96 An*

Reduced An* Divid1* -Four-per-C*. An* Ditto Old S# Sea Ditto Ann* 1777, Payment -Loans -Imperial, Ditto -

Nov. 2. By Stock Bought

3- - Ditto - -

to. - Ditto - -

11. - Ditto *

12. - Ditto.

16. - Ditto - -

*7- - Ditto - .

18. - Ditto - .

19. - Ditto - •

*3- - Ditto - _

?4- - Ditto.

*5- - Ditto.

26. - Ditto 1- •

Dec. 1. - Ditto

2. - Ditto •

3- - Ditto -

7 - * ' Ditto -

8. * Ditto - *

9- - Ditto -

10. Ditto - •

.H* - Ditto . m

*5* - Ditto - . m

16. - Ditto . m

*7- - Ditto - .

22. - Ditto -

*3* - Ditto - -

24. - Ditto - •

- Ditto - -

jo. - Ditto - •

31- - Ditto - -

1803;

Jan. 4. - - Ditto - .

5. - - Ditto -

' 7.; - Ditto - *

it. - Ditto - .

12. - - Ditto - -

l3* - Ditto - «.

H- Ditto - -

19. - - Ditto - -

20. - - Ditto - -

21. - Ditto.

26. - * Ditto -

27. - - Ditto - -

28. - - Ditto -

66th Quarter - _ -

65th Ditto -64th Ditto -- 63d Ditto -

Total. 17th Year

Old ANN* 3-P. Ct.

Total

CASH Received. Capital. t Price. Sums Paid.

£. s. d.

250,000

200,000

13,720 3 7

226,613 8 10

51,400

45,705

12,500

846,795 8 3

9A73 5 —

7,000 66 I 4,672 10 —

~ ——

1 ——

# ( 7,000 67 I 4,707 10 —

3 >000 71 g ^141 5 —

6,000 71 i 4^75

— 2,000 71 1,420

~ 4,000 7i i 2,850

— -

— ‘ ——

— 2,000 718 1,432 10 —

" — - —

— 3,oooo 70 i 2,122 10 —

— 2,000 71 i 1,427 10 —

1,655,907 5 8 36,000 - - 35,04815

1,432,00a 10 5J 12,500 - - 8,593 3 6

1,449,600 18 io| 90,500 - 66,333 3 6

1,385,468 4 nj 61,000 - - 43,943 15 —

5,922,979 4 200,000 - - 1.43,918 15 —

A. 1803.

1?th Y E A R‘-----The Account of the Commissione«

.IT. I

Capital.

2.000

5.000

2,000

12,000

Price.

e? j

67 8

67 I

67

10,000

31.000

43.000 38,600

68.000

180,600

7o I

• 3-P- Ct. ANN* 1751, 3-p.

Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Pai

i?350 ——

3,368 15 - — 1

1,345 ——

8,040 3,oooo 67 2,010 —

— 1,000 67 g 676 5

— - - - *7*

— _ _ —

7,087 10 - —

— 10,000 698 6*975 -

— 7 ——

— - - - - —*

31,191 5 — 14,000 - - 9,661 5

29,626 5 — 6,000 - - 4, H5*-

28,4.20 5 _ 5,oooo - - 3,64°"

48,019 7 6 7,000 - - 4,745J*_

137,257 2 (5 32,000 •: 22,19! *7

'•I

51- 3-P.fe

5a li

43 Geo III.

for the Reduction of the National Debt—

1 four p. Ct. ANN*. ! CONSOL" 3-P.Ct. !

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

> - >

■n - —

- - - 1 —

- " - —

- " — , ——

- - — . - - —

- - — 21,874 67 i 14,710 5 2

- - — ■- - —

- " — 1 I 15,000 67 J 10,162 10 —

- - — | ——

- * * - —

- - — 1 - - —-

" - — I-- - - - ' —

- - ' r"* - - —

- - , ——

■ m ——

- — _ ___

- - 1 - -

— -

' - —

— - - * - - —

—; ——

■25.400 ' 193.000 , 3®2,00o. ' 435,400 — 36,874 - - 34,87215 2

107,73a i 3 078,13d - - 673.915 18 3

713.685 10,567 - - 7,832 15 9

H5.873 15 — 639,433 - - 442,127 — 9

1.867,390 16 3 j 1,665,000 - - 1,148,748 3 11

Vol. k 58. 1 1

Appendix.

78!

REDUCED 3-P. Ct. IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct. 1 C\

/ Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. 1 Sums Paid. CAPITAL in all Uie STOCKS. Total CASH Paid.

j 57.500 67 38,525 — [ 1 57>50o 1 - [ >*o O' »n CO CO

i 57.000 6/ 8 38,261 5 — 600 65 J 395 5 — 1 57,600 38,656 10 -

1 57,°oo 66 i I 38,08815 — j 600 66 396 ! 57,600 38,484 15 -i

56.000 66j 37.450 —, 1 - - - - —' 58,000 38,800

! 51.000 ee n 34,737 10 —! \ 600 ! <35 I 393 15 — 57,600 38,500 1

! 57.00° 67 J 38,261 5 — [ - - — 57,000 38,261 5 -

5 7,000 67 38,190 j 600 05 i 394 10 — 57,600 38,584 10:

57,600 67 38,592 1 - - — 57,6oo 38,592

i! 57,000 67 66 6 38,143 15 — 600 393 15 — 57,600 38.537 1° -

li 57,°°° 67 66 6 38,152 10 - — 57,000 38,152 10 -

|J 57>00° 66 j 38,047 10 — 600 Col 393 15 — 57,600 38,441 5 -

55,500 66 g 36.076 17 6; - 57,5oo 38,321 17

57,000 66 I 38,047 10 — 600 65 3 393 15 — 57,600 38,441 5 -

34^.500 66.1 22,856 5 — 600 Co 39o 56,074 37,956 10 1

43,000 66 I 28,541 5 —' - 58,000 33,591 5 ~ I

j 34:500 66 § 23,071 17 6 600 65 § 393 15 — 57:1CO 38,300 12

1 57,000 67 38,190 - 57*000 38,100

j 57>oo° 67 38,190 600 Col 395 5 — 57,600 32,585 5 —

| 56,000 67 37,520 - - - - 57,000 38,196 5 -

50,000 67 i 33,687 10 — 600 66 I 397 10 — 57,600 38,702 10

55»000 69 3 38,362 10 — - - — 55,oooo 38,362 10 -

54,000 S7°-i 7i 17*13 138,321 5* 600 7°i 421 10 — 54,600 38,742 15 -

54,000 72 g 39,082 10 -- . - * — 54,000 39,082 10 -:

50,000 711 35,750 600 71 42*2 5 — 53,600 38,313 10

47,000 713 33,546 5 — 600 701 4*o 15 — 53,6oo 38,242

54,000 70 £ 38,137 10 - — 54,000 38,137 10 -

51,600 711 36,700 10 — 600 69 i 417 15 — 54,200 38,538 5

53:000 71 § 37,961 5 — 600 7° A 423 53’6oo ,38,384 5

54,000 71 as 38,686 5 — J - - — 54,000 38,686 5 - ’

49,500 718 35,330 12 6 j 600 7oi 421 10 — 54,ioo 38,602 2 1 t

53:500 710 38,453 2 6! - - — 53,500 38,453 2

53,000 7» 3 J 38,028 15 — 600 7° a 4-3 15 — 53,600 38,452 10

53»00° 72 38,160 600 7^3 4*3 15 — 53,6oo 38,583 15

54,000 718 38,677 10 - — 54,000 38,677 10 -

41,000 711 29,417 10 — 600 70 § 42*2 5 — 53,6oo 38,359 15

54,000 713 38,745 -» - 54,000 38,745

54,000 711 38,475 400 691 *79 54,400 38,754

51 >000 70 J 36,146 5 — 400 69 278 10 — 54, P30 38,547 5 -

45,000 31,781 5 — — 1* -; — 55,oooo 38,756 5 -

54,000 7i i 38,475 300 7° 1 21a 7 6 54.300 38,685 7

5*2,000 7* i 37,180 — SS8 O O 271 12 6 54,388 38,879 2

54:°°o 7ii 38,475 - - - - ‘ — 54,oooo 38,475

53>99* 7181 38,536 5 6 - - * — 53,992 38,536 5 1,

2,261,192 " - 1,565,960 — 6 13,488 - - 9,173 5 — a,392,554 1,655,907 5

861,904 - - 593,891 19 9 20,577 - * 14,098 9 8 2,047,507 1,432,002 10;

843,025 - - 620,516 10 7 12,723 - * 9,173 5 — 1,798,415 11449,600 18 li

’ 534,898 - - 387,161 14 6 19,622 - 13,596 19 9 1,831,953 ’,385,468 5 -

4)501,019 - 3,167,530 5 4 , 66,410 Dig tized t 46/541" ^7P489 ^,922,978 19 1

790

Appendix

A. 1803.

appendix, [No. i 6.)

* Februarii, amtinutd.

17th YEA R.-----The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reclusion of the National Debt, &c.—continued.

SALARIES: Secretary - * -Agent ----- Broker - -- -Clerk ----- Mifi'enger £• s. d. 500 3OO 55° 150 50

Total - - i.S.i 0

EXPIRED ANNUITIES ON TERMS: 99 and 96 Ann* - Short Ann* ----- 54,8So 14 5 25,000

Total - - 70,880 14 5

UNCLAIMED AND EXPIRED ANN*: Expired Ann* ----- 20,244 3 7

- Total - - 48,121 15 7

ACCRUING INTEREST - - Total - - £■ 2,088,808 — 2

Henry Addington* W. Grant.

H. Smith, joseph Nutt.

B. IVin l hr of.

Appendix,

(x\u. 17.)

4* Februa

The REPORT of Aaron Graiiam, Esq. Inspector of Convicts in the River Thames and at Portsmouth.

IN compliance with the directions of the Statute 42 Geo. III. cap. 28. requiring a Report to be made to both Houses of Parliament at the beginning of every Session, I have the honour to report to this Honourable House respecting the Convicts under my inspection, as follows:

That the said A cl was passed on the 22d of March; and His Majesty was graciously pleased to appoint me Inspector under it.

That, by direction of the Right honourable Lord Pelham, I went immediately to Portsmouth, and luperintended the fitting of the Captivity, an old sixty-fmir-gun ship, and the Portland, an old fifty-gun ship, as llulks, for the reception of Convids; and moored the former (where she now is) in Portsmouth Harbour, for the purpose of employing her Convicts in the Dock-yard; and removed the latter to Langston Harbour, that hcr's might be (as they now are) employed at Cumberland Port.

That a chaugc with regard to the Establishment of those Hulks took place on the lit of April, when Government, having provided the Ships before-mentioned, appointed Officers and Guards therein, leaving to the Contractor to supply, under my inspetiion, the Provisions, Cloathing, and Necessaries only, agreeably to a Contract entered into by him with the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury. When the Ships were ready, the Convicts were shifted from the old Hulks (then nearly in a sinking (bite) into them; and I made a Report thereof, and of all other my proceedings, to his Lordship.

At the end of the Midsummer quarter I went again to Portsmouth, and, having settled and paid the Accounts of that quarter, I made another very full Report to Lord Pelham.

In October I repeated my visit to those Hulks, and again made up, and paid, the Accounts of them to the end of September, which finished the second quarter on the new Establishment.

And I should, at the dole of the year, have made my next visit of enquiry, as directed by the Act of Parliament, but was prevented by indisposition, which, for several months palt, has (with the exception of some fiiort intervals) confined me to my room. I am, however, in a convalescent llate, and hope soon to be diffidently recovered to attend again to this very material part of iny duly. In the mean time, having settled and paid the Accounts of the lad quarter, 1 am enabled, in addition to what I have already-dated, to report, in conformity with the Act, to this Honourable l louse, as follows:

ill. That the said llulks are well and comfortably fitted. In addition to the common convenioncies of a Ship, they have each a capacious Hospital for sick Convicts, and a Chapel, wherein Divine Service is performed every Sunday with the fame regularity and decency as in any place of public worship on (bore. It contains conveniently the 7

whole number of Convicts; and has besides a Gallery for the Officers, Ship's Company, and Strangers.

'idly. That the behaviour of the Captain and Officers of the Captivity has, in every respect, met with iny approbation. Their treatment and care of the Convicts have been humane and attentive; and the Provisions and Cloathing are carefully and properly inspected by them, before they are approved as fit for the use of the Convicts.

But with respect to the Portland, 1 am lorry to observe it has been represented to me, that there lull cxifit irregularities on board her, which ought not to be in fie led; and if upon enquiry, when I go down,

I find it necessary, I shall report ihe Captain to Lord Pelham as unlit to be continued in the command of her, and will recommend a person better qualified for the situation to be his luccelTor.

At present I have the afhlhmce of the Surgeon of the Hulk, a very excellent man, who is well disposed to fee are the Convicts from ill treatment, by seeing them properly cloalhed, and other wise taken cara of with regard to their general health, in which he has been very iuc-cefslul; lb indeed has the Surgeon of the Captivity, who is also an able man, and particularly attentive to his duty. Their la.ll Reports date, that there are hut few sick Convicts in the Hospital of either Ship. This, cnnlidering the dreadful sickness which prevailed in the old llulks at Langston, immediately preceding the commencement of the new plan, and was no doubt, in a great degree, carried with the Convids into the Portland, is a gratifying circumltnnce, and reflects great credit on Mr. Moss, the Surgeon of that Hulk.

3dly. That the Convicts have been quiet and orderly; and I have the satisfaction to observe, that reasonable hopes may be entertained of an improvement in their moral conduct. Mr. Donne, the Chaplain, wdio is a devout man, most eminently qualified for his situation, dates in his Report, that they have during the last quarter conducted thern-selves, when attending Divine Service, with great decorum, and many of them with (trong marks of devotion; adding, in his Letter to me, that he is really happy to inform me he had an application iome time finer, addressed in very appropriate terms, and conveying lcntnnent* full of piety, and signed by fix Convicts on hoard the Portland, mid another from some very good men on board the Captivity, requeuing Inm to administer the Sacrament to them, which he meant to coinjoy with; and will repeat that part of lus duty on hoard both Hulks at proper intervals.

4thly. That the expence of the Portsmouth Pdlabl.foment, from if® lft of April (when the new plan commenced) to the 3ill ot December (including £.450 in lieu of interest for the nine months, at 7 * ppr" cent, per annum, upon £.8,000, which the two old Ships pc:h q>s might have been fold for, and JT. 2*21. 5*. three quarters of mV

Salary

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

791

Salary of £. 205 per annum, which will be regularly charged in future quarterly Accounts, together with . sundry incidental Expences, amounting to upwards of £.600, which will not be incurred every quarter) was £.18,546. 18. 9L or £.0. 1. 6 §,1. per day for each ConvicL,

And the Earnings of the Convicts at that place, for the fame period, according to an Estimate of the value of the daily labour of Artificers and Labourers, as settled at the Dock-yard and the Warren at Woolwich, and delivered to his Grace the IP.ike of Portland in July 1798, amounted to £. 6,679. 3. 3. which reduces the expence of providing for each Convict to £.0. o. 11 £,17. per day.

With regard to the Hulks on the River Thames, I beg leave to report as follows:

That they are in a very healthy state.

That Mr. Erskine the Overseer, and his Deputies, appear to conduct themselves with great humanity towards the Convicts, who, on their part are quiet and orderly.

That the Convicts are employed on ffiorc in the Dock-yard and the Warren at Woolwich every working day.

And, to afford them a better opportunity than hitherto they have had of attending Divine Service on the Sabbath, a large ship is fitting in the River with a commodious Chapel, upon the plan of those oh board the Captivity and Portland Hulks at Portsmouth.

That the expence of maintaining these Convids, from the lft of

April to the 31st of December, amounted to £. 10,586. 16. of. or £. o. 1. 4^,75. per day for each Convitf.

And their earnings for the fame period, according to the before-mentioned Estimate, to £*4,617. 15. 7.; which reduces the expence of providing for each Convict to £-0. o. 9 £,63. per day.

From which it would appear, that the expence of maintaining each Convict at Portlinouth (without deducting the earnings) exceeds the expence at Woolwich by £.0. o. 1 £,35. per day. This arises from the three items of—Interest, my Salary, and the incidental Expences alluded to-being charged in the Portlinouth Account, and with which the Woolwich Account is not burthened; but if these be deduced from the Portsmouth Account, the charge will be the fame at both places.

The value of labour too in the Woolwich Account exceeds in proportion the value of the labour done at Portsmouth. This is owing to the great fiekness on board the Ceres and Fortunee, which, for more than two months, retarded the (hitting of the Convids from those Hulks into the Portland, and for some time after they were shifted, prevented many of them from being sent on (bore to work.

/ All which is most humbly submitted to this

Honourable House, by

A. Graham,

Inspector.

Appendi (No. 17.

40 Februar

continued.

*9

S.

■1

i’*

J

;3

t

A [

i j

i>'

j:

i't

A

I*

fr

A

J

A

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS of Ireland, under the Direction of the Incorporated Society, &c.; for One Year, to end the 5th of January 1804.

Diet of 1,070 Children, at 4 d. per day -Clothing 1,600 Children, on an average of 45.?. each D° 370 Children in three Nurseries, at 26 s. each -Repairs of 38 Houses ——

Firing for D°, at £.24 each -Soap and Candles for D°, at £.15 each -Books and Stationary -

Furniture and Bedding -

Officers Salaries -

Catechists Salaries and Gratuities, at £.20 per ann. (38 in number) -

Matters and Mittrefles Salaries (76) -

Diet of D°, at 6d. per day -Premiums for D° - - - , -

W ages and Diet of 73 Servants -Salaries for 38 Uffiers, at £. 15 per ann. -Premiums for D°, at £. 5 per ann. -Diet for I.)0, at 6 d. per day -

Annuities to twofuperannuated Mistrelles and one blind

Child ......

Bounties to Apprentices for faithful Sendee, &c. Apprentice Fees -

Medicines and Medical attendance -

Carriage of Children -

Rent, 'faxes, and Repairs of Society’s House -Carriage of Goods -

loiw Expences -

Incidents -

The Society propose (if enabled by the liberality of} Parliament) to rebuild a School in the room off Cattle Carberry School, burned by the Rebels in f the late Rebellion; the Expence is eltiniated at - j

3d November 1802.

Lift) Money.

£■ d-

11.984 3 4 Rent of the Society's Estates, for One Year -

3,600 48l D° of School Lands payable by the Matters - r

3,000 — — Labour of the Children -

912 570 Subscriptions -

250 Interest on Baron Vryhouven's Bequest of 7

850 £.56,666. 13. 4. - - - - )

381 10 — Dividend on £.40*000, Four-per Cents -

760 Interest on Four Dunleer and Six Kinnegad Deben-

548 — tures of £. 50. each -

693 10 — 304 — D° on Government Debentures, 5-per-Cents.

920 2 1 570 —* — D9 on Ann Keon's Legacy of £.1,000 -

190 —

346 15 — Wanted to complete Estimate -

3511 — 198 17 6 280 If the proposed School is agreed to, there will be a

further sum required of - - ,•* -

300

95 11 — 75 13 — 30 c

50 500

27,9*26 12 11

!>5°0

29,426 12 11 /•

Irish Money.

/. ♦.

2,637 11 8

451 4 1

1,000 — —. 400-----

1,794 16 8 1,698 13 <4

26 10 —

305-----

50-----

8,363 16 9

19,562 16 a 1,500-----

29,426 19 1|

Qiar' Dublin, v. P.

Aw ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the Commissioners of CHARITABLE DONATIONS and BEQUESTS in Ireland; for One Year, from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

To defray the Charge of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners

Irish Money.

crTd.

400 — —

Append!; (No. iS.

4* Februar

James Crofton.

792

Appendix.

A. 1803.

appendix,

No. 18.) ESTIMATE of Expences proposed to be incurred by the Association for Discountenancing VIC E, and Promoting the Knowledge

‘ Februarit,

continued.

of the CHRISTIAN RELIGION, in Ireland; from the 5 th of January 1803 to the 5 th of January 1804.

ESTIMATE of EXPENCES.

Salaries -

Charge incurred by Distribution of Bibles, at reduced prices -

D° - of Testaments and Prayer-books -D° - of Tracts religious and Moral -D° - for printing like Tracts (to be distributed gratis) D° - for extending Catechetical Examinations throughout Ireland -D° - for Contingent Expences -

Irish Money. li ilh Moivy,

£. s. d. ESTIMATE of FUNDS. "

65 By Members annual Subscriptions, on an average of f. S. £?.

300 the lall three Years - 1 1 O

200 100 By Sale of Tracts 20

130 By Sum wanted to answer Expences - 675

100

50

945 £■ 945

Signed by Order,

H. Gnmness,

iv.;

Gnmness,

> Sec1.

r. Maturing ).

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of The FEMALE ORPHAN HOUSE, Dublin; for One Year, from the 5th of J anflary 2 So $ to the 5th of January 1804; for the Support of One Hundred and Five Children.

Diet ......

Clothing -

Furniture and Repairs -

Wages and Allowances -

Coals ......

Soap and Candles -

Books, Printing, and Stationary -

Rent -

Incidental Expences for Sick, &c. &c«

Irish Money.

£• d.

900-----

262 13 4J

70-----

116-----

59 10 — 54 —

2-----

30-----

57 8

Total Expence for One Year

1,569 * 2 h

An ESTIMATE of the FUNDS applicable to the Discharge of the above Expence; for the same Period.

Annual Subscriptions -Produce of Needle-work Interest on Government Debentures Collection at an Annual Sermon -

Total Estimate of Funds Balance between Funds and Expence

£. s. </.

300 15 —

170-----

50 —■ — 500-----

1,086 15 — 48-2 7 2 V

1,569 2 2$

Female Orphan House,) Not^mber 6th 1802. 3

Richard Matins,

ltogifter and Accomptanu

An ESTIMATE of the Expences of fitting up and supporting a PENITENTIARY in Dublin, for Employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and Young Criminals, convicted in d summary way before Justices of the Peace; for One Year, from tha 5th of January 1*03 to the 5th of January 1804.

For building and fitting-up -

For Maintenance of 50 Persons, at £. 5 per head per annum

For Cloathing - - D® -

For Rent and Taxes - -

For Salaries to a Clerical V id for, a Register, and a Keeper For Servants Wages ......

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to thi Difoorfements of the InfUtution:

The probable Produce of the Labour . - - ......

, . Net. - - £.

Irish Morney.

£• s- d-1,500-----

250-----

150-----

15o —

200 -

50-----

2,300 -

IOO-----

2,200 -

By Order of the Board,

The? Byrne, Seer.

43 Geo. 1*11;

Appendix.

793

ESTIMATE of the Expence of The FOUNDLING HOSPITAL in Dublin; for One Year, from the 5?h January 1803

to the 5th January 1804.

For Provisions - >

Clouthing ——

Repairs of Buildings, he. (many of them requiring to be new roofed) Mifccllaneous Expences; Viz.

Coals

Candles -

Soap

Lamp Oil ——

Stationary, School-books, Printing, &c. -

Medicines ——

Collectors of House Tax-

Furniture and Repairs thereof -

Ironmongery

Tin Ware - - - -

Sundry incidental Expences -

£■ 3V>-----

80-----

J 20-----

50-----

200-----

7.5

35t>-----

2QO-----

1 ‘20 —1--

50-----

700 -

Permanent Salaries and Wages to Officers and Servants -

Salaries and W ages to Matters and Mistretles in Schools and Factories, and to Nurses and Attendants in the House -

Wages for Nurling 3,143 Children in the Country ——

Total Estimate of Expence

Deduct Funds; Viz.

House Tax -

Rent of Estate -

Sundry Incidental Receipts -

Pells and Poundage

- £■ 7-300-----

110 12 ---

89 8 —

Irish Money.

d.

7,000-----

3,500-----

1,200 -

2,385-----

M9°-----

1,000-----

8,200-----*

24>4/ 5

7,5oo —

16.975 —

5 2 5 —

Foundl

mdling Hospital Dublin, 7 11 tli November 1802. 3

Appendi>

(No. 18/

4* Februari

continual.

E. Ferns, Chairman.

J* Hendricky Auditor.

An ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge of The HIBERNIAN MARINE SOCIETY in Dublin; for One Year, ending

the 5th of January 1804.

Diet for 140 Boys -

Cloathing -

Furniture and Repairs -

Snap and Candles -

Coals -

Rent ——

Bonks, Stationary, and Printing Outfit of Boys apprenticed Apothecary -Incidental Charges -

Salaries, Wages, and Allowances -

Irish Money. £■ s. d. M°3 3 3

405 l6

- 388 6 3

- 7 * 7

93 8 —

90

- 55 7 —

- 41 13 —

19 16 10

- 48 16 —

- 204 9 10

£. 2.613 4 9

Dividend on £. 4,300. Bank Stock interest on/\ 800. Government D° -D° - on William Burton and John Hyde, Esq/s Bond to the late Mr. Waddell, for /*. 1,200 Rent of Lands in the County of Carlow, deviled to the Society by Mr. Waddell -Probable Amount of Subscriptions -

Wanted to meet the Charge

Irish Money.

£. s. d. 322 10 — 40-----

72-----

L5-----

120-----

569 10 — 2,043 14 9

2,613 4 9

Jll° Carleton, Vice Prdident.

ESTIMATE of iiipposed Expences of 'Hie HIBERNIAN SCHOOL for Soldiers Children; for One Year, commencing

5th January 1803 and ending 5th January 1804.

Provisions -Cloathing -

Furniture and Repairs -Coals, Soan. and Candles Salaries and Wages Stationary and Books -Kitchen Garden -Apprentice Fees -Infirmary Expences Incidental Expences New Buildings, he.

Deduct Amount of the Revenue of the Institution arising from Donations and Legacies

By Order,

Irish Money.

Z d.

2,300-----

500 -

250-----

250-----

600-----

60-----

70-----

100-----

40-----

30-----

500-----

4,700-----

200 -

4,500 —

Vo 1. 58.

9 Q

John Cooke Rogers, Sec*.

794

Appendix.

A. 1803i

ppcndir, No. 18.) Februarii

:o nti mud.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of supporting The WESTMORLAND LOCK HOSPITAL in Dublin; for One Year, from

5th January 1803 to 5th January 1804.

1 Irish Money.

Surgeons Salaries -

Officers 1)° - * - v- 1 - - - w

Servants and Nurles Wages

Proviliuiis for 250 Patients ——

Medicine

Coals ——

Chandler , -

Oil ......

Redding ——

Straw -

Laundress, per Agreement -

Furniture ——

Repairs -

Stationary -

Rent -

Tares ......

Sundry Contingent Dilhtirfements, per Order of the Attending Surgeons Trulies ——

£■ s.

5 >5 — •220 — ‘200 —

b55- — 40O " ‘2 hi — 170 -20 —

278 -48 -

H7

•263 -■

30

20

12

0*27

350

6 8

3 —

Treasury Deductions -Auditor Generals Fee on Imprest Roll ----- - Quarterly Warrants

L

£.191 16 8

256 182

6,109 9 3

195 10 4

<b395

Gust' Hume. Geo. Stewart.

John Halaper.

G. Renuy.

J. He: thorn.

Francis RFEvoy.

RETURN of the Number of Patients Admitted, Discharged Cured, Died, &c. &c. between the iff day of November 1801 and the iff of November 1802.

Admitted. Discharged, Cured.

1,819 1,7-28

Died.

Irrecular.

49

44

Externs.

5/bj6

Remained under Cure, iff November 1802.

25°

ESTIMATE of the Expence for the Maintenance of The FEVER HOSPITAL in Coik-street, Dublin; from the

5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804.

Grant for One Year, towards the Maintenance of said Establishment Poundage, Hospital and Pells -

Irish Money.

D *• <L

500-----

15 9 3 i

£- I 515 9 3 i

Geo. Alaquay.

In° Leland Ala quay* In. David La Louche. William Disney.

G. Renny.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the HOUSE OF INDUSTRY, Dublin; from the 5th January 1803 to the

5th January 1804.

PERMANENT EXPENCES.

For the Maintenance of 1.100 Adults, at the rate of £.\. 105. per Head, per Annum - For the Maintenance and Cloathing 400 Children, at£.*]. 5.9. per Head, per Annum For Officers Salaries, employed in the alxive two Departments -

For the Support of 271 Perl'ons in the Infirmaries, including Wine, Porter, and Medicine, at the rate of £.9. per Head per Annum -

For Salaries to three Physicians, and three Surgeons, for daily Attendance - For Salaries to the other Officers in the above Department -1 nr Navies and Menial Servants in - - - - D°

lor Coal for supplying 112 Fire-places in the House and Infirmaries; also Boilers, Bake-h'*u!e, Rrew-liouie, Laundry, and Workshops - -

For Candles, Oil, and Soap ......

Borne forward -

Irish Money.

£. " d.

4,950-----

2,900-----

486 12 1

-439-----

697 10 —

80-----

57 1* —

600 — — 250-----

12,460 14 1

s. d.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

795

Estimate of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry, Dublin—continued.

Brought forward -

For Bed Tick?, Blankets, Coverlids, and Straw, at 10$. per Head, per Annum For Kent and Taxes ——

For Advertizing and Stationary, including School-books, Paper, Pens, See. Sec. See. for the Education oi the Children - -

For Wages and ('loathing for 13 Beadles, and other Expenses attending the taking up sturdv Beggars and V agrants ——

For purchasing Machinery, Implements of Labour, Kitchen and other House Utensils For keeping in repair the Prennfes - -

For Salaries to the Governors -

For D° - - to one of the l’even Acting Governors, who religned -

CONTINGENT EXPENCES.

/For purchasirg Ground contiguous to the House, which is essential to the Health, Employment, and Subsistence of the Poor, and of young Criminals removed from the Penitentiary, Brown-frrcet -

Towards building Dormitories, and Workshops for young Criminals reformed in the Penitentiary, and removed to the House of Industry -

Towards building a I ever Hospital, and enlarging the Asylums for Industrious Children

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to the Disbursements of the Inhibition.

Interdl of £. 1,612. io,y. being a Legacy of the late Lord Vrylioven, veiled agreeable to his Directions in 4 per Cent. Conlols -

Profits 011 the Labour of the Children in the Alylums -

Irish Money.

£TTd.

12,460 14 1

885 10 — 280 — —

150-----

300-----

480-----

3oo-----

1,000 — — 100 — —

1.000 —

500 —

2.000 —

7° 19

620 —

Net -

By Order of the Board.

£■ *• d.

14,856 4 1

1,100-----

3,500-----

- £-

s. d.

Appendix (No, iS.)

40 February

continued•

19,456 4 i

6pO ip —

5 1

Tfio* Byrne, Sec^.

E S TI M A T E of the Charge of the Establishment of The ROMAN CATHOLIC SEMINARY at Maynootii;

for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1804.

Salary

Of President

Of Vice President -

Senior Profelfor of Divinity -Junior - D° - - D® -Professor of Sacred Scripture -

D° - of Experimental Philosophy D° - of Logick and Moral D° -D° - of Mathematicks -D° - of Rhetorick -Two Profetlors of Greek and Latin, at/\6o per Proleiior of English 1 '.locution -

Three Junior or Afliilant Lecturers, at £.40 per

Dean ......

Sacriftar. -

Secretary, Librarian, and Treasurer

Subfiilence -Salary - - -Subfifience -

Wages - - -Subsistence -

Of Eighteen Masters, at £.40 per

Of Agent ......

Of Two hundred Scholars on the Foundation, at £.25 per

Of Steward and Cook, at£. 20 per -

Of Ton Servants, at^. ioper - -

Of Twelve Servants, at £.20 per - -

Rent -

Repairs, Contingencies, &c. Poundage and Pells

Total Charge

By Order of the Trusteei,

Irish Money.

/. s. , J. U3 15 — 91-----

91-----

80 — —

So-----

60 — —

60-----

60 — —

60-----

120-----

Co — —.

120-----

60-----

40-----

79 12 6

720-----

300 -

5,000 — —

40-----

loo-----

-240 ——

74-----

110 1a 6 240-----

8,000 :-----

And Dunn, Secretary,

796

Appendix

A. 1803

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

* Februariiy

continued.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient STREETS in the City of Dublin; for the Service of One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1803 to the 5th Day of January 1804.

C II A R G E.

Funded * - - Debenture Debt - - (Coal Duty) -

- - Du - - - - (Club and House Tax)

On which the Annual Charge of Intcreh is

Unfunded - - Certificate Debt

On which the Annual Charge of Interest is

Miscellaneous - Annual Expence of the Establishment I)° Rent to the College D° - D° - Billiop of Raphoe

INCOME.

Making the Total Annual Charge

Coal Duty - - (Average)

Club Tax - -

House Tax -

Rents -

Making the Total Annual Income By which it appears that there is an Annual Deficit of

Irish Money.

£■ *. d.

00,000 -

39,000-----

138,000 — —

90,000 —

- £.

8,000 — — 6‘o-----

1.598 —

£. d.

6,662 —

5,400-----

2,000 -

1,200-----

520-----

15,782 —

10,918 — —

4, Sf>4-----

Office Wide Streets, Dublin,") 25th Novemucr 1802. j

By Order.

Tho1 Sherrard, SecL

An ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the STREETS of Dublin; for the Service of One Year, from the 5th January 1803 to the 5th January 1804.

Irish Mm ;ry. i Irish 5 ioney.

To Amount of Paving and Flagging £• 6,578 s. '7 d: 9 By Amount of Paving Tax - - £~ 10.959 T d. 3 11

To Amount of Cleansing -To Amount of Lighting - - - 4.056 8,158 9 L5 4 6 By Amount of Lighting Tax - - 8,005 2 3

To Amount of Sewers - - - 100 — — By Composition from the City for Cleansing - - 2,000 —■

To Amount of Fountains -To Aiumur of Corporation House -rl 0 Amount of Incidents - - - 290 506 1,280 2 13 4 8 By Cnmpo.'ilion from the City for Paving Lighting ----- r? O and 3-° —

To Amount of Etlabhlhments - - 3^17 2 3 By Sale of Scavenging Soil, ehimated at - 200 —

To Amount of Gratuities -To Amount of Interest on Debentures - - 1,240 2,99.5 z — By usual Parliamentary Grant; Net - 9^00 —

.Remaining to h<* applied towards Payment Unfunded Debt due by the Corporation of the 1,961 6 4

£■ 3,>»4 6 of £■ 31,184 6 2

Taving House, 7 Samuel Greene,

24th November 1802. j Inipeclor of Accounts.

ESTIMATE of the DUBLIN SOCIETY; for the Year 1S03.

ANNUAL PERMANENT EXPENCES and ESTIMATE of Work to be done to complete the Buildings; laid before / the Imperial Parliament, 30th November 1801.

ANNUAL PERMANENT EXPENCES.

Salaries, Wages, Rents, Ac. -

Premiums alre ady offered, and for which the Society hand engaged -

Contingencies, such ks Stationary, Poltage, Books, and periodical Publications; Coals, Candles, Plants, Repairs, Extra Workmen, Manure, &c, over and above what the Society can apply thereto out of their Swbfrriptii.'iis -

Rent for the Ground, under the recited Act of Parliament, or agreed to by the ConmiilTfoners of Wide Streets ——

E S TI M A T E of Temporary Engagements of the Society of said Year 1802.

S< vcr;d Perfbris whom the Society hand engaged to for hatistical Surveys of Counties—27 Counties— at f, p,.r

Probable Expence of Printing the fame for Dillribution—27^—at £-6o per - -

iYo/c.—Five Counties of the thirty-two arc finished and paid for.

Carried forward -

Irish Money.

r. s. d.

3*4^9 9 —

2,188-----

600 — — 842 S 8

2,160-----

1,6*20-----

£. s. d.

7>°59 >7 8

3,780 — —-

10,839 17 8

JL-

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

797

Ultimate of the Dublin Society—continued.

Brought forward

ESTIMATE for Arrears due, and Sums necessary to complete the Business. Debts due to Tradesmen

To tinhh Business begun -

Estimate for rebuilding Drawing Schools -

Ditto for Veterinary Buildings ——

Ditto for Gallery over Ditto, for Models -

Ditto for building a Wall round the Botanic Garden -

And if the aforesaid Rent of £.G\2. 8. 8. as dated before, shall be purchased for

Total Sum for Buildings and Purchaso will be

Of which Sum your Petitioners have received from the late Parliament of Ireland the Sum of And from the Imperial Parliament, in the lall two Sessions, the Sum of -

Making together the Sum of

Leaving a Remainder of -

Irish Money.

I-*•

1,83311 — 2,348 16 —

1,607-----

4.048 1 4

1,145 0 Q

13 9

14,0 27 11 IO

8,219 1 8

10,000

9,000

f. s. d.

10^39 17 8

22,‘246 13 6

33,°S<3 11 2

19,000 -

14,086 11 2

Appendi;j}j

(No. is.;)

40 Februar y

continued.•

November 18 th 180?.

Thomas Lyjler, Sec>.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of The FARMING SOCIETY of Ireland; for One Year, ending the 5th January 1804.

EXPENDITURE.

Amount of Premiums offered by the Society, for 1803 ——

Amount ol Salaries -

Expences oi Secretary on Agricultural Tour, as per Agreement - - ..

Printing, advertizing, and Stationary - - - - . "

Expences of four Shews ot Li\e Stock ——

Incloling the Shew Ground at Ballinailoe, erecting thereon Sheds fur Cattle, and other Accommodations for the Shews, and for the Society -

Rents in Dublin and Ballinafloe - - - - * " " ~ - -

Books, Models, Implements of Agriculture, Bounties to Local Societies, and other objects that cannot at present be detailed -

Irish Money.

£. s. d. 2,143 2 —

300-----

113 15 —

200 — — 400 — —-

2,000-----

350 -

2,000 — —

7,506 17 —

FUND to answer Disbursements.

Probable Amount of Annual Subscriptions -

Balance in Treasurer's hands, appropriated to the Improvements in Ballinailoe

£. s. d.

700-----

2,500 — —

3,200-----

By Order of the Society.

John Hamilton,

__________ 1

—-----——----- I

j.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Amount of the NOT E S of the Bank of England, in Circulation on the lft of June, the lft of August, Appendix, the ill of October, and the lft of December 1802, and the lft of February 1803; distinguishing the Amount of those that are below (No, I 9.]! the Value of Five Pounds. y° February

AMOUNT of Bank of England Notes of Five Pounds each, and upwards, including Bank Post Bills

payable leven Days after Sight:

On lft of June - 1802

lft - August - 1S02 lft - October 1802 lft - December 1802 lft - February 1803

13>257>6o°

14,386,640

13,111,510

12,075,020

12,874,030

AMOUNT of Bank of England Notes of £. 2 and £, 1 each:

On lft of June - 1802

ill - August - 1802 lft - October 1802 ill - December 1802 lft - February 1803

3,013,610

3,292,520

3*435,13°

3,236,53°

3,234,53°

Bank of England, 7 Jth February 1803. y

W" Wilton,

Acc* GenU

VOL. 58.

798

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 20.) 7* Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt a^d Expenditure of £.5,922,978. 19*. 11 in One Year, from

for the Reduction of

D'

The f;iid Commissioners with the

To CASH Paid for the following S T O C K, pure haled as the Ad directs:

Capital Stock. £• 1,665,000

4001,019

1>4~5»400

200,000 l So, (loo 3-,000 66,410

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities Reduced Annuities Consolidated £.4 per Cent. Annuities Consolidated Old South Sea Annuities -New South Sea Annuities £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities

£.8,070,4-29 - - The Interest on which is £'.*> 56.366. 17. 4. p^r;

annum.

£. *. d.

M48N,748 3 n 3r 16/030 5 4 1,267,290 16 3 143.918 15 — 127,257 a 6 ■22,191 17 c 40,041 19 5

Book 1 I J-'iidatili, t n«ary 1803. \

43 Geo. IIL Appendix. 799

the 3d February 1802 to the 31ft January 1803, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. the National Debt.

Appendix (No. 20.) 70 Februari

Governor and Company of the Bank of England Cr

By CAS H Received at sundry Times ;—Viz.

From the Exchequer, being 4 Quarterly Issues - - D® - - - being an additional hue

I rom the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the rate of £. 1 per Cent, per annum, towards

*' r ./si. o_ . ~ * /~i__r»: j .. j /»

the Redemption of £. 167,167,874. 9.

40,483,875.-----

12,519,859. 17. 2. 10,255,589. 10. 2. 20,1*24,843. 15. —

3,660,300.-----

293*999* — 10.

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities Reduced Annuities Consolidated £. 4 per Cent. Annuities Navy £. 5 per Cent. Annuities £. 5 per Cent. Annuities 1797 Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities Consolidated Long Annuities

From

D® -

- being the Appropriation for Nine Months, at the rate of £. 1 per Cent, per annum, towards " the Redemption of £.*2,227,612. 10. — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

2.227.612. 10. — Reduced Annuities Consolidated -4,455,225. — — £. 4 per Cent. Annuities -

2.227.612. 10. — £.5 perCent. Annuities 1797 7,796. 12. io-. Consolidated Long Annuities

From - D° - - being the Appropriation for Six Months, at the rate of £. 1 per Cent, per annum, towards"

the Redemption of £. 1,300,000.-----

139^50- —

1,200,060.-----

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities Interest to commence from 5th Jan? 1808, and then to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

£■ *. d.

1,000,000 -

200,000 ’■—-

2*584^13 7 1*

84,166 19 4

From - D° - - - D°

D® - -

being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 years, before 5 th January 1802 -

being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between 5th January 1786 and 5th" January 180*2; (viz.) - - - - 1745 - £.4,048-----

, 046 ...... 7.15910 —

x757 ...... 8,091 5 —

1778 ...... 231 13 —

079 ...... 7'3 15 7 J

being the Amount of Annuities for 09 and 96 years, which expired 5th February 1792;

(viz.) ...... For 99 years ... 48,515 2

96 years .... 6,365 12

’9*i 1

For the Amount of the yearly Payment on the Annuities 1777

For 6 Months Interest oil £.28,450.000. — — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 - 426,749 19 8

_ 1)° - - - - 2,348,400. — — New South Sea Annuities - D° - 35,226 —

. 1)° - - - 60 8,000. — £.3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 - - - D° - 9,120 —

_ _ I)° - - 294, Ol6. — Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - due ift November 1801 4*423 14 9

- _ 1)° - - - - 25,185,000. — Reduced Annuities Consolidated due 5th April 1802 377*774 19 7

- - - 1)° - - - - 1 i470,0O0. — £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - D° - - - 29,400

_ _ ir _ - 2,020.000. —- — Old South Sea Annuities - D° - - 43,800 —

_ d° - - - - 20,100,000. — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5U1 July 1802 436,499 19 7

}>° - - - 2,448,000. — New South Sea Annuities - D° - - - 36,720

r>° - - - 617,000. — £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 - - - - D° - - , 9*255 — —

_ . D° - ■- - 3-8,349. — — Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - due ill May 1802 4*925 4 8

_ _ _ D° _ _ - 26,780,000. — — Reduced Annuities Consolidated due 10th October 1802 4.01,69910 6

_ U _ D° _ _ •2,570,000 — — £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - D° - 51,400 — —

- - - D° - - - 3>°47>000> — — Old South Sea Annuities - D* - 45.705 — —

£■ 5,922,978 19 11*

13,196 5 —

7,877 12 —

*°*244 3 7

54,880 14 4 25,000-----■

By t A S II Received, to be Received, and to be Applied, in the Quarter between the if! February tmd

the ill May 1803*, (viz.)

From

the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -

- - bc-in*: an additional IlVue to be received

D°

D° -

D® -

- being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 years, which have expired; (viz.)

For 99 years - - - £. 12,128 15

96 years L591 8 —

* btin? the Appropriation for a J of a Year, at the rate of £. 1 per Cent, per annum,' tov. aids the Redemption of Loans from 1793 to 1801, both inclusive; (viz.)

On £. 170,695,486. 19. 4* Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

£. 4 per Cent. Annuities Consolidated Navy £. 5 per Cent. Annuities -

£. 5 per Cent. Annuities 1707 ......

£ 3 perCent. Annuities, to commence from 5th Jany 1808 8f. Consolidated Long Annuities -— Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

43*911,487. 10. — 16,975,084. 17. 2. 10,255,589. 10. 2. 22,352,456. 5. — 130,250.

3° h795- 11. 3,669,300.

For 6

Months Interest on

- L)° ——

- D° ——

* -D® - - * -

30,115,000. — —

2,519,000.-----

630,000.-----

361,649.-----

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th Jan? 1803 -New South Sea Annuities ----- D°

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 - - - - D®

Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - due lft Novr 1802 -

250.000-----

50,000-----

13*720 3 7

680,882 2 7!

451*7*24 19 1 37*785 —‘ —

9*450 -----*

5,424 14 8

1,498,987 — 5

A. Newlanch

Chief Caihhrf.

A. 1803.

800

Appendix, '^No. n.) l4* Martii.

Appendix.

ACCOUNTS respecting the T It A D E and NAVIGATION of Great Britain; for the Year ended 5th of January 1803.

(1.)—Ax ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1803; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports: And distinguishing the Value of British Produce, and Manufactures Exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported; together with the difference between the Official Value, and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending 5th January 1803.

Years. Official Value of Imports from Official Value of - S\

f ’ East Indies and China. 1 All other Parts. ( British Produce and Manufactures Exported. 1 Foreign Merchandize Exported.

£■ s. d. s. (I £■ s. d. £■ *• d.

>785 - 2,7°3,94° 14 1 13,575,478 7 5 | Il,c8i,8lO 16 5 5,035-357 17 IO

1786 - L - 3,156,687 — 7 12,620,385 6 10 ! 11,830.372 18 11 4,475,193 9 3

1787 - 3,430,868 — 6 *4,373, H6 15 7 12,053,900 3 5 4,815,889 3 l

00 00 - 3.453»*97 3 5 14,5 7 3,2 7 2 17 10 12,724,719 *7 9 4,747,518 10 6

vl 00 CO - 3,362,545 4 10 14'4.r>8,557 5 9 13,779,500 2 6 5,561,042 15 l

1790 - - > 3,140,87° H 4 15,981,015 10 11 14,921,084 9 7 ' 5,199,037 7 7

17 91 - 3.698,713 13 — i5,9/i,o69 — 7 lG, 810,018 16 4 5,921,976 10 11

1792 * 2,701,547 9 4 16.957,810 17 3 18,336,851 6 11 6,568,348 16 6

1793 - - 3,499,023 12 10 15,757,693 16 10 13,892,268 17 7 6,407,911 9 3

*794 - 4,458,475 1 5 17,830,418 19 — 16,725,402 16 2 10,022,680 12 . 8

1795 - * 5,760,810 8 3 16,976,079 1 8 16,338,213 2 2 10,785,125 15 2

1796 - * 3,372,689 — 6 19,814,630 17 11 19,102,220 3 11 11,416,693 11 10

1797 " - 3,942,38+ 5 1 17,071,572 12 4 16,903,103 6 1 12,013,907 2 —

1798 7,626,030 6 9 20,230,059 1 11 19,672,503 — 9 13,919,274 13 11

1799 - - 4,284,805 9 10 22,552,626 16 5 24,084,213 — 10 11,907,116 3 11

1800 4,942,275 10 9 25,628,329 15 7 24,304,283 13 6 18,847,735 12 —

1801 - - 5,424,44» 16 4 27,3"i, H5 5 3 25,699,809 6 1 16,601,892 10 0

1802 25,615,041 7 3 27,012,108 3 10 19,146,948 1 10

Inspetfor General’s Office, 'f Cuiiom House, London, > 04th March 1803 J

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Note.—In the Year 1607 certain Rates of Value were affixed to the several Articles Imported into, and Exported from this Kingdom; and, conionani to those Ehiinates, the Ledgers of the Inspector General’s Office are Dili kept, and the Public Accounts Hated accordingly.

By the Act of the 42 c! of His Majesty, cap 43. the Merchants Exporters are required to declare the Real Value of British Manufactures Exported, in order that the Amount of the Duty chargeable thereon may be ascertained; but, the Exports to Ireland, certain Articles tiled in the Fisheries, and Cotton Manufactures of all Descriptions, being exempt from Payment of this Duty, and consequently from the Declaration of the Exporters, as to the Value, the Inspector General therefore cannot make an Official Return to that part of the Order of the House, which requires the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value.

Affiuning, however, that Articles Exported to Ireland, or used in Fisheries, may be estimated at the fame Rate of V alue with Articles of a similar nature exported to other Countries, and that the Inspector General is correct in an Estimate which has with great pains been formed of the true Value of Cotton Manufactures exported; he thinks himself justified in Rating to Parliament, that the value of Britiffi Produce and Manufactures Exported from Great Britain to all Parts, amounted in the Year 1802, to £.48,500,683.

No Account can yet be prepared of the Value of the Imports from India and China, for the Year ending the 5th January last.

Note.—The Decrease'in the Total Value of Imports from all Parts, except the East Indies and China, in the Year 1S02, arofc from the Importation of Corn having been greatly dimimffied in that Year.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

801

(2.) An ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into Great Britain for Eighteen Years, ending January 5th 1803;

exclusive of Corn and other Grain, and exclusive of Importations from the Eaa ladies and China: together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported, for aS many. \ ears of the same Period as such an Account can be made up.

Appendix, (No. 2,1.) 5)

continued, n. 5° Aprihs.

Yeurs. Imports, exclusive of Corn and other Grain, and exclusive of Importations from the Raft Indies and. China. British Produce and Manufactures Exported.

Official Value. Official Value. Real or Declared Value.

£■ s. d. £■ S. d.

*7^5 - - 12,939,53s 16 10 H,o8l,8lO 5 % -

1786 - - - 12,053,8^9 13 5 ",830,372 18 11

1787 - - 13,761,945 10 5 12,053,900 3 5

1788 - - * 13,897,708 8 9 12,724,719 17 9

1789 - - - i3,879,465 9 11 13,779,506 2 6

1790 - - - 14,924,222 15 8 14,921,084 9 7

1791 - - - 14,463,723 18 11 16,810,018 16 4 s

1792 - - - 16,005,657 18 7 18,336,851 6 11

1793 - - 14,165,443 1 4 13,892,268 17 7

t794 - - 16,482,673 10 11 16,725,402 16 2

1795 - - - 16,010,233 8 — 16,338,213 2 2

1796 - - - 17,441,036 19 10 19,102,220 3 11 -

1797 - - 15,803,883 7 8 16,903,103 6 1 L• '• *

1798 - - m 18,862,188 13 7 19,672,503 — 9 33,148,682

799 - r 21,386,250 17 10 24,084,213 — 10 38,942,49* — — -

1800 - *- - 22,720,664 11 8 24,304,283 13 6 39,471,203

1801 - - - 24,145,500 12 — 25,699,809 6 1 41,77®,354

lSoa ~ " " 24,436,481 14 11 27,012,108 3 10 48,500,683 — — I

n^ral's Office, 1 me, London, > ril 1803. 3

Inspectnr General's Office,' Custom Home,

41b April

William Irving,

Inspedhrr General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

(3.)—An ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5U1 January 1802 and the 5th January 1803; as far as the fame can be prepared.

SHIPS. TONS.

1,202. 1*5794*-

Copies of the Certificates of Registry granted at many of the Ports in the Plantations, and Scotland, being unreceived, the Vessels that may have been built at such Ports are not included in this Account.

T. E. Willoughby,

For J. Dalley,

Assistant Register General of Shipping.

115th March 1803,

Vol. 58.

as° Marti

802

Appendix.

A. 1803-

Appendix, (No. 2,1.)

continued.

zi* Martin

(4..)—An ACCOUNT of the Number and Tonnage of VESSELS Built and Registered in Great Britain; — in the Three Years tehding 5th January 1793i ln the Three Years ending 5th January 1802; and in the lall Year:—Distinguiiluhg each Year; and r tliftinguishing the Port* of London, Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgow, and Leith.

1790. 1791- 1 792. 1 79 9* 1800. 1801. l 1802.

Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels. Tons. Vessels.! Tons.

London ... 4° 9.743 58 6,673 51 11,003 i ) 32 4,830 56 19,973 50 5*845 41 15A*9

Liverpool - - n 4.737 18 2,392 30 3,509 ! 14 5,708 23 4*43 *7 4,584 16 2,030

Bristol - 12 >.677 18 2,278 13 1,364 I 12 1,617 6 1,266 8 *>744 1 1 7(*9

Hull - - - 20 1,894 36 4,668 27 3,844 I 38 4,818 59 8,301 77 9*9*2 69 9>m

Newcastle - - - 29 6,144 30 6,346 20 4,998 I 43 10,285 43 10,207 5i 11,068 57 12*43*

Sunderland 18 2>755 7 1,230 15 2,507 36 7,207 48 9,728 5i 9.311 56 8,807

Glasgow and Greenock 20 1,046 27 3,196 34 2,821 16 •1,427 27 1,980 18 1*905 19

Leith ... 16 1,228 15 M3i 13 1,363 5 934 10 9*9 7 1*49* 11 1,666

Other Ports 395 *7*9*3 415 30,446 452 35,542 483 46,832 573 58,535 629 64»335 687 53*52*

Total - * 577 57,137 624 58,760 ^55 j66,95i 689 83*658 845 115,346 918 110,206 907 104,789

Medium, 3 Years ending 5th January 1791, 1795, 1793 D° - 3 Years ending 5th January 1800, 1801, 1802

Year 1802

Vessels. Tons.

618 60,949

817 103,071

967 104,789

7. Dailey,

AfiilV Regr Gen* of Shipping. 8th March 1803.

Martin (5*y—An^ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys

j - usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September

1802; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, and the West Indies; as far as the lame can be^ prepared.

Ships. Tons. Men.

England ----- 13,401 1.617,527 113,670

Jersey ----- 69 5,024 379

Guernsey - 94 8,987 65a

Man ----- 275 6,278 1,520

Plantations - 2,869 202,582 15,536

Scotland - 1,349 183,931 ‘5,434

Ireland 1,003 54,232 5,078

Total - 20,060 2,078,561 152,269

The Returns from many of the Ports in the Plantations being unreceived, the Amount of the Shipping at such Ports has been taken from the corroded Accounts of the preceding Year; and the fame Mode has been pursued with respect to Ireland, no Account luiving bee* delivered to this Office.

7*. E. Willoughby,

For J. Dallev,

AlTistant Register General of Shipping-

25th March 1803.

Februarit Transport OrFrcE, 7 (6.)—An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, and the Amount of their Tonnage, together with die 8th February 1803. j Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the fame, which were employed, either in the Transport

Service, or as Armed Ships, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1803; distinguishing each Year.

YEARS. , Number of Ships. Tonnage. Num Men. her of Boys.

Between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802 Between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803 215 *17 61,996 36,199 3,099 1,809 619 361

Rup* George* Ambrose Serle. Wm Ay Otzvay.

AT.2L—Five Armed TransporU were employed tinder this Board; but, belonging to His Majesty, are not included in

the above Account.

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

803

* Append b' 2

(7;)—-As ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys (No 21 m employed in Navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which Entered Inwards and Cleared Outwards, in the several

Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1802 and the 5th January 1803: continued.

Distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; * ’•<

and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies. MdYt..

INWARDS. 1 OUTWARDS.

ENGLAND.

COUNTRIES. r British. Foreign. 1 1 i 1 . _L_ _ British. Foreign. 1

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. •i Men. j Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

. ( British Colonies America < IT , A 1P3 33,018 1,904 208 45,692 2,809

( United States - - 61 12,47° 635 329 81,537: 3,904 1 86 19,438 1,087 358 85,406 4,460

Africa - 33 6,413 586 1 25 24 i *7 9 42,814 4,632 3 540 48

Barbary - * 7 832 49 - - 6 716 44

Botany Bay - - - - 7 2 2,784 216

Cape of Good Hope - - 5 i>®74 Q2 . - 53o 44

Dan tide - - 188 34>4i*2 1,562 27 7,176 293 32 6,710 325 10 3.325 139

Denmark and Nomay - 326 43,126 2,501 502 94,400 5,^4 353 55,665 3,175 425 83,175 4,466

I-Alt indies - 88 65,71s 7,372 3 835 52 70 59,oi6 7*53

Flanders - - -Florida - - *9 1,691 90 103 8,114 467 21 3,5V5 200 98 9.327 537

• 2 3*3 20 20 4,876 252 2 375 21 9 2,044 106

trance - - 747 52,186 3,882 831 55,402 5,067 95 8 67,407 5,935 739 53,061 4,669

Germany - - 233 35,9°6 1,965 72 9, M3 443 359 58,005 2,905 102 14,740 717

Gibraltar and Streights - 3i 8,151 45- 1 92 6 43 6,433 360 1 267 21

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 7‘2 21,400 2,852 - - - 67 20,161 2,660 ,

Guernsey - - 385 25,499 G532 4 633 32 434 <27,609 *»787 1 16 3

Jersey - - 105 6,151 446 93 7/'8: 446

Alderney - - 3 177 12 - - - - 11 65 > 43 1

Hamburgh - r - 175 20,883 M74 3* 7*554 355 266 47, 2,372 55 11,007 5*3

Holland - 754 101,010 5/277 582 37,840 2/159 801 111,618 5,821 44 8 33,581 2,139

Honduras (Bay of) - - 22 6,l86 314 19 4.829 276

Hudson's Bay - - 3 80" 85 - - - - 3 795 00

Ireland - - 4,345 375,623 22,568 29 4,179 239 4,645 398,153 22,585 1 126 8

lile of Man - - 261 9,7‘2 1,076 3 302 21 370 14,5*9 1,156

Italy .... - 108 16,050 910 H 2,804 183 222 29,662 i,748 7 1,564 89

Malta - 33 9,596 502 1 310 16 4 504 37

Minorca - - 25 7,280 4°5 - - - - 5 749 43

Nootka Sound - - - . - - - - 1 225 24

Portugal and Madeira - 333 43,770 2,502 41 5,055 327 264 35,531 2,084 46 8,944 601

Prussia - - 650 149,683 6,698 506 67,487 3,oi5 358 68,020 3,202 597 75,930 3,651

Rulha - - 625 145,051 7,600 16 4,704 212 4°3 89,316 4,177 36 10,071 421

Southern Whale Fishery - 36 10,584 813 - - - 54 15,678 1,250 956

Spain and Canaries - - 173 22,575 1,263 105 13,545 864 217 27,890 1,644 86 15,499

Sweden - - 97 15,670 751 155 27,383 1,608 75 10,071 561 149 25,4*9 1,412

Turkey - - 19 3,789 245 .1. l80 9 18 3,888 217

West Indies f ®nt,.to - 918 258,884 H,97^ - - - - 615 181,433 10,097 74

\ Foreign - 25 7,154 497 5 598 41 1 205 20 5 1,424

Total - - 11,100 j 5,561,909 93,92 3,389 434,174 *H,953 11,361 1,465,387 91,230 J 3,177 1435,691 25,054

INWARDS. outwards.

SCOTLAND. A

r British. Foreign. \ r Britiln. Foreign. y

COUNTRIES.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

f British Colonies Amencu j United Stateg . , 64 12,687 7+6 72 12,688 862 1

- 39 7,300 463 46 9,811 512 49 9,972 620 39 8,117 615

Dantzic - - 5 378 36

Denmark and Norway - 88 7,773 500 246 30,352 G932 51 5,746 323 102 14,063 85*

Flanders - 1 46 2

Florida - 3 +58 25 - - - - 2 3ii 16

France - - 4 388 25 - - - 8 832 47 ■

Gibraltar and Streights 1 4 857 35

Germany - - 53 8,542 329 5 663 38 1: 101 11,530 695 > 7 1,023 54

Greenland and Davis's Streights - 13 3,048 498 - - 12 3,378 1 46c >

Guernsey - 6 601 32 - - - 5 548 l 2£ )

Jersey - - 2 111 8 - - - 2 12c > c > »

Hamburgh - - 6 . 540 32 - - - . - 10 75; ’ 4* 1

Honduras (Bay of) - - 1 136 '3 - - - 1 <281 L M I 29/

Holland - - 98 9,219 53i 18 1,436 86 56 5,87c > 342 \ 5 509

Ireland - - G475 85,705 6,001 1 98 7 j 8 95 51,19; J 4,02; r

Isle of Man - 60 1,765 175 - - - 48 1,40; t *44 1-

Italy - - 5 620 36 - - 19 2,42^ 1 *52 1

Malta - * 2 451 23

Poland - - 12 1,209 | 73 - - 15 2,26? J 12c > rr

Portugal and Madeira - i 40 4.577 298 ! 1 112 10 22 i,36j > 16c ) * 170

Prussia - - 193 32,114 1,643; 11 1,230 58 54 8,885; 47c > *3 1,150 OQ

Russia - 154 21,077 1,167 ) m «. - 81 11,96c > 652 }

Spain and Canaries - - 13 G297 83 3 433 28 11 i,7°J 1 8t 568 37

Sweden - - 77 5,739 > 33° 10 1,474 88 36 3,24' i 224 1 4

: - in 1 25,433 114 ! 1,717 8 r - . 1 - - ~ . 99 23,54c > i,66f > 175

Total - 2,522 231,424 14,767 ’ 344 46,067 2,784 1,651 160,57c ) n,i9/ > *75 26,132 1,695

r. E. Willoughby,

For J. DaLLRY,’

Assistant Register General of S&ippfog.

95th March 1803

h 1803.

1

804

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 21.)

continued.

11° Mar til.

(8.)—Ay ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, their Tonnage and Number of Men, that Entered Inwards and Cleared

• ......

and in the lull Year:—Distinguishing each Year; and dillinguithing the Port* of London,

PORTS.

London -

Liverpool -

Hull - v -

Bristol -

Newcastle

Sunderland

Glasgow and Greenock Leith -Ollier Ports

Total

In the YEAR ending the 5II1 January 1700:

INWARDS.

British.

Ships,

2,2.54

1,803

397

459

200

387

228

5,662

12,141

Tons.

431.890

205,440

80,705

56,224

31.784

104,471

36,829

30,695

450,338

1,428,376

Men.

Foreign.

Ships.

1,161

200

87 86 4S n 11

25

772

2,421

Tons.

140,205

35,077

15*275

14*444

s43

L7i3

2*393

54*469

-77*599

.Men.

OUTWARDS.

British.

Foreign.

Ships..

1,478

E779

253

4°5

536

696

312

7,036

12,560

Tons.

Men.

278.231

201,741

44,100

49»8o5

94*3^4

102,053

34 >3°^ 8,884

5^5*727

* >399*233

Ships.

414

1 <96

49

82

34

4

8

10

333

Tons.

60,867

3rM43 6,960 1 3,020 2,236 340 1*3*4 9*4

17*27*

*>*3°

*48*974

Men.

i !.?r _ 5 5 5

c r! a. u

3J — W

PORTS. In the YEAR ending the 5 th January l79lr

London - _ ( 2,184 4*9*374 2- 1,236 149.053 1,643 316,400 5*5 85.834 1 j. w

Liverpool - 1,845 221,250 — ‘254 46.S73 — 1*904 2-25,641 — 263 49,839 W £ X. -

Hull - 454 06,176 — *34 18,843 — 266 40*-37 — 50 6,805 5 £ .3.

Bristol - - 4-H 5M62 — 103 19,585 — 402 50,930 — 105 10,570 7 rT

Newcastle - 189 3',575 — 43 3,215 — 547 07,076 — 36 2,310 > *2 . .21

Sunderland - 610 95,924 — H 1,188 — 77« 115,880 % 7 692 S z "5

Glasgow and Greenock - 424 40,716 — 21 3,778 — 113 32,868 — 14 2,300 s 2

Leith - 262 33,213 — 34 2,973 — 73 10,632 —. 7 586 y t 3 3

Other Ports - 6,102 455,4°8 — 847 75,851 .— 7,783 614,721 —- 3°9 16,7031 ? ~ ~

Total - - 12,494 i,+52,498 — 2,686 321,364 — 13,5H 1*511,294 — 1,3061 CT. r- 4- 00 —

PORTS. * In the YEAR ending the 5th January r 1792:

London _ c 2,489 451,188 25,814 1,186 152,243 7*193 1,708 310,724 20.580 501 87,708 1 4*67S

Liverpool - 1,858 226,018 14,864 215 41,166 2,070 1,926 231,277 16,192 212 4*213 2,004

Hull - 5>4 117,767 <5,145 1*3 15,800 1,1*5 337 61,042 3.668 47 5,618 460

Bristol - - 497 64,453 3,754 98 21,183 1,052 444’ 59,886 4,046 95 20,757 1,027

Newcastle - - - ,87 31,806 1,924 34 2,280 235 538 92,080 5*1 * 29 E952 17*

Sunderland - 77° 113,860 6,001 9 533 53 912 110,195 6*377 6 3*3 3*

Glasgow and Greenock - 436 42,011 2,538 18 3,197 163 361 37*37 2,255 17 3*77 i40‘

Leith - - 2l6 30,7.39 1,625 *9 2,700 168 72 io*4J-31 581 8 1*228 7*

Ollier Ports - 5*063 509,803 36,405 785 64,972 5-970 17,593 641,260 i ! 41*395 223 13.390 1,4-8

Total - -] *2,030 «,587,645 99,070 2,477 304,074 18,010 j 13,891 1*563,744| 100,212 M3* j 175*536 10,101

P o RTS.

London

Liverpool

Hull -

Bristol -

Newoastle

Sunderland

Glasgow and Greenock Leith

Other Ports

Total -

In the Y E A R ending the 5th January i$°S>

inwards.

British. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. j Tons. Men.

2,572 580,252 3M43 1*619 199,251 P*970

1,982 2.52,808 15,828 417 98,381 4.055

600 124,180 . 7-994 153 23,556 1,368

400 49*930 3,188 73 13-144 75s

425 67,662 0,665 102 9.369 58;

495 72,153 3,524 18 1,805 11C

465 52,015 3,348 41 8,810 4H

245 33*368 i,77'2 86 10,401 (X/S

Accouii its not yet completed.

He.

■ M ^=5

l!j

Appendix

805

=a

43 Geo. III.

Outwards in Great Britain in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1793; in the Three Years ending the 5th January 1802; Liverpool, Hull, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Glasgow, and Leith.

Appendix,

(No. 21.)

continued.

PORTS. In the YEAR ending the 5th January 1800: f

INWARDS. | ) OUTWARDS.

British. Foreign. Britishi. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. 1 Men. Ships Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

London -Liverpool - Hull - - - -Bristol - - Newcastle - -Sunderland - -Glasgow and Greenock Lei th - Other Ports - - Total - - G934 1 15 3()Q 268 177 44 184 5*39° 44Mfi8 243,234 6l,121 34,124 32,095 6,782 32,617 22,430 501,208 25,277 17.°57 3,682 2,151 1,685 328 2,284 1,240 .30»897 1,480 330 177 49 115 32 24 56 749 032,005 73,881 29,173 •,313 12,590 3,653 5,209 6,469 102.303 1 12,1701 3,706; 1,682 5^5 823 2 26 20.5 391 6,284 1,310 •^58 267 243 440 do 381 83 6,043 304,745 262,236 57,301 30,778 84,808 9,073 36,814 10,072 506,724 21,407 21,32' 3,458 2,254 4>'2<‘7 438 3,054 672 31,815 1,208 326 159 47 169 45 23 14 401 216,566 75,906 26,017 n,247 20,005 4.950 5,033 1.745 52,345 11,561 4,002 1,482 667 1,157 296 267 97 3,4H

io,557 * >375, *69. 84,601 3,012 476,596 20,132 11.085 1,302,551 88,686 2,392 4H.774 22,940

PORT S. I | In the YEAR ending the 5th January 1801:

London -Liverpool - Hull .... Bristol -Newcastle -Sunderland ... Glasgow and Greenock Leith -Other Ports - Total - - < 1 *.758 J-f34 408 205 2‘2‘2 49 271 200 j 5,660 I 412.0321 205,189; 81,5011 36,873 38,049 7,028 30,464 25,794 543,137 24,739 *4.337 i 4?58i 2,035 2,018 361 2,122 G4H 22,860 2,924 562 313 85 320 44 40 126 1,098 384,600 121,807 43,010 18,363 30,074 4,453 7,651 14,800 177.578 20,1 l6 6,046 2,494 852 1.772 278 440 787 8,397 1,362 ! 2,061 1 395 286 514 52 368 123 6,706 357,198 ‘•143,494 78,561 35,610 95,7-24 6,958 38,233 13,828 575,659 23.842 18,614 4,490 2,587 4,803 359 3,167 891 34.542 2,816 542 281 76 372 66 35 23 682 372,356 120,565 42,787 17.078 37,044 6,815 6,627 2,5/3 79,206 1 1 20,482 5,905 2,324 887 2,126 399 305 142 5,098

110.497 •,380,157 j 74>467 5,512 763,236 41,182 11,867 1,445,27! 93,295 4,893 685,051 37,728

PORTS. In the YEAR ending the 5th January 1802:

I/Hidon -Liverpool -Hull -Bristol -Newcastle -Sunderland -Glasgow and Greenock I/eitli -Other Ports - Total - - r 1,878 1.319 237 331: 222 59 312 . 157 5,832 44^,773 184,724 43,397 42,855 34.425 9,254 38,167 21,330 557,695 26,263 12,890 2,7°4 2,819 1.95*8 459 i 2,694 1,136 37.112 3,097 646 196 134 , 275 22 59 132 936 409,520 144,684 23,197 25,933 25,975 2,085 11,897 14,796 12,268 >0,287 7.°5(> 1,332 1,364 1,521 138 6'iO 788 7,4-0 1,452 1,645 246' 208 562 72 346 9° 5,601 371 >711 220,541 49,339 34,533 100,838 11,054 42,063 ii,793 503,749 24.539 16,860 3*097 2,613 5,265 560 3,403 7C7 30,200 1 3,420 , 686 ! 256 119 350 45 70 38 642 456,455 157,162 24,302 23,255 33.477 4,061 13,462 4,552 88,154 1 23,801 7,529 1,878 . 1,248 1,936 226 717 240 4,839

•o-347 1,378,620 88,035 5,497 780,155 40,520 10,282 345,621 87,304 5,626 804,880 42,4H

as far as the fame can be prepared:

OUTWARDS.

■")

British. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

2,003 420,431 28,239 1,645 219,844 12,818

2,182 261,840 16,904 4°9 98,006 4,718

488 96,960 5,597 15° 23,582 1,325

350 45,132 2,943 69 12,611 715

720 124,430 6,426 108 9,97s 629

54° 77034 3.76i 17 1,821 1 H

428 47,478 3.223 40 8,313 433

124 16,981 968 13 1,346 86

7. Valley,

Assistant Regitler General of Shipping. 10th March 1803.

9T

Vol. 58

Dig ________ ____

806

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 12.)

o* Februarii.

----- -----/

COPY of a CONVENTION between His Majesty and The United States of America;

signed at London the 8th of January 1802.

DIF FIC U LTIE S bavin*; arisen in the execution of the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded at London on the fourth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, between His Britannic Majesty and the United States of America, and in consequence thereof the Proceedings of the Commissioners under the Seventh Article of the fame Treaty having been luipended, the Parties to the said Treaty being equally desirous, as far as may be, to obviate l’uch difficulties, have respectively named Plenipotentiaries to treat and agree respecting. the fame; that is to say, His Britannic Majesty has named for His Plenipotentiary the Right Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson commonly called Lord Hawkesbury, one of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the President of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate thereof, has named for their Plenipotentiary Rufus King, Esq. Minister Plenipotentiary of the said United States to IIis Britannic Majesty, who have agreed to, and concluded, the following Articles:

Article I. In satisfaction and discharge of the money which the United States might have been liable to pay in pursuance of the provisions of the said Sixth Article, which is hereby declared to be cancelled and annulled, except so far as the fame may relate to the execution of the said Seventh Article; the United States of America hereby engage to pay, and His Britannic Majesty contents to accept, for the use of the persons described in the said Sixth Article, the funi of Six hundred thousand Pounds sterling, payable at the times and place, and in the manner following; that is to say, the said funi of Six hundred thousand Pounds lterling shall be paid at the city of Walhington, in three annual instalintiits of Two hundred thousand Pounds sterling each, and to such person or persons as shall be authorized by His Britannic Majesty to receive the same; the tirft of the said instalments to be paid at the expiration of one year, the second instalment at the expiration of two years, and the third and last instal-ment at the expiration of three years next following the exchange of the ratifications of this Convention. And to prevent any disagree-ment concerning the rate of exchanges, the said payments shall be made in the money of the said United States, reckoning four dollars and forty-four cents to be equal to one Pound sterling.

Article II. Whereas it is agreed by the Fourth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris on the third day of

September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, between His Britannic Majesty and the United States, that Creditors on either fide should meet with no lawful impediment to the recovery of the full value in (tolling money of all bona fide debts theretofore contracted, it is hereby declared, that the said Fourth Article, l'o far as respects its future operation, is hereby recognized, confirmed, and declared to be binding and obligatory on Ills Britannic Majesty and the said United States, and the same shall be accordingly observed with punctuality and good faith, and so as that the said Creditors shall hereafter meet with no lawful impediment to the recovery of the full value in sterling money of their bona fide debts.

Article III. It is furthermore agreed and concluded, that the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the Seventh Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, and whose Proceedings have been suspended as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the signature of this Convention, re-assemble and proceed in the execution of their duties, according to the provisions of the said Seventh Article, except only that instead of the sums awarded by the said Commissioners being made payable at the time or times by them appointed, all sums of money by them awarded to be paid to American or British Claimants, according to the provisions of the said Seventh Article, shall he made payable in three equal instalments, the first whereof to be paid at the expiration of one year, the second at the expiration of two years, and the third and last at the expiration of three years next after the exchange of the ratifications of this Convention.

Article IV. This Convention, when the same shall have been ratified by His Majesty, and by the President of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate thereof, and the respective ratifications duly exchanged, shall be binding and obligatory upon His Majesty and the said United States.

In faith whereof, We, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty and of the United States of America, by virtue of our respective full powers, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the seals of our arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at London the eighth day of January one thousand eight hundred and two.

Hazvke/bury. (l.s.) Rufus King. (L.s.)

Appendix, (No. 23.)

.* Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of EXTRAORDINARY EX PENCES of the ARMY, Incurred and Paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of December 1802, both inclusive.

Dates of Payments.

1802. October 5th.

To James Pafcall, Esq. for sundry Articles of Provisions supplied by him to the Forces whilst serving on the Continent in 1797 ——

To Capt. Ballard, of his Majesty's Ship Pearl, for a Cargo of Com that was captured by the said Ship, and condemned as a Prize, and afterwards supplied to the Garrison at Porto Ferrajo, in the Isle of

Elba ......

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 24th October 1801 to 2oth October 1802, drawn by Alexander Sloane, Conlul at Rome, for the Service of the Corsican Emigrants -To D°, dated from 15th September 1801 to 15th June 1802, drawn by Edward Corbet,

Agent lor the Affairs of St. Domingo, for the Pay of himself, and the Persons employed in his Department To a Bill ol Exchange, dated 20th October 1801, drawn by J. M. Matra, Consul General at Tangier, lor the Relief of British Seamen wrecked on the Arab Coast To Bills of Exchange, dated from 12th October 1801 to 26th July 1802, drawn by the HnnbJc Andrew Cochrane Johnltone, Governor of Dominica, for the Hire of a Vessel, Contingencies, and Salary of a Secretary To Bills of Exchange, dated from lft August 1801 to lft August 1802, drawn by William Keppel, Governor of Martinique, for the Expences of the Colonial and Armed Vessels, the Salaries of the Secretary and Chaplain, and Expences of Stationary -To a Bill, dated 29th October 1801, drawn by the Earl of Balcaries, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, ior Contingencies, Expences of Black Corps, Staff', Allowance for Barracks, and other Military Expences

1,612 18 9

1,825 — 356 17

1,444 2 2

4,062 10

To Bills ot Exchange, dated from 22d October 1801 to 10 July 1802, drawn determined by Maior General Nug-ut, Lieut. Governor of D° for D° Services 1 _ J J

T° ^s"’, ?,*d j'! :^Cnib" >801, drawn by Lord Minto, Minister at Vienna, for*1"’

- 22,258 — 3

the Service of the Coriican Emigrants residing in the Auftri’an Dominions i ° J11 s ol Exchange, dated liom 25th September 1801 to oth \nril 1 Sno ,ir, , Brigadier General Prevost, Lieut. Governor of St Lucia, L t£P of k&S

his Secretary, and ft-r Stationary - - - _ oi nimielt and

To D0, daied liom 20U1 October 1801 to 10th September 1802 drawn* n Beckwith, Governor of Bermudas, for the Military Expenditure’of that CMony S!

Carried forward -

440 15 10

965 15 —

1)001 10 —

10>574 5 9

988 16 —

6,54s 3 9

7.534 19 9

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

807

1802.

Brought forward

£. s. d.

lo

J

■•j i

A,

5,467

20,116

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 10th June 1801 to 14th August 180a, drawn by the Honb,e Arthur Paget, Envoy at Naples, for the French and Coriican Emigrants residing in the Neapolitan States - -

To D°, dated 25th November 1801 to 26th October 1802, drawn by Sir Hew Dalrymple, Lieut. Governor of Guernsey, for Public Services and Contingencies To D°, dated from 2d November 1801 to 18th October 1802, drawn by Alexr Green, Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for the Service of the Nova Scotia Reg1 and Prince Edward's Fencibles ——

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 26th February 1800, drawn by Sir Thos Trigge, K. B. Commander in Chief of the Windward and Leeward Islands, for Military Expences incurred at Surinam -

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 3d September to 11th December 1801, drawn by Brigr General \V. H. Clinton, commanding the British Forces at Madeira, for the Contingent Expences of the Troops stationed there -

To D°, dated from 28th October 1800 to 22d June 1801, drawn by Henry Motz, Commissary General in the Mediterranean, on Account of the Army in Egypt To D°, dated from 15th August to 15th November 1801, drawn by ltob1 II. Kennedy,

Acting Commissary General in Egypt, on Account of D®

To D°, dated from 12th September 1801 to 18th May 1802, drawn by Charles Cameron, Comnriiftioner at Malta, for the Purchase of Corn for the Use of the Troops in that Jlland ——

To D°, dated from 2 id of August 1801 to 5th of June 1802, drawn by Drewry Oitley, Present of Sl Vincent's, for the Service of Charaib Prisoners, Hire of Vessels, and Contingencies ——

To D°, dated from ipth of August 1801 to 28th of August 1802, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, for Charges of the New Brunswick Regiment, and Expences incurred under the Treaty of Amity with the United States -To D°, dated fr.-m lit November 1801 to lit November 1802, drawn by the Prince of Bouillon, commanding at Jersey, for Public Services and Contingencies To D°, dated from 8th December 1800 to 28th May 1801, drawm by Alexr Fernahdes, Aftiltant Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for the Service of the Army in

Egypt, cVc ......

To D°, dated from lft December 1801 to 7th November 1802, drawn by Lieut. Gen*

A. Gordon, Lieut. Governor of Jersey, for Subsistence of Jersey Troops, Ordnance Works, <Vc. ——

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 12th May 1801, drawn by George Warden, Assistance Commissary General in Portugal, for the Service of the Auxiliary Army serving in that Kingdom ——

To Bills of Exchange, dated from 10th September 1801 to 25th March 1802, drawn by the Earl of Elgin, Ambafludor at Constantinople, for the Service of the Army in

Egypt ...... >53.628

To D°, dated from 21ft July to 5th November 1801, drawn by George Burgman, Deputy Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for D° - - - - -124,013

To D°, dated from 5th November 1801 to 3d February 1802, drawn by Haviland Le Mefurier, Commissary General in D°, for D°

To D°, dated from 30th November 1801 to lft June 1802, drawn by Edward Stanley,

Confui at Trieste, for the Service of Emigrants -

To D°, dated 27th October 1801 to 27th July 1802, drawn by Joseph Robley, President of Tobago, for the Salary of the Secretary, and for Stationary -To D°, dated from 10th December 1801 to 6th May 1802, drawn by Wm J. Eppes, Commissary at Newfoundland, for the Purchase of Provisions for the Garrison To I)°, dated from 2 2d December 1801 to 29th October 1802, drawn by Thomas Durell, Deputy Commissary on the Continent, for Continental Claims for Stores supplied the Army in Flanders -

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 29th December 1801, drawn by Peter Le Mefurier, Governor of Alderney, for the Hire of a Vessel -

To Bills of Exchange, dated from the 4th to 19th December 1801, drawn by General Charles O'Hara, Governor of Gibraltar, for Buildings, Repairs at Europa Point, &c.

To D°, dated from 15th September to 19thOdober 1802, diawn by 11 is Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, Governor of D°, for D° Services -

To D°, dated from 7th September 1801 to 7th July 1802, drawn by Robert Hunt,

President of the Bahamas, for Provisions, Hire of Armed Vessels, and for the Service of the Ordnance, & c. -

To D°, dated from 8th March to 23d July 1802, drawn by J. Ilalkett, Governor of the Bahamas, for D° Services -

To D#, dated from 5th January to 5th July 1802, drawn by the Honourable James Stuart, Lieut. Governor of Fort George, for Contingencies -To D#, dated from 30th June 1801 to 24th August 1801, drawn by J. Hodge, Commissary at Curaçao, for Provisions, Forage, &c. of the Troops there -To D°, dated from 12th January to 24th July 1802, drawn by Ja* Toole, Acting Commissary General in Portugal, on Account of the Auxiliary Army serving in that Kingdom ——

To D°, dated from 30th December 1801 to 2d October 1802, drawn by John H. Frere,

Envoy at LilLon, for the Service of Emigrants -

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 30th October 1802, drawn by Barth* Frere, Charge D'A flaires at D°, for D® -To Bills of Exchange, dated from 31ft October 1801 to 30th August 1802, drawn by the Honourable William Wyndham, Envoy at Florence, for Ditto -To D°, dated from 27th October 1801 to 28th January 1802, drawn by Kenelm Chandler, Commissary at Constantinople, for Contingencies -To I)°, dated from 24th December 1801 to 24th June 1802, drawn by Samuel Dent,

Prpfident of Grenada, for D° ——

To Dp, dated from 22d December 1801 to 20th July 1802, drawn by Wm Drummond,

Envoy at Naples, for the Service of Emigrants -

To D°, dated from 25th December 1801 to 9th July 1802, drawn by Major General John Delpard, President at Cape Breton, for the Secretary's Salary and Stationary -To D°, dated from 20th November 1801 to 14th August 1802, drawn by Lord Laving-ton, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for Hire of a Schooner, Secretary's Salary, and Stationary ——

To D°, dated from 4th February to 13th August 1802, drawn by Sir John Wentworth,

• Bart. Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for Expences of an Armed Vessel, and Cloathing of the Nova Scotia Regiment, &c. -

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 14th of October 1801, drawn by John Frafer, Commander at Goree, for Wine supplied the Garrison -

To a D°, dated 12th February 1802, drawn by the HonWe Alexr Murray, Agent for Turk's Bland, for the Expences of the Turks Island Militia -

467 12 — - 3,779 13 2

11 >992 3 9

20,000-----

7,700 -

5 4 11 9

22,185 16 8

1,373 18 6

7,781 1 4

- 11,900 2 5

4,000

- 5,505 6 9

7,000-----

9 8

34,062 19 11

207-----

202 IO -—

1,229 9 8

27>4i3 9 8 358 14 —

2,876 3 7

00-----

12,160 3 7

12,269 14 3 1,195 12 7 9,544 18 2

32,540-----

1,176 2 — 206 13 3

6,700-----

450-----

954 1 10

- 6,000-----

in 5 —

1,498 10 —

3,766 1 3 326 16 6

£• *• 7,534 19

d.

9

Appendix, (No. 23.) 14* Februan continued.

Carried forward

34* * —

7>534 »9 9

, by

808

Appendix.

1803.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 4* Februarii,

continued.

1802.

July 17th

January gth

16 th March 10th

May id 21ft

29th

June 18th, July 2id, 22d, 28th. 29th. August 20th.

September 6th.

i6th.

October 8th. November 3d.

5th.

nth.

13th.

December 21ft.

Brought forward

To a Bill of Exchange, dated 28th February 1709, drawn determined by Sir \Ym Hamilton, K.U*

F.nvov at Naples, for the Service of Emigrants -

To L>°, dated 18th June 1802, drawn determined by Marlin Petrie, Commissary ot Accounts in Portugal and tho Mediterranean, for Contingencies -To a D°~ dated 2d July 1802, drawn by Brig4 Gen1 G. II. Vauhtturt, commanding at St. Lucia, for D* - - ~ ~ ~ ■

To Bills of Exchange, dated the 1 ft and 30th September 1802, drawn by Jniepli Danelon, Vice Conlul at Trielte, for the Service of Emigrants * ——

To D°, dated from lit Mav to 27th September 1802, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Lieut. Governor of Prince Edward’s Illaiul, for the Service ot Prince Ldwaids Bland Fencibles " "

To 1)°, dated from 27th November 1800 to 4th August 1802, drawn by John Glasfurd,

Acting Coininiifary General in the Windward and Leeward 1 Hands, for Pruvitions,

Stores, and other Extraordinary Expences of the Army there - - - 709,131

To 1)°, dated from lft December 1801 to 30th July 1802, drawn by Ale.\r Cockburn,

s. d.

ijo — —

250-----

69 —

1,110 10 j

18 6

Coniu 1 at Hamburgh, for the Pay of sundry Dutch Officers -

1 / ’/

£• * d.

7-534 19 9

To D°, dated from 8th July 1801 to 5th February 1802, drawn by Gen1 O’Hara,

Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry special Contingent Services ot that Garriluii - 130*1 To 1)°, dated 30th June 1802, drawn by His Royal Higlmels the Duke ot Kent, Governor of D°, for D° Services - - - - "

3 4

6,697 1 5

To D°, dated from 10th October 1801 to nth May 1802, drawn by the Acting Deputy Pay mailer at Gibraltar, for Bat, Baggage, and Forage of the Troops there. -

To D°, dated from 201I1 September 1800 to 8th of July 1802, drawn by the Deputy Paymaster at the Cape of Good Hope, for the Contingent and Extraordinary Expences of the Forces in that Colony -To I)0, dated from 26th June to 9th July 3802, drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the Province of New Brunswick, for the Extraordinary Expences of the forces in that Province -To Calli, paid by the Deputy Paymaster in* Canada, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Year, to 24th September 1802 -

To D°, paid by the Acting Deputy raymalter in Nova Scotia, for D° of D° in that Province, for One

Year, to D° - ......

To Count de Front, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, to complete the Payment of Six Months Subfuly, to 25th of April 1796 - - - "

To the Landgrave of Helfe Catiel, for Cavalry and Artillery 1 lories furnished to the Troops of ITis Serene Highness, and for Recruits for the said Troops, in the \ ears 1793> 1794,» an<^ 1795 To MeiVrs. Harman and C°, to be by them remitted to Russia, towards Payment of the Sums that may be due to his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Russia, under several Treaties - -- -- -- - - 200,000 —

Dedud, Cush received from Mr. S. Thornton, being Money in his hands applicable to this Service - -- -- -- -- 94,000-----

To J. Panter, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for the Esaminatioi Expenditures in the West Indies, for Incidental Charges under the said C<u

lation of Public

penditures in the West Indies, for Incidental Clmrges under the said Commission -To Alexr Davison, Esq. for Commission to his Agent on Provisions pure haled at Mali tax To Wm Hufkiflon, Esq. for certain Supplies of Cloathing, and oilier Articles for the Native Troops in the Itland of Ceylon, and to pay Advances to the Oiiicers going out To C. It. Broughton, Esq. to enable him to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Kl IJonble Willm Wickham, who was appointed on a Special Million abroad, in order to inspect the Commissiiriat Department on the Continent To Wm Merry, Esq. for 11 is Majesty's Proportion of 1,022^ Chaldrons of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, for the l ie of the Ganilon, between 31ft -May and 2d July 1801 To D°, for additional Duties, Freight, Demurrage, and Iniunuiee on D° Goals -To Monsr Jean Peltier, Agent to Monsr Ptiecli, for a Balance due to the said Monsieur Puech, for sundry Articles of Cloathing and Accoutrements furnished for the L fe of a Corps of Black Chalfeurs employ ed in His Majesty's Service in St. Domingo, in the Year 1795 ——

To Mrs. Jane Wegg, Widow of E. R. Wegg, late Attorney General of the Bahama Islands, for certain Expences incurred by her late llulband ill the Colt of Materials, Negro Hire, &c. and for Buildings on a Tract of Land in New Providence, purebaitd for the Service of the Troops - -

To Mr. J Panter, for Incidental Expences of the Commission for examining the Accounts of Public Expenditure in the West Indies . -

To the'Representatives of Sir C. Stuart, for Equipage Money on his Appointment as General and Commander in Chief of His Majesty s Forces in Portugal in 1706 To Mr. Louis RetJin, for so much expended by him on Account of the Army when at Courtray in 1794 ——

To Meffis. Munro and Co. for an Indemnification for Lodes fultaiiied by a Contract entered intoT>y them to furni/h Cattle to the Army in the West Indies To the Re prefen tati ves oi the late Sir Cha8 Stuart, for Expences incurred in preparin'* to take the Command of the Forces in the Mediterranean ——

To Capt. Walter T remenheere, of the Marines, for the Expences incurred determined by him while i he the Offices of Commandant and Joint Governor of the Bland of Curacoa To Gen1 O Mara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar from ill January to 30th June 1799 - - - - . - - ~ 1

To D°, for I)°, from 1 July to 31 Dec. 1799 - - - - .• »

J 0 D°, lor D°, irom 1 Jan. to 30 June 1800 - - 1- - - , -

To I)0, for D°, from 1 July to 31 Dec. 1800 - - - -,

1 o D°, for D°, irom 1 Jan. to 30 June 1801 - -

To the Earl of Dunmore, to reiiuburfe the like Sum expended by him ui d-fondim* Two Actions lor Interest, &e. on Two Bills drawn by him, when Goveniui of the Bahama Islands, on the Commissioners of the Treasury, winch were returned pro lofted To Mr. John Miller, one of the Council of the Bahama Blands, for Lollhs fuitained determined by him ui consequence of sundry Bills drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, late Governor of the said Blands on the Commissioners of the Treasury, having been refnfed Payment T° r'iai! ;(n"r(euav- <t»r Stationary delivered for the Public Service in Canada

lUperin.to,d8"t at_Iiond?ras> ,to *

To the ReprcienUitives of Nathaniel Whitworth, for the Balance of his Account L i ,* Depute Cninunttary General at Minorca, from 24th Aimtft to v>th N. 1’ '* ‘llK

■T° \\- Gn PuT- ,0r his ‘Vont the "vS

0 71.1* Hilhar, lor I lories, Waggons, and Forage, supplied determined by him tn *\ win 1 it fervirii* on the Continent, in 1706 and 1797

the Forces

310 7 2

3.000 -

1.000 — — fi.55 6 —

2,139 2 10

1.000 -

692 16 -r-

75 Q —

21 () 3

69 14 6

112 5 2

47 12 4 141 2 11

3,’D7 —

573 1 —

209 4 1

130-----

To W® Chinnerv, Esq. to reimburse the like Sum paid determined by him m v m c " ’ "

J^ant 10 the Carolina Corps of Artificers for Work dnno 1 i- ' mizer, late Ser-

panmeat, at Guadeloupe l_n,t, LC_r!>> lu_‘ " ork determined by lain a, the Engineer L»e-

SJ

5 17

M53’9i*2-----

20,218 4 9

449 16 1 105,13310 1

2,000 -

119,544 12 3 63,286 9 3

52,000 -

33,450 18 8

10(3.000 -- —

E5°o-----

60 8 7

5,000 -

: 2,325 6 —

1,584 17 6

4,072 1 6

1,813 10 —

Carried forward

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

800

Dates of Payments.

1802. December 23d.

Brought forward

To Wm Merry, F.fq. for His Majesty's Proportion of 944 J Chaldrons of Coals, sent for the Service of the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To D°, for additional Duties, Freight, and Insurance, on D° Coals - -

M63 19 3,8oi 7

January 9th. To Sir \Vm Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1801 -

23d- To Mr. A. M. Browne, for 13^ Days Pay, us late Barrack Maher General at St.

Vincent, to 91I1 January 1802 -

26th. To Mr. Fergus l oiter. Executor to the late John Cavilier, one of the Surgeon's Mates to Livingstone’s iiospital in Long Island, North America, for Pay dut* to the said John Cavilier, from 25th June to the ill of October 1776 -

February 5th. To Mr. \Ym Hunter, for 183 Days Pay, as Apothecary in Great Britain, to 24th December 1800 ——

2ofh. To Mr. Samuel Rickards, as a Gratuity for his Care and Trouble in the Distribution of the Spivie sent to the Ii'l.md of Newfoundland, in the Summer of 1S00, for Payment of the Forres there -

t.3d. To Mr. E Home, for 36s Days Pav, as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1800 March 121b. To the ReprHentativ^s of the late Joft-ph Jennyn, for 00 Days Pay, as Apothecary to the Forces in St Domingo, to 24th of February 1796 - -

24th. To the Representatives of Gregory Townshend, for his Pay, for 296 Days, as Assistant Ctunniiliury in North America, to 22d Of October 1798 - -

April 2d. To LJ Col. J )i iuhwater, for 83 Days Pay, as Coinmissary of Accounts to the Forces lately employed on an Expedition to Holland, to 91I1 of July 1801 -

To D°, for 83 l)uvs additional Pav, as D°, to D°

28th. To sundry Persons, on a Special Million to Constantinople, for 93 Days Extra Pay, to 2otii August 1801 -

To sundry D°, on D°, for 93 Days D°, to 27th November 1801 May 13th. To Mr. \\ Ilutchinfon. for 365 Days Pay, as Allistant Coinmissary in North America, to 29th October 1801 ——

15-h- 7o fun try Persons for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, for various periods -

To G. BriiWv, for 305 Days Pay as Coinmissary General of Stores and Provisions, and J. B. Butler, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Coinmissary of D° to the Forces laving in North America, to 24th of December 1800 -

27th. fI‘o Sir \\ m Fawcett, K.B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1801 -

28th. 7'o E. Kobinfon, Esq. for 267 Days Pay, as Vice-Agent for British Affairs in St. Do-

mingo, to 22d February 1801 29th. To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 132 Days Pay, as late Barrack Mailer General of St. Vincent, to 2 iff May 1802 -

June 2d. 7’o Ll Gen1 David Dundas, for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Quarter Master General,

to 24th June 1801 ——

4th. To Capt/Fho* II. 7*idy, of the Navy, for Pay as Civil and Military Governor of the Iilaiid of Goree, from 5th A prii 1 Soo to oth January 1801 -

15th. For the Pay of sundry General and Stuff Officers serving in Great Britain, from 25th December 1800 to 24th June 1 801 -

16th. To LJ Gen1 David Dundas, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1801 To D°, for 363 Days Pay of his 7’wo Assistants to D° -

2iff. 7’o7hos Nicola, for 90 Days Pay, us Surgeon to the Forces to 24th March 1799, and for 07' Days to 24th December 1799 -

7’o G urge Erinlcy, Esq. for 344 Days Pay, as Cuimnissary General to the Forces in North Aim rica, to 27th of June 1801 -

30th. 7 o the Jiepresentutives of the late Benj0 Keen, for 247 Days Pay, as Deputy Purveyor

of llospitals in the West Indies, to 30th May 1706 -

July 6lh. To Lieut. Col. Clinton, fur an Allowance, as Commander at Madeira, from 24th June 1 S01 to 24th February 1802 ——

15th. 7’o I.1 (Yl. IF M. Gordon, for 191 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General to the Forces

serving in India, to 24th August 1 So 1 -

2iff. To the Repv-eientatives of Sir (’ha* Stuart, for 43b Days Pay, as Governor of the Ilium of Minorca, to 23th March 1801 -

To the Duke <»f Richmond, for the Pay of a Supernumerary Quarter Master of the Royal Reg* of Hojte Guards, from 23th of December 1799 to 24th December 1800 7’o M. G. St. John, for 109 Days Pay, as a Major General in Great Britain, with one Aid de Camp, to 11th October 1800 ——

To Dr. J. W. Roberts, for 365 Days Pay, as Physician to the Forces in Great Britain, to 24th December 1800 - - . -

7Y> ('. Kerr, for 145 Da^s D°, as Assistant Inspector of IJospitals in D°, to 181I1 May

1801 ...... -

To Dr. J. Williams, for 182 Days 0°, as D°, to 24th June 1801 -

For Pay of lundrv Medical Staff Officers, for various Periods in 1801 -

7’o 7*110* Young, for 183 Days Pay, as Inspector General of llospitals in Egypt, to 24th December 1800 ——

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the IJospitals in Great Britain, for various Periods in 1799 and 1800 -

To T. Keate, Esq. for 365 Days Additional Pay, as Surgeon General, to 24th December 1S01- ——

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th December 1801, for his continuing his Corps iijILs Majesty’s Service -

7Y) Ja* Clarke, Esq. for 217 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in North America, to 3d October 1801 To J. Rennet Clarke, lor his Pay, as Affiffant Commissary of Stores, Provisions, and Extras of the Forces at Cape Breton, from 23d October 1798, to 25th August 1801 To Mr. Wm Pigby Luwlor, for 436 Days Pay, as Surgeon in the West Indies, to 3d September 1800 ——

For tljc Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the llospitals in Great Britain, for several Periods in 1799 and 1800 -

For the Pay of sundry D°, serving 111 D° in the War 1800 -

For the F i v and Forage Money of sundry General and Staff Officers, for various Periods For the Ray of sundry General and Staff’ Officers, serving in Great Britain, in the War 1800 -

To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 Days additional Pay, as Physician General, to 25th of December 1801- -

2 id.

24 th.

27th.

98th.

689 12 1

41 17 —

25 10 —

86 13 5

50-----

172 17 6

46 17 9

140 12 —

157 4 10

1(36-----

597-----

581 17 6

182 10 —

241 19 —

864

693

806

40

7

7 10 6 — 7 —

689 12 1

318-----‘

2,9*9 3 1

693 7 10 172 17 6

88 11 4

516-----

116 19 8

808 15 4

191-----

863 l8 -r-

146 18 10

258 2 6

345 *5 —

i37 7 — 172 8

210 5 9

520 ~ 11 660 14 2 518 12 6 75o —

162 15 — 518 10 — 206 10 —

1,700

150

129

6

2

8

Vo 1.. 58.

Carried forward

3,846 14 — 518 12 6 - *

9 U

£■ »-*,963>53° 10

d.

10

Appendix, (No. 230

14" Februai continued,

36,37° i 1

*>999,9°° 1} 11

810

Appendix.

A. 1803.

appendix,

(No. 23.)

4." Februarii,

continued.

Dates of Payments.

1802. June 29th.

31ft.

Atlguft 2(1. 4th.

5th.

10th.

11 th.

113 th.

28th.

31ft.

September 3d.

8th.

loth. 13 th.

14th.

i6th.

17th.

22d.

Odtfber 8th.

Sift.

25th. November 3d. 25th.

December 13 th.

22d.

23d.

24th.

Brought forward -

To Capt. James Rooke, for 365 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 3d of May 1706 ——

To Sir James Pulteney, Bart, for 106 Days Pay, as Lieutenant General in Great Britain, with two Aides de Camp, to 24th July 1800 -

To L* G1 Carleton, for Haifa Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1800 -

To L* Col. Walter Clitic, for 186 Days Pay, as Adjutant General to the Forces in India, to 19th August 1801 ——

For the Pay of lundry Medical Officers, for various Periods -

To Lieut. K. Griffiths, for superintending and forwarding llcferters to and from Ireland, from 25th December 1709 to 24th December 1800 -

To John Rulh, Esq. for 305 Days additional Pay, as Inspector General of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th December 1800 ——

To Major Gen1 R.R. Wilford, for 182 Days Pay, as Major General in Great Britain, with one Aid de Camp, to 24th June 1800 -

To Col. II. Calvert, for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1801 To D°, for 183 Days D°, as 1)°, to 24th December 1801

To Mr. R. White, for Half a Year’s Allowance, to 5th April 1802, for his Services us late Agent for the Honduras District -

To the lteprelentatives of the late John Ewart, Physician to the Forces, and Inspector General of Hospitals in the Itland of Ceylon, for Pay, from 24th of December 1798 to 12th March 1800 ——

To the Honourable Frederick North, for One Year’s Salary as Secretary of State for Corlica, to 8th January 1796 -

To L* Gen1 Carleton, for Halt a Year's Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th of June 1801 - - - , -

To Francis Downing, for Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces under the command of Sir Janies Pulteuey, viz. 31 Days to 24th of August 1800, and 61 Days to 24th December 1800 ——

To Charles Dalrymple, for 18 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary General in Madeira, to 11 th of September 1801, and for Two Months Pay of his Clerk -To L* Gen1 Leigh, for 15 Days Pay, as Major General, with one Aid dc Camp, in the West Indies, to 8th January 1797 - " "

To Lieut. Col. John Burnett, Military Superintendant of Hospitals, ior Pay ot hindell, and Ildident Superintendaiits under his command, from 30th May to 24th December 1800 -

To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1800 to 24th June 1801 -

To Mr. Itob1 Nicholls, for an Allowance as Acting Payinufter to a Brigade of Foot Guards in Ireland, from loth of June 1798 to 3d July 1799 -

To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1709 to 24th ol August 1800 -To M. Gen1 Simcor, to complete the Moiety of his Salary as Governor of St. Domingo, Iron* 10th July 1797 to 2d January 1798 -

To the Representatives of Sir Ralph Abercrombie, for the Diiference between his Personal Pay as Lieutenant General and a General 011 the Stall, from 25th of December 1709 to 4th May 1800 -

To Capt. \Vm Dixon, of the Royal Artillery, for Pay for Services at Port Royal in Jamaica ——

To Jonathan Ogden, for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces at Newfoundland, to 24th December 1800 ——

To Mr. Tho* Greet, Assistance Commissary of the Army lately serving on the Continent, for Tin Allowance for 321 Days, to 3ill January 1797 -

To Ll Col. Paterlbn, for 365 Days Extra Allowance as Assistance Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1801 To L* Gen1 Andrew Gordon, for 138 Days Pay of an Extra Aid de Camp, to pth November 1799 ——

To Lieut. Charles Moore, for an Allowance as Adjutant to the Troops at Plymouth, from ill July 1800 to 8th of July 1801 -

To L* Col. Frafer, for 152 Days Pay as Governor and Commandant of the Island of Goree, to 26 th January 1801 ——

To D°, for 44 Days D° as D°, to 11th March i8ot -

To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 123 Days Pay as late Barrack Mafier General of the Island of St. Vincent, to 2ilt September 1802 -

To Lieut. Colonel S. Moore, for Half a Year’s Allowance, to 24th September 1801, for his long Services ——

To D°, for I lull’ a Year’s I)°, to 24th of March 1802, for D° -To Count De Mcuron, for Half a Year’s Subsidy, to 25th Juno 1802, for coutinuiim his Corps in His Majesty’s Service To Mr. Jus Fitzgerald, for 72 Days Pay, as Apothecary to the Forces, to 24th October

1800 ......

To David Roberts, for 101 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade to the Forces at Home, to 24th June 1801 ——

To E. Home, Esq. for 365 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1801 To Rob* D’Arcy, Esq. Major in the Engineers, for Extra Pay for 3 Years and 229 Days, to 17th June 1802, as late commanding the Royal Engineers at Minorca To Dr. H. M‘Lean, for 761 Days Pay, as Aliistant Inspector of Hospitals, to 24th June 1801 - - - . _ _ _ _

To R. White, for Half a Year’s Allowance, to lft October 1802, for his Services as late Agent for the Honduras District -To G. Brin ley, Esq. for 331 Day* Pay, as Commissary General to the Forces in America, to 13th June 1802 -

To John Ciugie, for Two Years Pay, as Commiirary and Storekeeper of the Annv in Canada, to 25th December 1796 - - - _ v

142 11 3

502 — 11

200 — —

186

774 17 —

53 3 —

5i3 12 6

431 — —

43i — —

433 7 10

/o

1,3^9 — —

1,000 — —

250 — —

43 11 5

40 3 —

35 10 5

402 7 9

3*7 18 —

389 — —

243 — —

C09 17 9

248 3 7

3°3 15 —

172 17 6

80 5 —

86 8 9

0$ 7 2

59 2 —

— —

44 — —

37 13 —

75 — —

75 — —■

1,500 — —

34 2 —

47 16 8

272 17 6

1,986 — —

720 17 3

526 10

i»°95 ■

£. s. d.

L999.900 13 11

January 13th.

To Brook Watson, Esq. Commissary General of Stores and Provisions to mh»i )• "

icveral Articles for the use of the Forces that are to be supplied from his DnvirttT /V" to ^rov1^ ^IC To John Trotter, Esq. for providing llospital Bedding, Stores 6ic for the mi f Mr

For Bat. B:u:<lgo, and Forage for fumin' Corps of a,5 r °* the ’ -

and Stab OlHcers, and Officers of the Hospitals attending tlte Forces1* * olu&' lo *evn’^ General

Iroops in Scotland for the said period

»«e Tr o^u;re r «t;r'*'V'ax j

to the said Bank for pgvl(iln,

" ' * - - £.%

00 to 24th

17

Carriid forward

40,00- 3 8

148,07c - —

55,7°9 3 7

43>7C5

10

j *2,2$7»45£ n 2

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

Dates of Payments.

1802. May 17 ih

July 21 fl 29th.

September 22d. October 19 th.

January 13th February l6th March 5th. 18th. May lit.

September 2d. 13th*

Brought forward -

To Messrs. Fettrs, Tennant, and Mill, on Account of their Contradfc for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1801, 111

North Britain

To D°, for Sea Biscuit provided by them, and ltorcd in Edinburgh Castle, for the use of the Forces in 1)° ——

To L* Col. Dirom, for sundry Expences incurred by him as Deputy Quarter Master General in D°, for 1800 - - Y - -

To Da, for his Contingent DilLurfements as D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1800 - - - - * -

To D°, for I)0, from 25th December 1800 to 24th June i8or

To Col1 A. Muckav, for 1)°, as Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25th June to 24th December 1 800 -

To I)0, for D°, as 1)°, from 23th December 1800 to 24th June t8oi -To the lleprefriiUtives of Sir Ralph Abercrombie, for lb much expended determined by him in North Britain for Ills Majesty’s Service, from 25th December 1799 to 4U1 Mav 1800 7M Mr. W Fettes, for the Extra Expences of Oatmeal, Nc. furnished to the Forces in the l'everal GarrifoiiS in D1, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801

5,250-----

2,463 — 224 14 —

78

78 3 -

?s 2 —

78

no 16 5

4,260 17 9

To several Colonels of Regulars, Fencibles, and Militia, for providing Knapsacks for their relpecuve Regiments -

For liimlrv Articles of Cloathing. Accoutrements, and Ncceflarics, furnished for the life of the Forces, ami to Supernumerary Men and Augmentations to divers Corps -

To make good the Deficiencies on the Alignments of Offreckonings of sundry Corps that were reduced or diihanried at various periods -

For Grtvt Coats supplied to sundry Corps ——

F'or Lois of Baggage of sundry Ollicers on Foreign Service, to replace Accoutrements, &c. of sundry Corps, which we re iolt on Service or taken by the Enemy, and for Lois by Exchange on Bills drawn for the SubliUeiice of fundrv Corps abroad - - - -

To Mr. Window, to enable bun to make such Dilbui foments for Ilolpitals, &c. as may be directed by the Secretary at War ——

To G. Gamier, Esq. Apothecary General, for the Balance of his Bill of Medicines, Instruments, and Materials, delivered for the use of the Forces, from ill January to 31ft December 1800 -O11 Account of Pay and Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief’s Oliice, for One Year, to Michaelmas' 1802, and for Incidental Expences thereof ——

On Account of the Contingent Expences of the Adjutant Generals Office, for One Year, to Michaelmas 1802, and for Contingent Expences of the Deputy Adjutant General ——

For fundrv Contingent Expences of the Quarter Maiier Generals Department -

To fundrv General Ollicers, &c. for the Extra Expences of themselves and other Officers under their ' Command, for House Rent, Forage, Nc. - -

On Account of Twelve Months Contingent Allowances to the Field OHicers and Captains of the Toot Guards, to 24th January 1803 -

To Mr. William Gorton, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Foot Guards on Duty at St. James’s, &c. from 25th March 1801 to 24th March 1802 ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertising Deserters in the Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, from 10th of October 1801 to 19th June 1802 ——

To Lf Gen1 Uooke, to be paid over to the Governor of the Poor in Brilful, for the Expences for Pufifage, &c. of Dilch.nged Soldiers, their Wives and Children, from thence to Ireland -To Colonel Yorke, for the Half-yearly Allowance, to 24th June 1801, in lieu of Emoluments to the Deputy Lieutenant and other Officers of the Tower of London -

To Capt. John Towel], for Contingent Expences incurred by him while employed in Ireland on the Recruiting Service of the 27th Regiment ——

For the Diiicrenco of Exchange on l our Months Subsistenee, ifllied in Advance to the 9th, 48th and 49th Regiments of Foot, by the Treasury of Ireland -

For the Balance f Pay of sundry Non-rominillioned Officers and Private Men of the late Corps of Waggoners under the Direction of Major Jas Poole, and for divers Expences attending the lame For D° of fundrv I)°, of the late Corps of D°, under the Direction of T. G. L. Barrette, and for divers D° - - "

To Mr. Window, for the Balance of sundry Disbursements made by him oh account of the late Ilofpilal Corps, to 10th September 1700 -

To J. Turnbull, Ef<{. in Rcimbiirleinent of Expences incurred by him in purchasing various Articles for the use of Troops on Foreign Service ——

To the Rev'1 Jas Hodgson, for one Year’s Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, to 24th of December 1801, hired for the use of the Forces ——

To Wm Pollock, Esq. for Fees paid on the Creation of Lieut. Gen1 Sir J. H. Hutchinson, to he a Baron of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ——

ToMr. T. Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Foot Guards Rooms, Orderly Rooms, StUtlors, Savoy Prison, Knightsbridge, Hampton Court, Kew Barracks, and Recruit; House, in the Year 1800 ——

To D° for I)°, done in Repairs of the llorfe and Foot Guards in D° Year

7o Sir C. Morgan, Bart, for One Year’s Rent of the Premises occupied by him, in lieu of his Apartments at the llorfe Guards, to 24th December 1800 -

To L. Morie, Esq. for the Charges attending the printing and publishing of the Army Lilts for the Year 1 8 »1

To Ll Gen1 Rooke, to reimburse the Expence for PafTugo, Arc. to Ireland of Discharged Soldiers, their Wives and Children' ——

To the Earl of Balcarres, for the Rent of certain Premises occupied determined by the Secretary at War, in con-lrqtunce of the great Increase of Public Business, for One Year to Christmas 1800 -To Mr. F. F. Pcnundunit, lor Expences incurred in taking Charge of Dollars consigned to the Chevalier D’Alrneida. lor the Service of Portugal, from London to Portsmouth -

lo Wm Surtees, Esq. Receiver General of 7'axes for the County of Northumberland, for I lories for the Proviliunal Cavalry of the said County, and for the Relief of the Families of Ale/i serving ih that Corps -

To Melirs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, &c. of Ac4Is of Parliament for the use of the Army To 1)°, lor I)° Service - . - -

To Col. \orke, lor the Half-yearly Allowance to 24th December 1801, to the Deputy Lieutenant and sundry other Ollicers of the Tower of London, in lieu of Emoluments -

To John Roberts, Esq. for the Balance of the linal Account of Sir Wm James, Bart. Abel Smith, John Roberts, and Richard Atkinson, Esqrs. for victualling the Forces in Canada, pursuant to Contract, and for Interest thereon from 20th of June 1S00 to 20th August 1802 To Anthy Lech mere, Esq. Receiver General for the County of Worcester, for Expences in providing 1 lories for the Provisional Cavalry of the said County -

To L. Morse, Esq. for carrying on for One Year to Midsummer 1802, a progressive Lilt of Commissions of all the Oliicers in the Army * - * - - - - ‘ ......

Carried forward -

£■ *• d-

2,287,453 u 2

14-93° 17

3,027-----

15*732 1 ic*

37,202 3 11 6,35° 4 4

15»979 — 35-50° —

30.335 18 1

4.74° 5 3

1.659 8 7

1.8/3 *9 8

1 4

11,732 16 2

9.455 3 2

331 7 8

955 8 —

212 4

649 1 4

27 19 •

278 9 1

424 14:

669: 12 4

10,000 - - —

42 2 -

435 3 -

O O 1^ 0e 6

6,956. 4 S

345 5 — 1,368 19 10 697 17 10 241 11 —

85 li 3

3*219 n-

414 16 8

488 7 -J

in 4 —

3)202 18 lW 25G76 19 6 i°3 3 —’

'2>547>°4°

Appendft,

(No. 23.)

14’ Febru

continued. j

1

812

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

[4* Februa

continued.

Dates of Payments.

180a. September a 2d.

24th. Dtoihber $d. 22x1.

, Brought forward -

To L* Colo. Alex. Hope, for an Allowance as Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, in lieu of Emoluments, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1709

To A. Newland, Esq. for Intereli due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Money advanced by them for Dollars purchased for Ills Majesty s Seixice "

To P. CE. Irving, for providing Coals and Candles for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from -25th December

1703 to 24th June 1794 ----- - - - "

To \Vm Pollock, Esq. for Fees on the Nomination of Major General Lyre Coote to be a Knight ol the

Order of the Bath ——

To Ja‘Sadler, for providing new Carriages, Wheels, Magazines, Ilamefs, &c. for two ne>v-invented

Field-pieces attached to the 7th Regiment of Light Dragoons - - ......

For the Extra Allowance to the Troops, on Account of the high Price of Bread and Meat -

Deduct,

The Sums granted to His Majesty in the lull Session of Parliament, towards defraying

the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, for the Year 1802 - £. 1,600,000-----

And aSurn received from Brook NVatfon, Esq. for the Sale of 1 lories belonging to the

Royal Waggon Train, and other Comniillariat Stores ...... 2,913

— 4

Remains to be provided for

-£•

£. s. d. •2,547,040 2 7

204 4 —

c33 3 2 10 10 7

5si 19 8

25 5 — 86,520-----

2,655,004 5 —

1,602,913 — 4 1.03^.151 4 8

Pay Office, Horse Guards, \ 14th February 1803. j

P. George Craifurd,

Accountant General.

Appendix, (No. 24.) 2° Februarii.

ACCOUNTS of the TRUSTEES of The BRITISH MUSF.l'jf.

Dr

.... .... A State of the Account of The British Mufetim, 1802. -

- - - C’.

Cash due . f to Mr. Newland - £.1,077 13—7

6-atti Hue | to Mr plauta ... _ 6 4

Board W ages -

Bookbinding - - . -

Coals -

Garden Expences -

Incidental Expences -Rent and Taxes - —

Repairs -

Stationary -

Salaries and Wages ——

Cash in hands F^Mr'?,eW!Und 1 £'S 4

I of Mr. Planta - * 14515 lj

£■ *■ d-1 »°77 J9 4

- 149 IO —

- 11212 6

K34 15 —

- 70

- 258 1 8

- 413 * 6

436 1 5

- 56 7 6

1,690 8 —

!} 173 *9 7

£ 4,602 16 6

per Cent. -

The King’s Librarian's Sal&r^, 9 Quarters

Part of the Parliament’s Grant of 1801 remainder laid out in the purchase of Exchequer Bills -

The Parliament’s Grant of 1802

Expenditure of 1802 - - - - a

Repairs, according to the Surveyor's Eft imate -

An ESTIMATE of the Account for 1803:

£■ *• d-3.350 1 7

1,000 — —

4>35 7 7

Bv Cash in hands

f of M ( of M

Mr. Newland Mr. Han la

Bank Annuities The King’s Librarian’s Salary Three Exchequer Bills -Deficiency -

7th January 1803.

£■ *■ d.

CO

- 900

- 560 10 6

the

three

T 301 3

-1S41 3 —

c .*#• 4,602 16 6

- 28 4 6

- 145 ‘5

- 9UO

- 049 2 —

- ,2.500

> 527 6 —

4,35° 7 7

Accountant.

Appendix,

(No. 25.)

3° Februarii.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the MONIES, given for the Service of the Year 180a, have been Disposed of; distinguidied under their several Heads; so far as relates to that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain.

SERVICES.

£. s. d.

721,500-----

For Wages of 130,000 Men, including 30,000 Marines; for Three Lunar Months, commencing the hr ft day of January 1802, at the rate of £. 1. 17. per Man per Month For Victuals for the said 130,000 Men; for the same time,

at the rate of/. 1. 18. per Man per Month - - 741,000-----

For the Wear and Tear of Ships, in which the said 130,000 Men are to serve, for the lame time, at the rate of /. 3.

per Man per Month ----- 1,170,000 —*-----

For defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy; for the lame time ...... - 210,604-----

For defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of D°; for the same time ......

For the Expence 01 the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health; for the same time - -

...... 300,000 i— —

233,633-----

Borne forward

- £ 3.436,73?-----

Sum

Voted or Granted.

Sum Taid.

Remains to be Paid.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

813

4 i

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward - - 3,436,737-----

—■ N a v Y—contiti ued.--

For the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War; for Three Lunar Months, commencing the lit day of January 1802 For Wages of 130,000 Men, including 30,000 Marines; for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th day of March 1802, at the rate of £. l. 17. per Man per Month For Victuals for the said 130,000 Men; for the same time, at the rate of/. 1. 18. per Man per Month For the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said 130,000 Men are to serve; for the same time, at the rate of £.3. per Man per Month -

For defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy; for the same time -

For defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of D°; for the same time -

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health; for the same time - -

For the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War; for the same time -

For Wages of 88,000 Men, including 18,000 Marines; for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d day of May 1802, at the rate of/. 1. 17. per Man per Month

For Victuals of the said 88,000 Men; for the same time, at the late ol /. 1. 1S. per Man per Month - »-

For the Wear and Tear of tlio Ships in which the said 88,000 Men are to serve; for the same time, at the rate of £. 3. per Man per Month - For defraying the Ordinary Eliubliffiment of the Navy; for One Lunar Month, commencing the 21ft day of May 1802 - - - ‘ -

For defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of D°; for the same time -

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of W ar in Health; for the same time -

For the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War; for the same time -

For Wages of 70,000 Men, including 14,000 Marines; for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th day of June 1802, at the rate of £. 1. 17. per Man per Month For Victuals for the said 70,000 Men; for the lame time, at the rateof/. 1. 18. per Man per Month - For the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said 70,000 Men are to serve; for the lame time, at the rate of/. 3. per Man per Month - For defraying the Ordinary Eliablishment of the Navy; for the same time - -

For defraying the Extraordinary Eliablishment of D°; for the lame time -

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health; for the same time -

For the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War; for the same time -

For an Increase of Half Pay to Commission Officers, and of Additional Pay to Warrant Officers of the Navy; for Six Months, commencing the ill day of July 1802 -

28,000-----

481,000-----

- 494,000 —

780,000 — — 140,403 —

155,756 —

240,000 — — 15,000 — —

162,800 —

167,200 «—

264,030 — —

70,201 — — 77,8781—

109,000 — — 3,000 —-

906,500 — —

- 931,000 —

1,470,000 — —

: 637,316 17 306,-233 — -

608,548 15 1

12,000 -

Sum

Voted or Granted.

Sum Paid.

£■ •-

Remains to be Paid.

S' d.

Appendix, (No. 25.) 23* Feb

continued.

Towards discharging the Debt of the Navy

-Ordnance

30,000 — — - 2,000,000 — -

' 13.526,573 12 6

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 130,000 Men are to serve; for Three Lunar Months, commencing the iff day of January 1802, at the rate of 5s. per Man per Month § ——

For Ordnance for Sea Sendee on board the Ships in which the said 130,000 Men are to serve; for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th day of March 1802, at the rate of 5$. per Man per Month - For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 88,000 Men are to serve; for One Lunar Month, commencing the 2 2d day of May 1802, at the rate of 5 s. per Man per Month -

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 70,000 Men are to serve; for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th day of June 1802, at the rate of 5 s. per Man per Month - For the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Months of January, February, and March '1802 ——

For D°, for the Months of April and May 1802 For D°, for the Month of June 1802 -

For D°, for 6 Months, from the iff day of July to the 31ft day of December 1802

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in 1800 -

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by D°, and not provided for by Parliament in the year 1801

/ 97,500 —

65,000-----

22,000-----

122,500 — —

400,000

266,666

*33>336

13

6

- 272,266 9 7

17,088 3 4

- 102,917 5 9

Carried forward -

Vol. v

‘3.526,573 1a 6

1,499,274 i9 8

15,025,848 11 2

9X

600,000 — —I 899,274 18 f

14,126,973 12 61 899,274 18

814

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

No. 25.)

•* Februari,

continued*

SERVICE S—continued.

557.499 *6 3

- 634»23» * 7

9,370 H 3

95,000

21,000

6 8

Brought forward - -

-----Forces.-----

For defrayinz the Charge of 58,718 Effedive Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other Mis- Majesty’s Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, mid in Jerl'cy, Guernsey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24th day of March 1802, both incJiifive, being qo Days -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Mope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Otlicers, Non* romnriillioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge ot Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters; from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24-th day of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days -

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24th day ot March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for llis Majesty’s Land Forces; of the Allowance lor Watch Coate for the Infantry; and of extra Forage for the Cavalry, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24th day of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 D ays -

Fur defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Guernsey,

Jersey, and Alderney; from the 25th day of December 1801 to the 24th day of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time - For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time - For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces; for the lame time - For defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments under mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; viz. To the Pay-niafter General; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; and to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; for the same time -

For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Otlicers and Private Men of llis Majesty’s Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer; for the same time -Upon Account of the Reduced Ollicers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; and for defraying the Charge of Allowances to one Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to one Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards; for the same time -lor defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of his Majesty’s British American Forces; for the same time - -- - 14,794 10

On Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General; for the same time - -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Ilolpital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital; for the same time ——

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the lame time -

For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the tame time ......

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of threat Britain; for the same time -

('r.n Charge of Pay for the Militia, re-embodied

ififn * Majesty s Warrant dated the 3d day of August gxnt. 0t^er Expences attending their being called

> med up to the 24th day of December 1801 inclusive -

- 379,178 ^9 8

12,500 — —

6,253 17 4

27,256-----

- 105,000 — —

34,273 19 5

246 11 6

36,651 12 —

5,292 7 i

180,000 — —

146,160 — — 117,969 19 6

Borne forward -

114,000 — — -

Sum

Voted or Granted.

£■ d.

15,025,848 11 2

15.025,848 11

Sum Paid.

£. s.

Hi12®,573 12 6

ltemains to be Paid.

£■ *• d.

899,274 18 8

4114.1*6,573 1a

Fdl

F01

c

SI

r

e

0

ti

i!

3

it

Fcr

IQ

at

of

1

cc

Cl

tt

b

ar

tii

Fur!

in

th*

k

hi

11,

td!

D;

Oti

U, I

A?

&>i

i,v

kii

‘ror,

Cij,

\L

•fir

lit

coir

tr/(

two?

U/A

Iff.jr

899,974 18

- by

o

43 Geo. iiii

Appendix.

815

SERVICE S—continued*

Brought forward

*-----Forces—continued.-----

For defraying the Charge of 61,176 Efle&ive Men, for Guards,

Garrisons, and other His M a jetty's Land Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Jersey,

Guernsey, and Alderney; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days - 398,577 4

For maintaining His Majesty s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving in Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Nnn-commissioned officersand Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; for the same time ----- 386,657 li 10

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in Fall India; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of May fol-

Sum

Voted or Granted.

Sum Paid.

•15,025,848

d.

2

L

*4* 73

d.

Remains to be

aid.

lowing, both inciuiive, being 61 Days

6,351 5 3

99,064-----

" 15,5U-----

- 238,000 —

- 202,555 15 2

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time ----- 40,1^9 7 10

For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time ——

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain; for the same time - For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain; for the fame tune - For defraying the Charge of 61,176 Etfe&ive Men for Guards,

Garrisons, and other 11 is M;. jesty's Land Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Jersey,

GuernlVv, and Alderney; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-corn-millionedOinrers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains anJ Riding Mailers; from the 25th day of May 1802 to the 24th day of June following, both inciuiive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers -

For maintaining IIis M ijefry's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances £0 he made to Captains and Riding Mailers; for the same time, according to their present Eliablishment; and for reducing their Numbers - -- - 196,498 2 5

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time, according to their present Establishment; and for their Reduction ----- 20,424 2 4

For defraying the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other I Iis Majesty s Land Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th day of June 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inciuiive,

being 183 Days .... - 764,391 3—

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and in New South Wales; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; for the same time - - 352,844 1 1

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of June

following, both inciuiive, being 92 Days - For defraying the Charge of D°> from 25th June 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days ——

3,227 13 9

" *7>*99 9 —

Borne forward -

15,035,84* "

£. s. 899,27+ 18

d.

8

14,136,573 13 6J 8W,374 1*

by

Appendix,

(No. 25.)

23* Febn

continued.

1

j

816

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Lppendix,

;no. 25.)

(• Februariiy

continued.

SERVICE S—continued.

- 100,855 3 10

Brought forward *

-----Forces—continued.

Upon Account, for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces; and of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the -25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive,

being 275 Days ...... " 77>500

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and >. Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of June following, * both inclusive, being 92 Days ----- 13,847 —

For defraying the Charge of D°; from the 24th day of June 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days - -- - 17^32 10

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days - ~ " " 27,754 4 11

For defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Ex peaces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; viz. To the Paymaster General; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; and to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; for the same time - For defraying the Charge of the Inereased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer; for the same time -Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days -

Upon Account of D°; from the 25th day of June 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days -

For defraying the Charge of Half Pay, and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days On Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General; for the same time -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea lioipital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital; for the same time - -- - 156,511 11 2

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the same time - - -16,17122

For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of March 1802 to the 30th day of April following, both inclusive, being 37 days - - 72,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th day of May 1802 to the 24th day of December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days ----- <297,184-----

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain; for the same time, including the Expence of

disbanding several of the said Corps ...... 321,800 14 —

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; for the

year 1802 ...... 600,000-----

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces in the year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament - - 1,847,174-----

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain, for the year 1802 - - - - 1,000,000-----

- 140,000 — —

35,035 12 3

- 144,500 —

45,205

53

9 7 8 5

For defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College; for the year 1802 For defraying the further Expences expected to be incurred in completing the Buildings of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the Reception of the

Children of Soldiers ......

To discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List on the 5th

day of January 1802 - - ......

Towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the a pUm °*T^rec Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of

otherlEjiche^aer V" \*°1 ’’ (th\iemMD^_Suln ^replaced by

Boras forward - - m

Sum

Voted or Granted.

Sum Paid.

£■ s.

15>095,848 U 2

10,211,796 — 11

6,369-----

13,000-----

99,053 -

1,500,000-----

97,747,066 is 1

£■ s- d-i4>19t,573 19 6

Remains to be Paid.

£■ *• d.

899,274 18 8

10,211,796 — 11 6,125-----

13,000-----

990,053-----

1,500,000 — —

2°, 847,547 13 5

244 —

899>5i8 18

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 817

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward -

For paying off and disc barging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the 39th and 40th years of the Reign of 1 i is present' Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commilliouers of His Majesty's Treasury to u issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or u Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service ol " the year 1800, and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of w England to advance Calli or Bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of " Foreign Subsidies or Services abroad, outttanding and unprovided for" -

TO make good the like Sum which has been ilYued determined by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to AddrelVes of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament -

FOR defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments under-mentioned;

Viz.

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada *n America; from the lit day of January to the 31ft day of December 1S02

- - - of Nova Scotia in America; from D° to D°

- - - of New Brunswick in America; from D° to D°

- - - of the llland of St. John in America, now called

Prince Edwards llland; from D° to D°

- - - of Cape Breton in America; from D° to L)° - -

- - - of Newfoundland in America; from D° to D° -

- - - of the Bahama Islands in America; from D° 10 D°

- - - of the Bermudas or Somers islands; from 1)° to D°

- - - of the llland of Dominica; from D° to D°

- - - of New South Wales; from D° to 1)°

- - - of Sierra Leone, One Year, to the 31 ft day of De-

cember 1802 -

To be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa -

For the Relief of the fullering Clergy and Laity of France, and American Loyalists, for the Months 01 January, February, and

March 1802 - -- -- 69,000-----

For D° - for Nine Months, ending the id day of January

1803 ...... 173*535 -

For - - - D®

For - - - D°

For - - - D°

For D°

For - D°

For - - - D°

For - - - D°

For - - - D°

For - - - D°

For - - - D°

For His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Service, for the Months of January, February, and March 1802 For 1)° - for Nine Months, from the lft day of April 1802

to the id day of January 1803 -

For defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Months of January, February, and March 1802 -

For D® - for Nine Months, ending 3id December 1802

12,500-----

90,000-----

8,000

3L024

100

TO make good the under-mentioned Sums, which have been issued Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues is to say:

To George Dance, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves,

Esquires, Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 41 d year of the lteign of His present Majedv, for the purchase of Buildings for the Accommodation of both Houses of Parliament - For the Expence of publishing Weekly the Average Price of Sugar and Rice in The London Gazette -To Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abdrads to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain - -

To Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts -To the Magistrates of the 1 hames Police Office, to enable them to defray the Expences of extending their Establiilmient, and guarding the River below London Bridge -To John Rickman, Esq. to enable him to defray the Expences already incurred in carrying into efied an Act of the 41ft year of the Reign of 1 iis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and u of the increase or Diminution thereof" - -

To Matthew Martin, Esq. towards carrying intoeft’eda Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis -To George Role, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office in the Semon 1800 and 1801 To Lord Walfinghani, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees 01 the House of Peers -To Wm. Chinnery, Esq. to be paid to Matter Thornton, as a CompensatioH for his Trouble in attending the Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison -To William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn for the Repairs of the Harbour of Port Patrick -To James Wyatf, Esq. to pay Artificers employed at both Houses of Parliament ——

To William Chinnery, Esq. to pay the passage of the Rev. Mader Rudd and Family to Quebec -

To William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn for the Repairs of Port Patrick -

To Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abdrads to be laid before Parliament of the Population of Great Britain -

at the; that

£. s. d.

300-----

466 10 —

2,707 18 —

1,500

135 H —

5°°

354

2,701

99

471

11 9

9 —

11 6 14 —

5,000-----

130

47i

11 — 14 —

500-----

Sum

Voted or Granted.

£. d.

27»747>°66 1* 1

1,066493 7 lj

14,049 14 —

7,95°-----

7.515 8 2.{

4,650-----

2.194 4 11

3.398 4 4.I

1,875 17 U

4,100-----

580-----

COO -—

5,908-----

10,000 -

20,000 -

242,535 —

102,500-----

39,024-----

Borne forward -

Sum Paid.

£. s. a. -6,847,54713 5

1,060493 7

14,04914 —

7,950 — 7,515 8 2I

2,325-----

2,194 4 11

3,398 4 4

1,875 17 *4

4,100-----

433 -

- *

5,9o8-----

10,000 -

18,000 — —

218,258 12 8

14*625 11 —

367601 13 61

Remains to be Paid.

899,518 18 8

Appenc ('i\0. 2_

7T 23’Fehri

continue

2,3*5

H5

600

2,000 — —

24,276 7 4

87,874 9

2,422 6 si

VOL. 58.

- £. 29,280,440 7 10^28,261,278 6 4jr 1,019,162 1 5

9 Y

Vioogie

818

Appendix.

A. 1803.

tendix,

'■ 25-)

7cbmariiy tinned.

SERVICE S—continued.

- a,044

Brought forward -

To Tho. Brodie, Esq. for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords - '

To Henry Swinburne, Esq. Commissioner for fuprrintending the arrangements for the Ueltitution of Danish Colonies To Charles Beaumont, Esq. for Expences incurred in making Copies of the Abstracts of the Population of England and

Wales ——

To Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Oihce for Auditing the Public Accounts -To Edward Colinan, Esq, Serjeant at Arms attending the Ilonfe of Commons, in reimburseinent of the Expences attending his removal from his late House in Exchequer Court, for the Accommodation of the Public -

To \\m Chinnery, l.fq. to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales, due in the year 1801, being the excels of the Sum granted by Parliament for that purpose -To - , - I)° - - - to pay a Bill drawn by John Falcon,

Esq. Consul at Algiers, for Expences incurred on account of two Iiundied and twenty-three persons, including a Corliean Crew, taken under English Colours, previous to the Engliili quilling Coilica -

To Henry Nettleship, Esq. for making np and publishing in The London Gazette, weekly Returns of the Average Price of Muico-vado Sugar, for One Vejr ending the iIt day of October 1801, and other incidental Charges attending the lame -To Capt. Hunter, late Governor of New South Wales, for Expences in providing necessary Supplies for Consumption on his Vo. age home from that Colony -To V» C liinnery, Esq. to be paid over to new Settlers on their Departure fur the Colony of New South W ales -

655 5 —

278 7 —

125 13 6

10 6

324 10 —

io,539 4 3

1,121-----

429 14

324 9 6

78 —

For paving the Intel eft on funilry Exchequer Bills made out by virtue ol several Acts of the 39th and 39th and40th anil 4lit years of the lleign ol his present

M a jetty ......

To nuke good the Money ifi'ued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for the lieduction of the National Debt, lor Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission ——

To make good the Money paid for One-third Part of the Annuity of £. 10,000. payable to the Duke ot Richmond, pursuant to an Act of the 39th and 40th years of his present Majestys Reign - -

To nuke good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer for Extra

Trouble in making out Exchequer I ills ......

To make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for Discount on Prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the year 1S01 -To make good the Money paid to the bank ot England, for receiving Contributions to the Loan, and Subscriptions to the Lottery, granted for the Service of the year 1801

To make good the Money paid for Incidental Expences attending the Lottery, for the Service of the year 1801 To enable his Majesty to make further Indemnifications to the Earl St. \ incent and Lord Grey, late Commanders in Chief in the West Indies, on account of Decrees against them in the High Court ot Admiralty, for the detention ot American Ships at the capture of Martinique and other places in the West Indies ——

To defray the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the year 1801 - -

For defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens for the year 1802, according to the provisions of an Act passed in the 381I1 year of His present Majesty ——

To make good to the Consolidated Fund, the like Sum paid out of the Revenue of Customs, for Bounties on Corn and Grain imported into Great Britain, to the 20th day of March 1802, which Sum shall be carried to and made part of Consolidated Fund at 5th April 1802 - £. 1,620,218 19 6.J

To make good the like Sum, paid for Bounties on Corn, Meal,

Flour, and Rice, imported into Scotland, to the 5U1 day of April 1802 - -- - 22,082 9 8;J

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

To be paid to Dr. Edward Jenner, as a Reward for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation, by which a mild and efficacious mode of luperleding that dreadful malady the Small Pox is established -To be paid to Henry Greathead, of South Shields, in the County of Durham, Boat-builder, as a Reward for his Invention of the Life Boat, whereby many Lives have already been saved, and great security is afforded to Seamen and Property in cases of Shipwreck -

To complete the Sum of £.3,100,000, granted out of the Monies that should arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the year 1801 For defraying the probable Amount of Bills drawn and to be drawn from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which may become due in the course of the year 1802 ——

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the year 1802 -

To be applied in support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the year 180*2 - - - - .

Towards enabling the Trustees of The British Museum to carry on the Execution the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament -

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in afliliing the said Company in

carrying on their Trade ...... - - . - -

o be paid to Mailer James Edwards, for the like Sum advanced by him towards the Loan for the year 1795, and which became forfeited to the Public by accidentally omitting to make the future payments -

Borne forward

- £-

Sum

Voted or Granted. I

Sum Paid.

Remains to be Paid.

£. s. d.

£• s. d.\ £. s. d.

29,280,440 7 10] 28,261,278 6 4.2’ 1,019,162 % 5A

L5oo-----

45,33* 17 6 2,824 4 —

7,620 — —

31,360 7 — 3,360 7 —-

505,520 9 1 505,52° 9 1

2,865 15 — 2,865 15 -—

144,611 2 — 144,611 2 —

500 — — 500

458,514 8 7 458,514 8 7

23*56* 3 4 23.562 3 4

1,500-----

45,332 17 G '2,824 4 —

4,000 — —

1,642.301 9 3[ 1,642,301 9 3}

200,000 — — 10,000 — —

1,200 — — 2,676,080 17 10.

30000 — —

3.000 -

1,500-----!

3.000 — —

5>°oo-----

1,108 16 —

35,077,842 17 6:

200,000 —

1,200 — — 2,607,061 3 10.

i8, Soo — —

3.000 -

1,500-----

3.000 -

5.000 — — 1,108 16 —

3)Cio — —

>3.-S>74>®4i * '

69,019 14

J 1,200 -

1,103,001 15

Si

1

F

F

T

4*.

Du

h

Li

k

Ini,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

819

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward -

For defraying the Expence of completing the Repairs of the Parish Church of St. M ar_.tret, Westminster -

The Amount of the Valuation of the Dutch Ships which surrendered to His Ma-jelfy* Meet under the Command of Sir Andrew Mitchell at the New Diep, on the ^rah dav ot August 1799 -

Excels in the year ending the 5th of January 1802 beyond the fam limited by an Act of the 3:d year of the l.eign of 1Jis present Majesty, as the Annual Charge for the Expen es of the Seven Police ^dices - -

For deiraying the Expences meuned in the I’roleculion of George Stratton, Esquire, and others, for depomig Lord Pigot, and usurping the Government ol 1011 S.unt George in the East Indies - -

For defraying the Expences incurred by the Sierra Leone Com pa* »\, lor Maroons, whi' h were lent ilieie trom Halifax - For deiraying il\e Evpences of the Comnnflion under the 6th and 7U1 Articles Oi the American I reaty -

For defraying Expences incurred in Printing the 54-th and ^5 ill Volumes of the Journals of the llouie ol t omniMb, with the Indexes th-aeio For defraying the Expellees likely to lie incurred for Printing the JouniJ* of it * House of Commons, for Printing and 1 ing the \'cues, and for Print.: b Bills, Reports, and other Papeis, determined by On^i »>, the Home of ( oTnnion*-, iiiir-ng the pretent Sellionol Parliament, lnnudim: 1 \ names o: Population Returns

For deiraying 1 \; ences incurred imdei the Direr a* ns of the Cnuumliiniiers ap-pointeo by His mr pulhiitiin. ’he Recijoi.- ot ism Kingdom

For deiraying Expences incurred t>y Me. rs. Eyre and Mruhan, m pu. luance of an Act of the 41 li year of the Reign ot Kn.g < *eorge 11 e J hud, lor raLing an Account of the Population ol Great Britain -

For defraying the Expences incurred in Alterations and Per ..irs of the Tv o Houses of Parliament, and of the llouie of the Speaks *»t the House 01 Commons ——

For defraying the Expences incurred in the Alterations that wre nereftary on the change of the Apartments allotted to the Ollice of the Diukv ot Cornwall in So me net Place ——

For defrayii g the Expences incurred in Repairs of the Meet Prison For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, ior the year 1802 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Sum ol £. 1,200,000, granted out of the Duties on Good.* imported and exported, and on Tonnage ol Ships and Veficis, for the Service of the year 1801 To make good the Deiiciency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the year 1800, at Lady-day 1802 - -- -- - ...

Sum Voted or Granted. Sum Paid. Remains to be Paid.

£■ '■ d. 35,°77.842 17 6s £. s. d. 33,947, S4i 2 1 £. s. d. 1,103,001 15 5I

<,500 4,500

199,812 14 7 199,812 14 7

1,290 4 — 1,290 4 —

1,184 10 7 1,184 10 7 \

5.903 19 8 5,903 19 8

11,948 7 — 11,04.8 7 — s

4,6o5 9 5 4,(i°5 9 5

12,000 11,744 16 3’ 255 3 8J

4,727 18 4 4,727 18 4

612 19 8 612 19 8

19,991 1 11 13,693 13 11 6,297 8 —

608 12 5 302 13 M 698 12 5 302 13 lj

6,012 14 1 6,012 14 1

410,000 410,000 t

420,774 18 — 420,774 18 —

36,191,200 — 4 :r-,< 81,352 | — i.ko,«57 — 3J

Append (\% a:

2 30 Fcbru

con t: nun

PAYMENTS for other Services, not being part of the Supplies granted for the Year: For Interest on Exchequer Bills raised per Act 39 & 40 Geo. III. cap.

For

For

For

For

For

For

D°

D°

D°

D°

I)°

D°

1)°

D°

D°

D°

1)°

D°

S. (f.

40 Geo. III. cap. 33. - - 163-4-25 17 ’£ ,

I)° - - - 4. - - 311.984 5 5

1)° - - - 83. - - 176,712 6 6

4* 1>° - - - 9* - - 126,157 12 6

- D° - - - 17. - 71,460 2 9

- I)° - - - 21. - 18,426 5 —

- C? 0 1 1 756 is 9

For Salaries of the Otlicers, and Incidental Expences of the Office of the Commidinners for Reducing the National Debt ——

To the Ollicers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills -To the Bank of England, for Discount on Prompt Payments to Loan £. 25,000,000 - £. 10,774 16

2,789 17 20,144 15 1

5\

J J

I)° - on Subicnption of £.50 per Cent, on the Amount of Exchequer Bills Funded

D° - for receiving and paying Contributions to Loan £.25,000,000 -

D° - lor D° Subscriptions of £*50 per Cent, on the Amount ol Exchequer Bills

Funded - -- -- -- 2,303 6

John Wilmot, Esq. for a Clerk employed on various Business and References relative to American Claims Incidental Expences attending the Lotteries 1802 -

d.

868,923 8

1,010 10 —

500-----

22,564 13 6

22,538 2 3

37i >7

3,600-----•

920,408 10 9

\V A Y S and M LANS for Answering the aforegoing S E R VICES*

4*. per Lib. on Pensions, Offices, &c.

Duty on Malt continued 1802 -

Surplus of the Subicnption on Exchequer Bills Funded -

D° - of Grants 1801, voted for 1802 -D° - of Grant 1801 to the Queen of Portugal, D° Exchequer Bills, per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 9. Lotteries, part of £. 555,000 (the remainder being for the Service of Ireland) -Loan, part of £. 25,000,000 - D° - D# -Interest on Land Tax Redeemed -Surplus Consolidated Fund -

£. *. d.

2.000. 000-----

750.000 —-----

180,874 2 2j

114.000 6 11

99,886 4 8

5.000. 000 — —

370.000 -

23,000,000-----

5,°i6 15 5

4,500,000-----

36,019,777 9

Memorandum:—£.1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills were authorized to be raised by Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 111. to pay oil' the like Sum in the possession of the Bank of England.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, \ 23d February 1803. 3

Amount of SUMS remaining to be paid, as per preceding Account -

Towards Payment thereof, there Remains in the Exchequer, and to be Railed, as follows; viz.

In Contributions to Loan DJ - - - to Lotteries -

- £■ 147.935 6 6J

20O,o8l 11 IO

408,016 18 4',

Deduct the Amount of Exchequer Bills

outllai.ding, charged on Aids 1802 - 300:000 *— —

18,010 18 qw

By the Amount of Payments for Services, not being part of the Supplies of the year, if the lame shall be made good by Parliament! - - - 920.408 lo 9i

Deficiency of Ways and Means - - £.

1.109.857 — 31

938,425 9 2

171.431 11 il

Joseph Alcock.'

820

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 26.)

j° Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of MONEY Received, and to be Received, by the Commissioners appointed by Stat. 35 Geo. III. cap. 12q.

and of the Appropriation thereof.

RECEIVED at the Exchequer, from 10th October 1794 to 5th January 1803 inclusive, being Eight Years and a Quarters Annuity from the Consoliduted Fund, at 60,000 per annum -Received from the Duchy of Cornwall, from 5U1 July 1795 to 5th January 1803 inclusive, being Seven Years and a Half, at £. 13,000 per annum - - -

To be Received at the Exchequer, on the Annuity of £.60,000 per annum, from 5th January 1803 to 5 th July 1806 inclulivt -

To be Received from the Duchy of Cornwall, for One Quarter, from 5th January 1803 to 5th April 1803 incluJive ——

£. s. d.

495,000 — —

97600 — —

210,000 — — 3,250-----

£■ ’■ d.

592,500 — —

•213,250-----•

805,750 -

If

PAYMENTS already made by Debentures, to 5th January 1803 inclusive - Principal. £■ i-417,129 11 8 Interest. £. s. d. 146,766 7 9 TOTAL. £■ s. d. 563.895 19 5

f ,8°3 I _ 1 3 QuarrS j 39615 4.676 7 3 44.191 7 3

Debentures issued, and which Will become payable in the years - * 1804 - 68,600 7,018 75,618

J 1805 - - 36,100 — 3.753 15 — 39.853 »5 —

V. 1806 - 74,000 — — 2,091 17 6 76,091 17 6

Total 218,215 — 17639 >9 9 235,754 19 9

Total Payments, and of Debentures issued - £. 635,344 11 8 164,306 7 6 799,650 19 2

Expences, at £.500 per annum, from 10th October 1794 to 10th Oftobc of Parliament 35 Geo. III. cap. 129. \ r 1806, as provid led for by the Act 6,000

Total Principal, Interest, and Expences - 805,65019 2

Balance in favour of His Royal llighness 99 —10

£ 805,750 —

Hett. Hodgson,

Secretary to the Commissioners for liquidating the Debts of His Royal Highness the Frince of Wales.

Vppendix,

No. 27.)

IRELAND.--TWENTY-SEVENTH REPORT of the COMMISSIONERS of ACCOUNT.

* Februarii.

SINCE the seventh day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the date of the last Report delivered to the Chief Governor, and to each House of the Imperial Parliament, the Commissioners have examined, and paiVed, the following Accounts:

COMMISSIONERS OF WIDE STREETS;—COAL DUTIES.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of, Dame Street, or Coal Duties; from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public ......

Received from His Majesty'sTreasury -

Rents ......

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Interest - -

Purchase of Concerns, Valuations, &c. Law Expences -Rent -Salaries -

Contingencies ——

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, os above

£■ *■ d-

3,236 13 8J

11,084 11 si

114 17 8

£■ 14,436 2 10

£■ *■ (i-

784 19 9

1,458 2 2

285

633 16 Q

£< 11,153 5 5

- 3.282 17 5

■ £■ 14,436 2 10

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

S21

2.

COMMISSIONERS of WIDE STREETS;—AVENUES from CARLISLE BRIDGE, SOUTH of the RIVER.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of, Avenues from Collide Bridge, South oi the River; lrom the lft day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

Append i

(No. 27

2 8° Fc hr 1

continued

THE CHARGE:

Received from His Majesty’s Treasury -

Interest on delayed Deposits on Loan to Commissioners of Wide Streets

£■ * 40,320 14 764 4

From Bank of Ireland on J. T. Kane’s Note, Fifteen Thousand Bounds, with One. hundred and Twenty Street-Debentures of Six per-Cent. as collateral. Ids Sixty-fmir Days Discount at-Five per-Cent. and Stamp Three Shillings and Three Bence; Fourteen thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Bence ;—alter carrying Six Thousand Bounds to Credit of account of Avenues for the North Strand—Balance ——

Received Rents -

Dcpolits ——

For Old Materials and Houses fold -

8,858 6

495 4 1,308 18 450 11

Total Charge

- £.

52,213 19

d.

9

3

7

3

7

3

8

THE DISCI! A ROE:

Balance of lull Account in favour of Accountants -

Paid Re ■nts -

- - Purchase of Concerns -

- - Contingencies ——

- - Salary -

- - Loan and I :u crelc ——

Certificates paid uif ——

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£■ a.

6,:?h 7 9

<2,1:9 h m

14’7-° —

5-9 13 8l

130 — —

£■ 51,026 7 4

- 1,18712 4

£■ 52.213 19 8

3-

COMMISSIONERS of WIDE STREETS LINE from DRCG11EDA-STREET to NEW CUSTO.M-IIOUSE.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of, King’s Letter, for the Line from Drogheda-Street to the New Cufroni-House; from the in day of January 1S01 to the 5 lli day of January 1802.

T II E C II A R G E:

Balance oflaft Account in favour of the Public -

Received, Runts -

From Bank of Ireland, Part of J. 1’. Kane’s Note for Fifteen Thousand Pounds, ordered by Commissioners to Credit of this Account -

Total Charge - - - £.

£■ d.

OO n4

339 3 2

6,000 — —

0,484 2

T II E D I S C II A RG E:

Paid, Rents - -

Paid J. T. Kane, to pay Bank of Ireland, Part of his Note to them -

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

£■ '• d.

103 17 6

- 6,000

- 6,103 17 6

- -4* 0 oc CO

~£- 6,484 2 l|

These Three Accounts of the Conrmi (Honors, for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, are properly Stated and \ouched; and supported by the Demolitions of the Treasurer, who depoled that they were just and true in every Particular,

VOL. 58.

9 z

Appendix

9P2

U/wV

A. 1803.

■ppendix,

Vo. i7.)

* Febrnari

Cvniinvcd.

COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS COMPANY.

The ACC O U NT of the Commercial Buildings Company of Dublin, of the Application of the Sums of Money received by them, under several Acts of Parliament, passed in relation to said Company; from the lft day of January 1801 to the 51I1 tkty of January 1802.

T II E C II A R G E:

Received at His Majesty's Treasury, on Account of the Duties chargeable on certain Entries at the Ciihom-House, within the Period of this Account ——

More Ditto ——

More Ditto ——

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance upon the Lift Account in favour of Accountants - -

Paid, Fees at the Treasury -

- - More Ditto ——

- - More Ditto ——

- - One Year’s Interefr on Twelve Thoufaml Five Hundred Pounds, the Debt of this Company

Tart of the Principal of said Debt, paid off on the ‘29th day of September 1801 -

Total Difchurge -Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -This Account is properly Stated and Vouched.

£- d.

53 2 ‘2 —

276-----

435 4* —

1,2.13 d —

£■ «• d.

59 - 8}

- — 4*

1 1

1 M 1 4W-*

- 1 1

- 03 O 0 1 1

- 1,110 15 2

- 132 IO IO

- £■ 1,243 6 —

5*

PORT AND HARBOUR OF DROGHEDA.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda; from the 25 th day of March 1800

to the 5th day of January 1802.

T II E C II A II G E:

Balance of last Account in the Hands of the Treasurer -

Received from the Collector of Drogheda -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Engineer for Men’s Wages and Sundries -

- - For a Boat -

- - lor'Iar, Pitch, Turpentine, &e. -

- - For Timber -

- - For Iron Work -

- - For Pumps for the Ponts ...... -

- - For Navigation House ——

- - For Glaziers Work ——

Rent of Stores

Pat MTiuirk, Six Months Salary

Paid for Stamps ......

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge as above -This Account is properly Stated and Vouched. -

£■ s. d.

- 10 G 16 1

400 — —

£■ 5"'j 10 1

s. d.

202 18 4

10 4 9

37 3 -1 ii

65 12 7

35 4 10

6 5 1

— 13 6

11 5 18 10

5 13 9

— 3 3

- 376 3 7

- 130 12 6

£■ 506 16 1

r

43 Geo. III

Appendix

823

6.

ROMAN CATHOLIC COLLEGE.

Append (No. 27 28° Febru

The ACCOUNT of the Tniftoes of the Roman Catholic College; pursuant to an Act passed in the 35th year of His present Maj city’s reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Education of Persons prufelling the Popish or Roman Catholic Religion from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.'

contuiun

THE C II A R G E:

Balance of lait Account in favour of the Public -

Received from His Majestys Treasury -

A Legacy -

Interest on Debentures - - - - * -

For Sundries fold -

Adniiliion Money from Scholars - -

Total Charge -

£■ s. d.

Jo/1 7 —

- 400

- 25

- 4°o 2 9I-

1,13d 2 8

£ n,‘>c>-2 12 5i

Paid for Provisions -

- Coals and Candles

- Looks, Stationary, 6cc. -

- Rent and Charges

- - Labourers, Horie-hire, &c.

- Furniture, iVc.

- - Buildings and Repairs -

- Salaries -

- - Servants Wages

- - Walking and Wages

- - Incidental Expences

THE DISCHARGE:

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

£■ s. d.

5,280 *9 if

303 11 9

137 8 . 4

81 H 7 i

107 4 11

4*7 12 7

1,842 *7

M97 id 0

173 2 8A

88 17 i°i

2(>5 18 4

10.197 4 —i

1.095 8

The Charge, as above

- L

11,292 12 5 j

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched, and supported by the Depositions of the Vice-President, Burfar, and Secretary, who declared that it was jult and true in every particular. Twenty Students have left the College, fully educated, within the year; and the number now in the House exceeds Two hundred.

7-

GOVERNORS OF THE HOUSE OF INDUSTRY.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the House of Industry; from the 25th day of March to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public ——

Received Parliamentary Grant of SHlion One thousand Eight hundred -

- - Five Years and an Half Interest on One Thousand Six Hundred and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings, lour per-Cont. Consols ——

- - a Bequrlt ——

- - Subscriptinns ——

- - Net Income from External Resources ——

- Net Ditto, from Internal Resources ——

Total Charge - £.

r. s. d.

L919 19 3i

1 L37° lb 3

382 H IO

20 — —

5 5 6

3?-51 4 11

Li«3 . 4 Hi

18,133 5 8

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Provisions -

- Coals, (’.indies, Soap, and Lamp Oil ——

- ih ds and podding ——

- - In'Minary Expellees ——

Oliicers Si.laiUs ——

- - Burial E\prtuces ——

- - Lem and faxes ——

- Building and Rf pairs -

- Furr, itu re and l’ lentils -

- Beadles Saliuies, and Expence of Ilorfe and Cart -

- - Menial Oi.L-xs -

- Stationary, Printing, and Advertising -

- - Contingent F-xperuv'S ——

- - Materials and implements for Labour ——

- - l)remiums to the Poor employed at Manufactures -

- - Per Centage, Frame Rent, Wages, &c. ——

Total Discharge - £.

Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above - -

£• s. d.

9,^9 2 8i

9^5 5 *71 7 i

91 11 2 h

238 3 9 h

517 11 3*

L3!9 13 4i

100 19 (i

213 4 11

M37 2 5i

154 6 —

25 5 11

178 3 2

57 H i

3d3 6 5

3 53 8 10

735 18 7

43 2 4 6

CO 00 "T 7 6Jl

649 18

18,133 5 8

This Account is properly Stated, and supported by Vouchers, and the Depositions of a Governor, and the Secretary; and the Institution

appears well attended to«

824

Appendix

A. 1803

pendix,

<o. 27.)

Fcbruam,

jn it nued.

8.

HIBERNIAN MARINE SOCIETY.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Hibernian Marine Society, from the ill day of November 1799 to the 25U1 day

of March 1800.

THE C H A R G E:

Balance in favour of the Public upon the lad Account -

Received a Moiety of an Arrear of Rent

- a Benefaction ——

- Dividend on Bank Stock ——

- Subscriptions ......

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Provisions ——

- - Clnathing ——

- - Furniture and Repairs - ......

- - Coals, Soap, and Candles ——

- - Rent ——

- - Stationary and Advertising ——

- - Medicines ——

- - Incidental Expences ——

- - Salaries, Wages, and Allowances -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

STA'TE OF THE BALANCE:

Bank Stock ——

Two l ive per-Cent. Government Debentures -

Calli in the Register’s Hands -

Add - - Diialiowance on a former Account -

Balance, as above -

£. s. d.

- 5,3*3 5 ii

64 8 6

<11 15 —

U39 15 —■

16 4 2J

£ 5,026 7 10 J

£. s. d.

- 274 9 9

146 io 6.|

- 75 14 3r

- 5*2 6 io-J

- 45

- 628

L5 7 —

- 4 *4

- 103 2 —4

£■ 7-3 7 H

- O 0 OO 1

£■ 5,620 7 io|

£. s. d.

4,300

200

- 3S9 L5 2J

13 4 11

■ £■ 4.903 —

i.i

5

1

1

1

9*

HIBERNIAN MARINE SOCIETY.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Hibernian Marine Society, from the 25th day of March to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance in favour of the Public upon the lad Account -

Received from IBs Majdiy’s Treasury -

Intension Debentures ——

Dividend on Bank Stock ——

Rent -

Tart of a ll.-qurd -

From tin* Commissioners of Lottery, for Attendance of the Boys ——

Amount of Collections in the Chapel -

Subscriptions ——

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Provisions ——

- - (’loathing -

- - Furniture and Repairs - - - -•

- - Coals, Soap, and Candles -

- - Rent -

- - Books, Stationary, &c. -

- - Outfit of Boys - - _ _ -

- - Incidental Expences -

* - Salaries, Wages, and Allowances -

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

£. s. d.

- 4,903 — ik

- 750

10

1 0 0 *0

1,461 14 —

- 22 15 —

16 17 8

108 1 3

£■ 7>44:> !3

£. s. d

755 18 10J

206 9 7i

81 8 1

7° 8 4

45 — —

44 18 3

19 2 3

IO 4i

212 8 6

J,461 4 3*

5-9-H 8 94

7? 445 13 -2

y- ^ccoim.^s are ProPprly Stated and Vouched; the Register was examined upon Oath, who declared that full Credit has been given

or a unis leceived, and the Sums disbursed lor the Institution are applied with the greatcit attention to aconumy.

« . c , STATE OF THE BALANCE:

Bank Stock ......

Hve per-Cent. Government Debentures -

, ll:un BurUm and John Hide, Elqrs. joint Bond for -

Aid m .1^< ^llters 1 lands - ......

( * - Diiullowance on a former Account

Balance, as above -

4,30°

200

1,200

271

L3

d.

»oi

11

5,984 8 9i

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

io;

GOVERNORS OF THE LYING-IN HOSPITAL.

The General ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Lying-in Hospital; from the 1 ft day of January 1801 to the 5th day of

January 1802.

AppendiJ

(No. 27.] 28° FcbrvA

continued:"

THE CHARGE:

Balance in favour of the Public on the last Account -Received by Collections in the Chapel -

Produce of Annual Charity Sermon -

Pew Money ——

Produce of Garden Music -

From sundry Perl'ons for erecting and supporting Beds in the Hospital Tax upon private Sedan Chairs -

Rutland-Scjuare Tax -

Produce of Rotunda and Rooms -

Benefactions and Legacies -

Produce of Card Assembly - -

Promenades ——

Receiv ed Rents ——

From Mr. Al'rley, pursuant to his Patent -Profit on T a el ve Guineas and a HailTold -

Received for the Grass of the Garden -

Received Interest on Debentures -

From Doctor Kelly for I’wo Female Pupils ——

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Expences of the Hospital Chapel -

- - Garden Music -

- - Rotunda and Rooms -

- - Poundage on Chair Tax

- - Expences on Rutland-Square Tax

- - I lolpital Expences

- - Expences ol Card AHembly -

- - Promenades -

• - Interest on Debentures

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -

£■ i. d.

1,018 2 S h

184 8 cl

»«3 18 4t

5 2 4i

uai 11 42

300 — —

IQS l6 —

34° 13

841 15 10

214 15 9

75 H ll

574 11 11

982 9 9

100 — —

— 13 6h

2 5 6

150 — —

20 — —

5,415

34

237

95

d.

6

8

1,006 16 10 9 18 7

301 10 5 2,405 18 2

23 16 4! '433 17 n§

680-----

5T94 9

2‘20 10 g|

5,415 — 3l

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched; a Governor, the Housekeeper, and Register, were examined upon OdLh, who declared the Account was jult and true in every particular.

II.

DUBLIN SOCIETY.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by an Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, by

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Received from His Majesty's Treasury -

- - from the late Register -

- - a Subscription -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid sundry Expences under the Head of. Agriculture and Planting -

Ditto - - under the Head of, Manufactures, Fine Arts, and Contingencies -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

1800

£. i. d.

1,04a 18 4}

5,335

• 73 19 55

aa 15 —

£ 6,474 12 10

£■ *■ d-

- 1,750 14 6J

- 3,160 1

£ 4,910 16 5

- 1,563 16 5

£■ 6,474 12 10

Vol. 58.

10 A

826

Appendix.

4. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 27.)

i# Februarii,

continued.

12.

DUBLIN SOCIETY.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by an Act or Acts of Parliament, or other wise, by The Dublin Society; from the 1 it day of January 1801 to the 5th day ol January 1802.

THE C H AR GE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Received from His Majesty’s Treasury -Subscriptions of Members -

Total Char Lie

THE DISCHARGE:

Taid fundrv Expences under the Head of, Agriculture and Planting -

More* under the Head of, Manufactures, Pine Arts, and Contingencies

Total Discharge -

Dedud the Charge

Balance in favour of Accountants

£. </.

3,602 16 11

9>7°°-----

1,882 19 3

- 15,185 16 a

£■ d.

- 4,975 ‘i

- 12,419 7 2

- £■ >7.394 9 5

15,185 16 a

- £■ 2,208 13 3

These Accounts are fairly Stated, and properly Vouched:—The Account of the Period between the 25th day of March 1S00 and the 31ft day of December, was stated in the lall Report.

TOTAL Amount of Engagements for the year 1802, including Balance, as above, in favour of Accountants - £. 12.542. 10. 5.

*3-

GOVERNORS OF THE FOUNDLING HOSPITAL.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Foundling Hospital in Dublin; from the 24th day of June 1799 to the 25th day of

March 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Total Receipt of Arrears and House Tax Total Receipt of Arrears and Rent Received from His Majesty’s Treasury -Incidental Receipts -

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Provisions -

- Cloathing - -

- - Manufactures -

- Repairs, &c. of Buildings -

- Garden Expences -

- Miscellaneous and House Expences -

- Salaries and Wages -

- Nursing Children -

- - Old Debts -

- - Part of Arrears due by Eugene Sweeney, late Treasurer

Total Discharge -

Balance of Cash -

Insuper of Auditors Pee on a former Account

£■ 814 4

The Charge, as above ST AT E of the FUNDS on the 25th day of March 1800:

Amount of Debts due on the 24th day of June 1709 ——

Add - - the Expence anting to the 25th day of March 1800.

Debt and Expence - - £.

Of which there has been paid

The Debt therefore remaining unpaid on the 25th day of March 1800, is -

To answer which, there are depending the following Sums; viz.

Amount of Insupers and bad Debts' -

Balance due by the late Treasurer ——

Amount of House 'Pax depending on the 25th day of March 1800 - -.

Ditto - ot Rent of Eliate outstanding on Ditto ——

Balance ot Parliamentary Grant remaining in His Majesty’s Treasury on Ditto ——

Balance ot’Calli remaining in the Bank on Ditto -

Iniuper ol Auditor s Pee on a former Account -

Total Funds depending - - £.

Balance in favour of the Charity

£■ S. d.

809 9

6,878 3 9§

72 17 -—

8,000 - —

131 12 7

£ 15.891 H ii

£■ s. d.

3.i9 12 6

i,7°5 16 -i

19

- 802 1 73

84 9 1

1,458 3 6

1,398 9 4

5,034 2 11

19 H 3

163 11J

£■ 0 1 15,067 9 5

00 4 H

£■ 15,891 H jJ

£■ s- £■

i4»ol3 5 5 14,996 6 6i

29,009 11

14,904 8

5y

14,105 3

412 19 9i £. 14,518 3 3

r

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

827

14-

GOVERNORS OF THE FOUNDLING HOSPITAL.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors of The Foundling Hospital in Dublin; from the '25th day of March to the 3lit day of

December 1800.

Append! (No. 2.7 28° b'ebri'u continued

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Cash on the 25th day of March 1800 Insuper of Auditors Fee on a former Account Total Receipt of Arrears and House l ax Total Receipt of Arrears and Rent Received from His Majesty s Treasury -Incidental Receipts -

Total Charge - - £. 18,903 1 8

£■ S. J.

814 4

IO — —

12 3-1

7 —

11 7$

!23 6 1

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Provisions -

- Cloathing -

- Manufacture*

- - Repairs and Alterations of Buildings

- Garden Expences -

- Miscellaneous and House Expences

Salaries and Wages -

- - Nuriing Children

Total Discharge Balance of Cash remaining

The Charge, as above

STATE of the FUNDS on the 31ft day of December 1800:

Amount of Debts due on the 25th day of March 1800 -

Add — Expence arising from the 25th day of March, to the 31ft day of December 1800

Debt and Expence -Of which has been paid

To answer which, there are depending the following Sums; viz.

Amount of Insupers and bed Debts -

Balance due by the late Treasurer, up to the 31ft day of December 1800 -Amount due by sundry humified Collectors of House Tax, to the 24th day of June 1800 Amount of House Tax, depending on the 31ft day of December 1800 -

Ditto, of Rent of Effete, oiitltunding on Ditto -

Balance of Parliamencary Grant remaining in His Majestys Treasury, on Ditto Balance of Cash remaining in the Bank, &c. on Ditto -

Total Funds depending -From which deduct Amount of sundry Sums (truck off by Commissioners of Imprest Accounts

The Amount of the Funds then is -Balance against the Charity

The Debt, as above -

£. sd. 5,02(5 14 o !)•* 18 3i-842 8 Q

779 17 10 JiJ 2 10J L593 S 6f 1,528 8 7.1

6,0+6 7 2

17.741 3 9

l,l6l 17 Ilf

18,903

£■ d.t 14.105 3 6 16,826 12 1

£■ 30.931 15 7

- 17,609 15 lof

1,519 1 4

- 7/0 13 if

- 129 5 4i

4,538 1 8f

132 8 —

- 4,021

1,161 17 nf

£ 12,272 7 6

- 1,186 16 4

£■ 11,085 11 2

- 2,236 8 6|,

£■ 13,321 19 8f

i. rfi

13.321 19 8f

»5-

GOVERNORS OF THE FOUNDLING HOSPITAL.

The ACCOUNT of tho Governors of The Foundling Hospital in Dublin; from the 31ft day of December 1800 to■the 5th day of

January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Caih on the last Account -

Total Receipt of Arrears and House Tax -

Total Receipt of Arrears and Rent -

Received from His Majesty's Treasury -

Incidental Receipts -

Total Charge -

£. s. d.

I,l6l 17 Ilf

- 7,992 6 7

68 7 6

18,571

857 12 9

£■ 28,651 4 9f

Paid for Provisions - -

- (loathing

- Manufactures

- Repairs, &c. of Buildings

THE DISCHARGE:

Qarried forward - -

£■ s. d.

«,725 1 8

U343 15 2

1,760 13 —

1,868 3 9

11,697 13 7

828

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ippendix,

No. 27.)

0 Februarii)

continued.

!c___The Account of the Governors of The Foundling IIofpitui in Dublin continued.

The Discharge—continued# Brought Torward - f. 11,097 s. d. >3 7

Paid for Garden Expences - *■ - Milcellaneous and house Expences - - Salaries and Wages ----- - Nurling Children - - 226 1 2 1,986 18 11 2,3^5 7 7 8,75a 1 9

Total Discharge - - £. 25,029 3 —

• Balance of Calli remaining 3,622 1 Pi

The Charge, as above - - £. 28, 651 4 Pi

These Three Accounts are regularly Slated, and properly Vouched. A Governor, the Register, the Accountant, and the Providure of the Foundling Hospital, were examined upon Oath. They depoied, That full Credit is given by them for all Sums received by them, and all Sums are dtfburled without any Deduction or Discount whatever.— 1 he Governor hated, that the Sums con.idered as bad Debts are, in his opinion, totally irrecoverable; and prayed therefore that the Dine, amounting to One ihouiand I wo Hundred and llnrty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Sixpence, may be ltruck oti trom the Statements oi their 1* unds; but, should any part of the lame be unexpectedly recovered at a future day, the lame inall be debited in their Accounts.

The Commilliojiers therefore, in pursuance of Powers vested in them for that purpose by an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland in the fortieth vear of the reign of His present Majesty, have lrrurk oil trom the Account el the hud Governors the following Sums, they having been hated upon Oath to be, to the belt of the Governor’s beliel, bad and irrecoverable Ijlu:-; uz.

A Legacy left by Lady Desart ——

Balance of a Legacy, left by Mrs. Knight ——

Balance of a Legacy, left by Theobald Bourke, Esq. ——

Ditto, due by the late Treasurer -

Ditto, due by dilinilled Collectors of house Tax ——

Total ft ruck off - - £.

‘200

50

8-2

770

1^9

d.

5

13

5

;i

1,232 3 6

STATE of the FUN DS on the 5th day of January 1802:

DEBT on the 31ft day of December 1800; viz.

Balance of Estimate of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the former Governors, up to the 25th day of March 1798, remaining unpaid on the 31ft day of December 1800 ——

Amount of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the present Governors, which remained unpaid on the 31ft day of Decemhei 1800 -

Add - - the Expence arising from the 31ft day of December 1800 to the 5th day of January 1802; viz.

For Provisions -

Cloathing -

Manufactures ——

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings -

Garden Expences ——

Milcellaneous and House Expences -

Salaries and \\ ages for Olticers and Servants -

Ditto for Nurses in the house, Mahers and Mi ft relics in Schools and Factories -NurUng Children, as per Ehiinate ——

Debt and Expence -

Of which there is Paid; viz.

For Provisions -

Cloathing ——

Manufactures -Repairs and Alterations of Buildings Garden Expencts -

M ifcellancous and House Expences Salaries and Wages -

Nurling Children -

Total Paid -

For the Balance of the Estimate of Debts on the 25th day of March 1798, contract by the former

Governors, but nut yet ascertained by the Claimants ......

Provisions

Cloathing

Manufactures -

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings ......

Ganlon Expences ......

Milcdlum-ous and House Expences - -- -.II

Salaries and Wages ......

Nurlin*; Children -

£. x. d.

178 5 -4

>Kftil, nate ?j JSu'*s Wae«s has been continued from the old Book# of the Inliitnti<m to them \ n,trk’ buf ,a!1 the Country Nurses who came in and produced the Children entrulled

"Pt0 the2+th d"y°fJune l8ol> U‘" Eli, mute of Wa.es due

to

Difference

The Total Debt then is

2,203 H 7

1800 - 10,940 — 1

13,321 19 8f

£■ s. d.

b,45« 12 3l

1,248 l8 9

1,819 12 5

2,095 10 i°{

2 20 1 0

2,030 9 10

1,401 1 11

964 5 .8

9,*9 1 6 25,505 14 5

- £- 38,827 14 i§

6,725 1 8

1,343 15 2

1,760 13 —

1,868 3 9

226 l 2

1,986 18 11

2,365 7 7

8,753 1 9

- - £■ 25,029 3 —

£■ 13,798 11 »r

jp £• s. d. £■ s. d.

178 5 1

1,197 H 6

66 17 9

357 8 5t

3*4 16 4i

217 9 2

1L455 19 10

13,798 u >i

6,760 4 10

is - £■ 7,038 6 3

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

829

15*—The Account of the Governors of The Foundling Vlospital in Dublin—continued.

Total D EBT (as at bottom of preceding page)

To answer which there are depending the following Sums; viz.

In bad Debts outstanding; viz.

Legacy, left by Lady Desart ......

Balance of Legacy, left by Mrs. Knight v ——

Ditto, by Theobald Bourke, Esq ......

Balance due by the late Trtalurer - / -

Amount due by iundry dismissed Collectors of House Tax, to the 24th day of June 1800

d.

200 7-----

50-----

82 5 —

770 13 If

l-9 5 4i

Productive Funds; viz.

Amount of House Tax depending on the 5th day of January 1802 Ditto, - of Rent of Eftute, outstanding on laid Day -Balance of Calli remaining in the Bank on D° -

Total Amount of bad Debts -

Total Funds depending - - £.

But in consequence of the representation of the Governors of the Foundling Ilolpital, that certain parts of their Funds are totally unproductive, and irrecoverable, the Commissioners of Imprelt Accounts have struck off the following Sums, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland in the fortieth year of His present Majesty’s reign; viz.

Legacy, left by Lady Desart -

Balance of Legacy, left determined by Mrs. Knight -

Ditto, by 1 heobald Bourke, Esq* -

Ditto, due by late Treasurer ——

Ditto, due by dilmiiled Coiieciors of House Tax -

200

50

82

770

129

5

13

5

4*

Total struck off - - - £.

The Amount of the Funds then is -Dedud the Debt, as above

Balance in favour of the Charity - - £.

£. s. d.

7»°38 6

1,232 3 6

3,855 2 li*

174'12 6 3,^22 1 gi

8,884

1,232 3 6

7>65i 17 7,038 6

Appendi: (No. 27. 28° Feb

continued.

3f

613 10 11J

l6.

PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS.

The ACCOUNT of the Incorporated Society in Dublin, for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland; from the

lit day of November 1799 to the 25th day of March 1800.

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Corporation Expences of Ardbracan School -

- Ballinrobe -

- - Ballycaltle -■

- Ball} kelly -

• Calliel -

- Castlebar -

- - - Castledermot -

- Clonmel * - 7 -

- - - Creggane ——

- - - Charleville ......

- - - Cafllemartyr -

- Callle I Hand - -

- Clontarf -

- - - Dundalk -

- Dun m an way -

- Dunkerrin ——

- Farra -

- - - Innilcarra -

- Innilbannon -

- Kilnnane -

- , - - Kilkenny -

- Loughrea ——

- Longford

- Maynooth - -

- - - Newport -

- New Market -

- - - Ray -

- Rot’s -

- Strangford -

- Shannon Grove - - # -

- St rad bally -

- - - San try -

- Sligo -

- Trim -

- Waterford -

- Dublin Nursery -

- Monasterevan

- - Monivea -

- * - Shannon Grove -

- Schools in general -

- Society's House -

- - - Annuities

- Salaries

- Incidents -

Total Discharge - £. Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above - £.

£. s.

2,457 18 107 19 111 12

113 8

135 15 72 8

86 5

148 1

79 3

74 11 153 16

58 15

75 12

338

120

94 HP 68 80 80 98 111 117 14 145 7 153 H

140 6

69 18 41 11 188 5

74 19 83 -125 3

242 9

212 4 86 1

63 1

36(3 13 197 15 72 — 157 8 375 17 7 l9 45 — H9 1

5

10

7>935 8

3,497 7

n,432 15

d.

—h

5

3i

-i

3i

iof

U

6

H

8t

7

8

-I

H

2

6|

7

1 6

4

2

10J

7

7i

7

3i

4

9k

2

3

3i

9

6i

1

4

3i

_4_

7*

10 B

830 Appendix. . 1803.

ppendii,

No, 27.)

' Februarit

*7*

PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS.

continued.

The ACC OU NT of the Incorporated Society in Du rein- for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland; from the 25th tyr

of March to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance in favour of the Public on the lall Account -

Received from His Majesty s Treasury Remainder of Parliamentary Grant of Session 1799 -More, Part of Grant of SeiTlon 1800 -

Intcrelt on Debentures, Sec. -

Gain on Exchange -

Bent of Eftafces -

Cadi advanced to fundiy Matters, on Account of Subfittence, Cloathing, Sec. -Received from the Trustees of Erasmus Smith's Annual Grant, towards the Support of Sligo School One Year's Interefr on the late Mrs. Keon’s Legacy of One Thousand Pounds -*

Amount of Subscriptions ——

By Profits of Childrens Labour ——

Rent of the School Lands, payable by the Mailers - ' ——

Amount of Fines levied on Mailers for Elopement of Children -

Total Charge - - £.

•bed by tire late John: :eit to the Society,

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Clement Wolfley, Esq. in full of a Legacy of Two Thousand Pcmuis, L Kogerl'on, Esq. and payable by the Incorporated Society out of the i rjv.is '* L: including the Interest thereon -

Paid Expences of Ardbracan School -

----- Ballinrobe -

----- Ballycallle ——

----- Ballykelly - -- -- - - -r

----- Cartiel ——

----- Castlebar ——

----- Castledermot -

- - - - - Clonmell ——

- * - - - Creggane ——

- - - - Charleville -

- - - - - Calllecarberry ——

Castlemartyr -

----- Castle Island -

- - - - - Clontarf ——

- - - - - Dundalk - - * . -

----- Dun man way ---r-----

- - - - - Dunkerrin - - - - ~ ——

----- Farra ——

- - - - - Innifcarra -

----- Innilhannon - - - ~ -

----- Kilfinane -1-----

- - * - - Kilkenny

----- Lough rea ——

----- Longford ——

----- Maynooth ——

----- Newport

- - - - - Newmarket

----- Ray ——

- - - - - Strang ford ——

• - - - - Shannon Grove ——

- - - - - S trad bally ——

----- San try -

- - - - - Sligo ——

----- Trim

----- Waterford ——

----- Dublin Nursery ——

- - - - . Monaflerevan -

- - - - - Monivea -

----- Shannon Grove - -- - - —

----- Schools in general ——

----- Society's House -

- - - - - Annuities ——

- - - - - Salaries, Sec. ——

----- Law Agent -

----- Incidents -

- - * - - Apprentice Fees, and Bounties to Children who served their Apprenticefliipi faith-

fully, &c. - -- -- ......

Total Discharge - - £.

Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above - - £.

L-

ZA97 7 4

a,610-----

5fQoo-----

4,820 — 3

71 19 10

M?5 a

4,690 13 *k

050 -

50-----

88—6 713 5 *t 435 1 —k 23 17 9

23,685 7 7 \

L*

2,011 10 ik

465 16 -i

425 9 8

446 2 7*

225 9 H

360 — 7k

330 *4 8

392 — 8

345 11 H

3^5 10 *k

287 2 }°i

o° 288 — 5

283 15 7

l,3°i '5 7

396 19 3

337 4 6§

278 10

402 19

334 8

324 7

214 16

555 15 482 2

5

7i

*i

6

3i

552 9 5i

3 5

260 5 ii

267 11 7

277 8 7

389 15 7i

336 13 6A

4°5 19 10

427 15 71

448 8 —

449 n nl

379 2 2

319 17

1,387 — 7

892 12 1

341 12 372 9 * 446 11 — 103 7 9! 84 lo —

«77 >3 9 36 16 —} 71 1641

493 3 <—

30,317 18 4f

3*67 9 3i

«3.68$ 7 7

Tiefe Accounts are properly Stated, and supported by fuffiaieot Veeeier*.

43 G$o. III. Appendix. 831

18.

BALLAST OFFICE, DUBLIN.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin; from the 24U1 day of Jund 1709

to the 25th day of March 1800.

Appendi

(No. 27,

28* Febnu

continued

THE CHARGE:

Received Ballad Office old Duties ......

New Duties for Quay Walls ——

Rent of Ground taken for New Ballad Office -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Corporation -

Paid for heaving Ballad ——

Expences of the South Wall -

Heaving Ballad on Shore ...... -

Ballad Lighters -

Lighthouse ——

New Hotel ——

Pensioners and Charity -

Harbour Account ——

Incidents and petty Expences -

Intered on Loan and Discount -

Paid for Printing and Stationary -

Salaries and Wages ——

House Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and Coals -

Superannuated Pilots ——

Premiums and Rewards ——

Expences at Balhriggan Harbour -

Rent of New Ballad Office Yard -

Expences of Dunleary Pier -

Ground for New Balialt Office ...... -

Glazing Blockhouse ——

A Superannuated Officer ——

Expences of Quay Wall# ——

Total Dischargg. li. j-. .; m favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

4 7

3>°9° 15

105 — —

£■ 13.97° — 0

£- s. (i.

2,^57 14 8

1,2 b 3 H 8

38 14

10 H

3^47 8

279 18 li

- 65 — —

- 41 3 s;

- 44 9 4

- 106 10 8

4.480 11 1

t>7 9 2

- 84O 11 2

193 11 2*

31 10 —

3 34 2 8

83 11 3

22 15 —

190 1 10

349 9 9

- 5 10 —

2 13 —

396 13 5f

£. 13.958 16 31

- 11 3 10

c 13^97° —

19.

BALLAST OFFICE, DUBLIN.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin; from the 25th day of March

to the 3id day of December 1800.

T II E CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public ——

Ballad Office old Duties -

New Duties for Quay Walls - -

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for heaving Ballad ——

Expences of South Wall -

Ballad Lighters ——

Lighthouse

Pensioners and Charity ——

Harbour Account - - - - - -

Incidents and petty Expences -

Ground for New Ballad Offict ——

Intered on Loan and Discount - * -

Printing and Stationary -

Salaries and Wages ——

House Rent, Taxes, Coals, Sec. ——

Paid Premiums and Rewards - - . -

Superannuated Pilots -

Expences of Dunleary Pier - ~ - -

North Lots - - _ -

Blockhouse ——

Superannuated Officer - - - - - "

Ballad Office Bills paid off - - , -

Paid for heaving Ballad on Shore ' - - - - -*

Rent of New Ballad Office Yard ——

Expences of Balbriggan Harbour - -

Quay Walls ----- ......

1 Total Did*barge -

Dedutd the Charge

Balance in favour of the Accountants

d.

1 1 3 10

19 2

•r,1)9,0 b 1

15.333 0 1

y. d.

3>4°3 11 3

4,; 13 0

3,o(Jo 8 h

275 19 5

45 6 nf

184 13 nj

M4G 15 4

129 12 11

3,003 2 5

99 5 8

857 18 4

163 1 1

142 17 ii*

34 — —

33 3 7

8-S *5 7*

20 9 8

2(5 iff G

H I 8

22 Id

» Bo 10 5

260 7 4

15^75 »* 11

15,333 9 1

34* 2 1 hIm 1 O 1 •"*

Thde Accounts are accurately Stated, and properly Vouched; and supported by the Depositions, on Oath, of the Ballad Matter and

a . a . - . r .1 . /i 1 1.__• ... ... i x-v I /^v

AQftaat Secretary, yrho declared the Accounts are jult and true in every particular.

°°gi

k

.ppcndix. No. 27.)

* Februarit

continued.

■ —■ mf

832 Appendix. 1803.

20.

SUPERINTENDANT MAGISTRATE.

The ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Disbursements of Alderman William Alexander, Superintendant Magistrate; from the

95th day of December 1799 to the 25th day of March 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Net Receipt of Arrears of House Tax - ......

Net Receipt of Carriage Tax, Licences, and Penalties -

Received from Divisional Magistrates -

For Licences to Publicans, Pawnbrokers, &c. -

For Certificates to Ditto ——

Fine on Watch Constables and Watchmen -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of Accountant -

Paid Incidents ——

Watch Constables and Watchmen ——

Stationary, Printing, Account Books, and Hue and Cry -

Law BufineGi ——

Salaries - -- -- - - -- ......

Paid Interest on Balance due to Superintendant Magistrate on the lall Account -

Sundries out of Fines -

Total Discharge Deduct the Charge

Balance in favour of Accountant

£• s. d.

2>i79 11 -1

1,125 -Kfi 1 CO

- 17 2 7

12 12 1

- 3 5 —

no 12 1

£■ 3.448 5 10

£■ cl.

- 399 3

24 1+ 4

2,426 12 1

- 344 7 5

658 9 -f

1,082 15 —

- 11 19 4

110 12 1

£■ 5,056 14 5

- 3.448 5 10

£■ 1,608 6 7

21.

SUPERINTENDANT MAGISTRATE.

The ACCOUNT of the Receipts and Disbursements of Alderman William Alexander, Superintendant Magistrate; from tht

25th day of March to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Net Receipt of I Ioufe Tax - * -

Ditto - of Carriage Tax, Licence*, and Penalties -

Received from Divisional Magistrates -

For Licences to Publicans, Pawnbrokers, &c. -

For Certificates to Ditto ——

Fines on Watch Constables and Watchmen ——

Total Charge -

£■ «• d-

7.737 6 3

3, S°7 16 5

59 2 u|

5,511 14 10

147 >4 3

- l6‘2 17 1

- £■ 17,426 9 <;£

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of Accountant -

Paid Rents and Taxes - -- -- - ...... -

- - Tradesmens Bills

- Incidents -

► - Watch Coats and Hats ——

* - Rewards - . - - - * u ~ * - -

- - Watch Constables and Watchmen - -

- - Stationary, Printing, Account Books, and Hue and Cry - -

- - Advertisements ----- ......

- - Law Business - ......

- - Coals and Candles

- - Salaries ——

- - Sundries, out of Fines - -- -- - ......

Total Discharge -Deduct the Cliurge

Balance in favour of Accountant

£■ J-1,608 6 7 566 16 3

-33 >3 £>f 108 19 4

900-----

3* 7 6

8,409 16 5

792 id ]i

11 5 4

891 14 9i

296 14 *t

19 1

I'5-2 17 1

i7/>'85 d 13

7.426 0 <A

23^ * 1\

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

833

22.

SUPERINTEN D ANT MAGISTRATE.

THE C II A 11 G E:

Net Receipt of IIonfe Tax -

Ditto of Carriage Tax, Licences, and Penalties -

Received from Divisional Map it rates -

- For Licences to Publicans, Pawnbrokers, &c.

- - For Cerlitirates to Ditto -

- - l ines on Watch Constables and Watchmen -

- - P>y \alue ofu Rank of England Note, of which Thomas Cofg

neglected to prol'ccute

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of lnft Account in favour of Accountant -

Paid, Rents and'1 axes -

- - TraO-imm’s j>ills -

• - Incidents ——

- - Watch (’oats and Hats -

- - Rewards - ’ - * - -

- - Watch (\»nlhihles and Watchmen -

- - Stationary, Printing, Account Rooks, and Hue and Cry

- - Ad vert dements ——

- - Law ]in;n * ls ——

- - Coal? and Candles ——

- - Salaries -

t - Sundries, out of Fines -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

£■ s. d.

4 —i

- 4 2

- 73 16 4 i

- 5^44 3 —-

VII 17 Q

- 140 18 4 i

•ho

- 16 5 —

/• 22,325 8 81-

s. d.

- 258 *7 if

- 74S 15 lcr

371 »9 ti

- 129 7

900 — —

- 11 7 6

11,607 — 95

- W°37 — (>

- 16 7i

- 8<9 5 '—

&S6 8 10

- 5,’59 10 4r

I40 18 4i

£■ 10 F* 7 9-i-

- 51 — ii

£. 8 81

These Accounts are properly Stated, and Vouched; the Superintendant Magistrate and Chief Constable were examined upon Oath; they declared that their Accounts were jult and true in every particular. The Lord Mayor inspected the W atchmen on liic tecornl dav of October I aft, and reported to the Suporintendunt Mugiltrate, that he found the Men able and perluctly capable of undertaking the du*y they are intended for; that they are filly armed, well cluathed, and, front their numbers, amounting to iix hundred Men, exclusive of Watch Court ables and Peace Ollicers, capable Of ailording the City effectual proie&ion; to obtain which, it appears to him neither pains or trouble has been omitted.

Append (No. 2jj 2 8* Fibrn

The ACCOUNT of tile Receipts and Dilburfrments of Alderman William Alexander* Supgrihtcndant Magistrate; from the continue

lit day ol January 1801 to the 5th»day of January iSoj. V______

2?.

COAL YARDS—dORK.

Th£ ACCOUNT S Wm. Ll'mley, Esq. Director of the Pinuc Coal Yards of the City of Cork; from the 44th clay of

December 1707 to the 25th day of March 1800.

T II E CHAR G E:

Balance in favour of the Public on the la.fl Account, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in different V arris ——

Caili expended for Coals for Supply of the Yards, within the Period of this Account -

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Received for Coals, fold within the Period of this Account -

Total Discharge

Balance, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards

The Charge, as above -

i the Barrels. Pecks.

3,024 . 7 865 17 Q

- 12.853 - 4,iS9 l6 11

£■ 15,877 7 £■ 5,055 14 5

Barcls. Pecks. £ s. d-

1 4,457 16 lj

- 15.838$ 1 4-457 16 >1

- 3Ri 6 Ol ^1 00 CO K*-

- 15>^77 7 £■ 5,^55 14 5

CASH ACCOUNT of" Wmi Lumley; Esq; from the 24th day of December 1^97 to the 24th day of March 1806.

THE CHARGE: Barrcli. Pecks. £■ s. d

Amount of Chals fold out of the Public Yards, within the Period of this Account - - X, 00 00 1 4,457 16 lh

Received from His Majesty s Treasury, for the Purclmfe of Coals J - - - 4,038 8 10

More, for One Year s Rent of the Yards, and Salaries - 1 3*4 7 7

‘ Total Charge - - £■ -h,8io 12 61

THE DISCHARGE:

Amount of Coal* purchasM for the Public Coal Yards, within the Period of this Account Paid into His Majesty’s Areafury ——

• Salaries and Rent -

Barrets.

1->853

Pecks.

VOL. 58.

Total Discharge

Balance in Ildnds of the Director, towards the farther Purchufc of Coals for the \ crd3

The Charge, as above - - £-

to C

£. s. d\ 4,189 16 11 1 lo>J 628 15 2

7,198 13 llj 1,611 18 7

8,810 ia 6J

834

Appendix

A. 1803

ippendix,

No. 27.)

0 Febrmri

continued.

24,

COAL YARDS;—CORK.

The ACCOUNT of William Lumley, Esq. Director of Public Coal Yards of the City of Cork; from the 25th day of March

to 31ft day of December 1800,

THE CHARGE: Balance of last Account in favour of the Public, being Cadi, and the Value of Coals remaining unfold in 1 Barrels. Pecks. £• *■ d.

the different Yards - -- -- -- -- - 38 £ 6 597 18 3J

Cash expended for Coals, for the Supply of the \rards, within the Period of this Account - 8,178 - - 2,830 9 1

Total Charge 8,u 16 J 6 £.3,428 7

THE DISCHARGE: Barrels. Pjtcks. £. s.

Received for Coals, fold within the Period of this Account - - - - - - 3,476 £ 1 1,220 4 2

Balance, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards on the 31ft day of December 1800 4-740 5 2,208 3

The Charge, as above - i — 8,216 2 6 £■ 3,4'28 7 4i

CASH ACCOU NT of William Lumley, Esq. from the 25th day of March to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE C II A RG E:

Cash, Balance in the Hands of the Director on the 24th day of March 1800, towards the further Purchase of Coals for the Y ards -

Amount of Coals fold out of the Public Yards, within the Period of this Account

Barrels.

3.476 1

Pecks.

Cash received at Ilia Majesty’s Treasury, for One Year and an Half Rents and Salaries; from the lft day of December 1798 to the lit day of June 1800 -

THE DISCHARGE:

Amount of Coals, purchased for the Public Coal Yards, within the Period of this Account Paid Salaries and Rents ......

Total Charge -

Barrels.

8,178

Total Discharjie

£. «. d.

1,611 18 7

1,130 4 1 471 11 4$

- £■ 3,3°3 H

Pecks. £• 6. d.

- 2,830 9 1

3»4 7 7

- £■ 3.144 16 8

Yards 158 l7 Si

* £■ 3>3°3 H

25-

coal YARDS;—CORK.

The ACCOUNT of William Lumley, Esq. Director of the Public Coal Yards of the City of Cork; from the iff day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE: Balance of last Account in favour of the Public, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards * Cash expended for Coals for the Supply of the Yrards, within the Period of this Account - Total Charge - - £. Barrels. 4^740 2,668 Pecks. 5 £ d. 0,208 3 758 15 5

7,408 5 £.2,9 66 18

THE DISCHARGE: Cash received for Coals fold, within the Period of this Account , Balance, being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards, on the 5 th day of January 1802 The Charge, as above Barrels. 4>*43 3,-65 Pecks. 4 ] £. s. d. 1,411 l6 11 1,555 i 8£

7,408 * 5 £.2,966 18 7£

CASH ACCOUNT of William Lumley, Esq. from the 31ft day of December 1800 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Cash, Balance in the Hands of the Director on the 31ft day of December 1800, towards the further Purchase of Coals for the Yards ......

Barrels. Pecks.

Amount of Coals fold out of the Public Y'ards, within the Period of this Account - - - - j 4,143

Caih received at His Majesty’s Treasury, for One Years Salaries and Rents, to the ill day of June 18011

- Total Charge

4

£. s. 11

158 17 5i 1411 id n 3i4 7 7

1,885 1 nf.

THE DISCHARGE: x Amount of Coals purchased for the Public Coal Yards, within the Period of this Account

Paid Salaries and Rents - * -

Barrels.

2,668

Pecks

■I

Total Discharge - -

Balance in Hands of the Dirc&or on the 5th day of January 1802, towards the further Purchase of Coals for the Yards -

The Charge, as above - -

£■ - d-

758 5

S>4 7 7

1,073 3 — 811 18 11}

1,885 1 n j

These Accounts are properly Stated, and Vouched.

835

48 Geo. III. Appendix.

' 26.

BALLAST OFFICE; — BELFAST.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast; from the ill day of

January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

Appendi; (No. 27. 28* Februa

continued.

THE C HARGE:

Balance in favour of the Public on the lft day of January 1801 Received Tonnage Duties -

- For Ballast -

- - Pilotage in and out -

- - Licences for Lighters - -

- - Inter ell of Money -

- - Dockage ——

- Stones fold -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for railing and delivering Ballast -

- - Pilotage in and out -

- - Drudging Docks and Quays -

- - Perches and Buoys ——

- - Repairs of Lighters ——

- - incidental Expences ——

- - Expences of Graving or dry Dock -

- - Salaries ——

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

The Balance in favour of the Public brought down

£. s.

- 8+1 a 5$

- 4°9 5

1,116 19 —

963 >9 3i

3 10 —

- 18 3 11J

112 9 —

6 10 —

£ 3,4711810 j

£- S. d.

- 467 18 6

544 2 5

150 6 9

50 7

102 7 ih

- 66 15 4*

883 18 11

218 2 9k

£■ 2,484. 9 7i

- 987 9 3

£ 3.47 * 18 10 J

£■ s. d.

987 9 3

To which must be added the following Sums Disallowed, not having been sufficiently Vouched

Under the Head of Perches and Buoys ----- Repairs of Lighters

----- Incidental Expences

- - Graving Dock - ...... Salaries -

Total Disallowed -

The Balance in favour of the Public then is

£• s. d.

17 1 3

4 16 6

2 6 10

6 8 h

218 4 9i

1,095 16

2,083 5

1

4

This Account is correctly Stated, but not supported by sufficient Vouchers, which, though required by the Commissioners of Account, were not fumished them; they have therefore Disallowed the above Stated Sums, amounting to One Thousand and Ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny.

27.

COAL YARDS; —DUBLIN.

The ACCOUNT of Edward Sankey, Esq. Director of the Public Coal Yards of Dublin; from the 24th day of Jtine 1799

to the 25th day of March 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account, being the Total Charge - -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid into the Treasury, on Account of Coals fold -

Contingent Expences -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

£■ «• '■

5.164 3 3

£■ 3,080 76 18 8$

■ £■ 3,156 18 8i

- 2,007 4 6J

■ £■ 5.164 3 3

This Account has been already Rated to Parliament comprehended in a former Account, and is now dated for the purpose of commencing on a true and recorded Balance on the 25th day of March 1800; from which period to the 31ft day of December 1800, the Account is already before Parliament in the last Report.

STATE OF THE BALANCE:

Insuper on the Account ending the 25th day of December 1793 ——

Cash in the Director's Hands -

The like, for the Purchase of Coals - - - \

Value of Coals remaining unfold in both Yards -

The Balance

£■ $. d.

>39 8

38 —

1,677 9 10

15* 5 10$

2,007 4 6}

836

Appendix

A. 1803

Lppendix, ’No. 27.)

1* Februar

continued.

28.

COAt YARDS; — DUBLIN

The ACCOUNT of Edward Sanket, Esq. Director of the Public Coal Yards of the City of Dublin; from the ill day of

January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

T H E C II ARG E: Balance in favour of the Public on the lad Account -Received from His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Purchase of Coals

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid into His Majesty’s Treasury, on Account of Coals fold -

Contingent Expences -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

at a higher price than allowed by Law; otherwise the Institution mutt be uleless. This mud be remedied by an Act of Parliament.

29.

WESTMORLAND LOCK HOSPITAL.

5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Received from His Majesty's Treasury

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of Accountants -

Paid Salaries

- Servants Wages ......

- - Provi lions

- - Medicine, &c- ......

• - Firing, &c. ——

- Furniture and Utensils ——

- - Repairs - ‘

- - Beds and Bedding ......

- - Stationary ——

- - Rent - - " ......

- One Year's Paving and Lighting Tax -

- - For a Bomb Cart and Haniefs ——

- - Stewards Disbursements, from the 25th day of December 1800 to the 4th day of January 1802

- - vFor Trufies ......

- - Fees on Treasury Certificate, &c. ——

Deduct the Charge -Balance in favour of Accountants - £.

£■ »■ d.

5>26S 3 1

- l/OOOO —

£■ 1 6,268 3 1

£■ *• d.

790

52 10 4

£ * O j I 00

- 54*5 i* 9

■ £■ 6,268 3 1

s Clerk, on Oath.

?lor is compelled to lay i

an Act of Parliament.

ill day of January 1801

£■ *■ d.

6,39s 7 9

/• 6,398 7 9

- 1,237 1+

746 15 —

301 3 6

- 2,787 1 4

43* 14 si-

233 5 4

- 416 5 4

446 8 31

43—4

2 >

12 3 —

25 11 U>\

214 Oil

232 16 i(

‘4- 8i

£■ 7,549 4 Gv

- 6,398 7 9

£■ 1,150 16 e>i

TJiis Account is properly Stated, and Vouched; and supported by the Depositions of the Steward. Subjoined is a Statement of the Patients.

RETURN of Patients Admitted, Discharged Cured, Irregular, Died, and Extems, between the 5th day of January 1801 and the

5th day of January 1802.

Admitted. Discharged. Irregular. / Died. In Hospital, 5 th January 1802. Extern Patients.

1,768 1,649 73 38 243 4,526 received Advice 1 and Medicines. I

235 Patients in the HospituI on the 5th day of January 1801.

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

837

3°-

CORPORATION FOR DISCOUNTENANCING VICE.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Discountenancing Vice, and Promoting the Christian Tieliciox; from the iff dav of

January 1801 to the 5U1 day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Palance of I aft Account in favour of the Public - * - - - - r

Received Subscriptions

- - - Donations

- - - For Tracts fold ——

- - - - A Debt due to the late House of Reform Received from His Majesty's Treasury -

< Appen-(No. 2

28* F:b)

conti mi

Total Charge -

£■ s. d.

220 11 . 1 1 z

076 8 3

13 8 3

7 4

7 2 —-

300 —

842 l6 11J

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Salaries and Allowances

— Books, Printing, Stationary, &c.

— Incidental Expences -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

Charge, as above -

£■ «. d.

77 u 4

3E8 6 8f

49 »5 1

- £ 515 >8 'ii

- 3*7 3 i°

- £■ 842 l6 11

This Account is properly Stated, and Vouched :—The Society have lowered the price of Bibles from Ten Shillings and Sixpence to Four Shillings, by which means above five times the number have been fold in the fame period.

31-

TRUSTEES OF THE LINEN AND HEMPEN MANUFACTURES.

The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland; from the 25th day of March 1799 to

the 3ill day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Arrears of Engagements due sundry Claimants on the 25th day of March 1709 Amount of Engagements from the 25th day of March 1799 to the 31ft day of December 1800 - ,

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

F.uabhlhrrient of Linen Office -

Ditto of Linen and Yarn Ilalls -

Inspectors ——

Premiums for encouraging new Markets ——

Working Thread Lace

Imitating Bvifiol Candle Wick ——

Spinning Fine Yarn ——

Expences of Steam Engines, applied to Bleach Mills, &c. -

Oxygenated Muriatic Acid -

Wheels -

Buildings and Repairs ——

Paid Law Expences ——

— - Travelling Expences ——

— Rents and Taxes ——

— Stationary, Printing, and Advertising -

— Postage of Letters ——

— - Inspectors Fees, Surveyors Wages, Storage, and Carriage of Wheels -

— Incidental Expences -

— - l'lax Premiums -

Total Difrlmrge -

The Debt or Arrears due to sundry Claimants, on the 31ft day of December 1800

The Charge, as above -

£ £. s. (1. 7>85 7 25,180 4

33,045 12 if

£. s. d.

1 j9°^5 3 9

1,422 itt —f

5,480

867 12 —

! _ 65 2 8

80

11 7 6

- 1,050

L4G9 9 9

16 10 —

1 1 0 in C3 cn

100 — —

, 22 15 —

650 >9 Pf

024 2 Of

141 19 10

- 1,622 10 —

501 9 io'

6,806 11 4*-

£■ 26,189 10 4

) ' 6,856 1

■£■ 33,045 12 if

General STATE of the FUNDS of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; from the 25th day of March 1709

to the 31ft day of December 1800.

Amount of Engagements unsatisfied, and remaining due to the Public, on the 25th day of March 1799 Charge created, from the 25th day of March 1799 to the 31ft day of December 1800 -

Gross Charge, to the 31ft day of December 1800

From which, deduct the Amount of Payments made, from the 25th day of March 1799 to the 31 ft day of December 1800 ——

Total Amount of Engagements remaining open to Demand, on the 3ill day of December 1800 -

Towards answering which is to be applied—Produce of appropriated Duties for One Year, ending the

25th day of March 1800 ......

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer -

Parliamentary Grant for One Quarter, to the 25th day of December 1800, remaining in Treasury Balance in the Hands of the Trustees ——

Outfianding and unreceived Funds, on the 31ft day of December 1800 -

From which dedud the above Engagements ...... £•

(I

7 8,»-=5 7 11

25,180 4 2-:

33>°45 12

26,1 So 10 4

9 75 1 6

35° 12 z Z

5.400 — —

16,350 11 si

23,076 5 —

6,856 1 0I

And it will appear, that after discharging the said Engagements, there will remain a Surplus in the hands of ’ the Trustees, amounting to the Sum of - £-

£. s. d.

6,856 1 of

i 0,2 20 3

This Account is accurately Stated, and properly Vouched. The Secretary was examined upon Oath, who deposed, thut it was just and true in every particular.

Voud. jo D

838 Appendix. , Af. 1803.

>endix,

o. 27.)

7tbruariit

tinued.

37-

TRUSTEES OF THE LINEN AND HEMPEN MANUFACTURES.

The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland; Iroin the ift day ut January 1R01 to the . 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Arrears of Engagements due sundry Claimants on the 31ft day of December 1800 -

Amount of Engagements from the 31ft day of December 1800 to the 5th day of January 1802 -

'Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Premiums ——

- - Grants ——

- Eiiublishment - -

- - lMilceiianeous Charges -

Total Discharge

The Debt or Arrears due sundry Claimants on the 5th day of January 1802

The Charge, as above -

S. d.

- 6.83 d 1

- 56,-, S8 8 8

£ <^3,444 10 -1 Ox

I- s. d.

7 4 6

12 3

8 —

:i-‘4< 17

io,8:Jo 2

52.S8+ 7 D

3»444 10 , I Dl

I his Account is accurately Stated, and Vouched.

General STATE of the Funds and Engagements of the Trailers of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; from the ill clay of

January 1801 to the 5th day’ of January 1802.

] £• d. I £. s. 4.

Arrears of Engagements unsatisfied, and remaining due to the Public, on the ill day of January 1801 - | 6,83d 1 o£-j

Charge created from the ill day of January 1801 to the 3th day of January 1802 - - - - 56,588 8 8

Gross Charge, to the 5th day of January 1802 -

From which deduct the Amount of Payments made from the lit day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802 ——

Total Amount of Engagements remaining open to Demand on the 5th day of January 1802

Towards answering which is to be applied; viz.

Produce of appropriated Duties for One Year, to the 25U1 day of March 1801, unreceived -Balance in the Hands of the Trealfirer -

Parliamentary Gram, for One Quarter, ending the 24U1 day of December 1800 -

Balance in the Hands of die Truliees -

<iy.+44 10 - 1 D*

io,8do 2 84

1,066 1 9

9*315 15 1

5>4°° — —

20,060 12 3

5T584 7 9

06 n —I

Exceeding of Engagements above the Funds - - £. j 15>$41 *8 8*

% __________ ■-

These Accounts are accurately Stated, and properly Vouched. 'The Secretary was examined upon Oath, who deputed, that they are just and true in every particular.

.33-

ROYAL CANAL C O M P A N YF O U RT II ACCOUNT.

The FOURTH ACCOUNT of Money expended by the Royal Canal Company, to entitle them to receive part of Twenty-/ire Thousand Pounds, granted hv Parliament in the Session of 1798, for carrying on the Canal to Conlnahav, lix miles beyond Mullingar,^ and from the River Anna Utley to Glafucvin Road, and in erecting an Aqueduct leading to the intended Harbour, near the House ot Industry, and in building the Walls of the said Harbour, pursuant to their Petitions in the Session oi 1798, and in the Session before, and in former Sessions.

The said Company have, agreeably to the A <3 of 1798, entered into a Recognizance before the Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in the penal fuin of Fifty Thousand Pounds, conditioned that they the said Royal Canal Company shall complete and iiwlh the said Navigation to Thomas Town, in the County of Westmeath, thirty-three miles from the Ri\er Lility, without requiring any further Public Aid for so doing, from the 3d day of April 1801 to the 2ill day ot Septeriiber 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Received by Debentures on the la ft Account, which proved the Corporation had expended of their proper Money the Sum of Six Thousand and Ninety-four Pounds 'Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence Halfpenny -

r

A.’

s. d.

3?oooo-----

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of Expenditure per last Account, on which Debentures were not received Paid Surveying and Engineering -

— o

- Pure hale of Lands -

- - Masons Work -

- - Excavation ——

- - Officers Salaries ——

- Contingent Expences ——

- - Law Agency -

Total Discharge -

Dcdud the Charge, being the Amount of Debentures received on the last Account -

Amount of Expenditure, on which Debentures are nowr claimed

£• a. d.

- 94 13 4 i

_ 87 6 6

- 2,88 > l4 81

2,008 15 6

18,309 1 7

1,583 9 5

1 93 iy 1

8*7 5 4

£■ *6,137 5 6i

- 3,000 —

£■ *3.137 5 cl

Tills Account is properly Stated, and Vouched; and supported by the Depositions of a Director, the Pay Clerk, and Accountant, upon Until, who declared it is juil and true in every particular.

Account Office,

'* comber the 23d 1802.

R. T. Herbert. Rich. Magenis. Maurice Cane. Redmond Barry, VJ

(L. s.) (t. s.) (l. s.; (l.s.'

o g

t(

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

839

A LIST of ACCO UNTS Passed by the Commissioners of Account of Ireland, mentioned in their Twenty-seventh Report,

dated the 23d day of December 1802.

Balances Over-Expended Debts

in the Hands of by of

ACCOUNT of the Accountants. Accountants. Corporations,

) Commissioners of Wide Streets, under the Head of, " Dame-street, or Coal Duties," to the 5th day of January 1802 £■ 3,282 s. 17 d. 5 s. <I. £■ d-

2. The fame Comnnftioners, under the Head of, " Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River/' to the 5th day of January 1802 ----- 1,187 12 4

3- The fame Commissioners, for Improving the Line from Progheda-dreet to the New Cultum iiouie, to the 5th day ol January 1802 ----- 380 4 7i

4* Commercial Buildings Company of Dublin, to the 5th day of January 1802 132 10 10

5- Commissioners f r Improving th ' Port and Harbour of Drogheda, to the 5th day 01 January 1- - 130 12 6

6. Truliees of the Roman Catholic College, to the 5th day of January 1802 - 1,095 8 4l

7- Governors of the House of Industry, to the 31ft day of December 1800 649 18 if

8. Governors of the Hibernian Marine Society, to the 25th day of March 1800 - 4,903 — ij

9- The fame, to the 3ill day of December 1800 - - - ' 5,984 8 9J

10. Governors of the Lying-In Hospital, to the 5th day of January 180a 220 10 9l

11. Dublin Society, to the 25th day of March 1800 - - - - 1,563 16 5

12. rIhe fame, to the 5th day of January 1802 ----- 2° w O 00 13 3

13 Governors of the Foundling Hospital, to the 25th day of March 1800 824 4 *i

14. The fame, to the 31ft day of December 1800 ----- l,l6l 17 11* - - 2,236 8 6|

15- The fame, to the 5 th day of January 1802 ----- 3,622 1 9r

16. Incorporated Society for Protestant Schools, to the 25th day of March 1800 3497 7 4

*7- The fame, to the 31ft day of December 1800 - A . - r 3,467 9 3i

18. Ball aft Office, Dublin, to the 25th day of March 1800 - 11 3 IQ

19. The fame, to the 31ft day of December 1800 - - - - 342 2 10|

10. Superintendant Magi ft rate, to the 25 th day of March 1800 - - - - 1,608 6 7

21. The fame, to the 31 ft day of December 1800 ----- 258 17 i|

22. The fame, to the 5th day of January 1802 ----- 5i — 11

23- Director of the Public Coal Yards of Cork, to the 25th day of March 1800 597 18 3?

H- The fame, to the 31 ft day of December 1800 ----- 2,208 3 21

-5* The fame, to the 5th day of January 1802 ----- L555 1 H

26. Ballad Office, Belfast, to the 5th day of January 1802 - 2,083 5 4

27. Director of the Public Coal Yards of Dublin, to the 25th day of March 1800 - 2,007 4 6|

28. The fame, to the 5th day of January 1802 ----- 5,425 12 9

29. Governors and Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, to the 5th day of January 1802 - -- -- -- 1,150 16 93

30. Corporation for Discountenancing \ ice, &c. to the 5th day of January 1802 - 327 a IO

31 - Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, to the 3id day of December 1800 - ----- 6,856 i

3*- The fame, to the 51I1 day of January 1802 - - - - 52,584 7 9

33- Royal Canal Company, Fourth Account, to the 21ft day of September 180a - 23,137 5 6f

Appendix (No. 27.] 28q Fe

continued.

I-----

840

Appendix.

A. 1803.

S I X T H Y E A K.

ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have, been Redeemed or Pure haled by tln*m; together with the Interest accruing thereon; and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame; and of the lhveral Prices paid lor the fame; , together with a General State of the Fund, specifying whether any, and what Money still remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them:—And also, An Account of Annuities for \ears, the Terms whereof have, expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of the Sums leceived and paid, and the Stock purchasod for tuch Loan :—Also, An Account of the Whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them.

For Interest and Calli to the Bank - - Dr

By Stock Bought, or Debentures Purchufed, and converted into Stock - - CL

Date 1802. I9,h Quarter. Ca/h to their Credit to the Bank. In Ireland, 3 J-Per-Cont. Capital Stock. In Ireland 5-per-Cent. Capital Stock. Price. Sums paid in Irish Currency. Interest paid. Total CAPITAL Bought. Total CASH Paid.

Day. Amount.

£• *. * £■ i. d. £- 1. d. * £■ i. d. £■ 1. d. £• >■ i. 1. d.

Jan. 13- Calli to Bank, and Stock Bought 36,668 14 7 _ _ - 1,500 — — 97. - - - i)455 — — 11 c 22 12 — 1,50C *A77 12 __

14 By Stock bought - - - - . i»5°° — — 97. 7. 6. 1,460 12 6 111 22 16 2 i,5co i>483 8 8

18 By - D - i,5°o — — 97. 12. 6. 1.464 7 6 115 -3 12 7 1,500 1,488 — X

19. By - IV - - - - 1,500 — — 07. 7- 6 1,460 12 6 116 23 16 8 I >5-° 1,484 9 2

21. By - D° - - - - . - 1,500 —- — 97- 5- °- 1,4 58 *5 0 118 24 4 11 1,500 1,482 *9 11

25- By - D° - - 1,500 — — 96. 17. 6. 1)45 3 2 6 122 25 1 4 1,5-0 1^78 3 10

26. By - Do i>5co — — 97. 5- 0.: I i)45« J5 — 123 25 5 6 1,500 1,484 0 6

28 By D° 1,500 — — 97. 12. 6. 1,464 7 6 125 25 13 8 1,500 1,49° 1 2

tcb. 1. By - D° . - - - - 1,50° D° 1,464 7 6 i29 26 10 1 j M00 1,490 17 7

2. By - D® - - - - . - 1,500 — — 97- 15- c. 1,406 5 — 13c 26 H 2 1,500 1,49* *9 2

4- By - D° 1,500 — — 9"’. i7- 6- 1,408 2 6 132 27 2 5 1,500 i>495 4 11

8. By - D° - - i,5°o — — 97. 12. 6. i 1>4(H 7 6 130 27 iS 10 1,5:0 1,491 6 4

9.1 i By - D° - - - - 1,500 — — 97. 10. c. 1,462 10 0 157 28 3 — I ;oo 1,490 1; —

11. By - D® - 1,500 — — 97- xc. c. 1,462 10 0 13, 28 11 2 J»5CG M91 1 X

15 By - D° 1,500 — — 97. 17- 6. 1,468 2 6 14 3 29 7 8 1,500 1.497 10 t

16 By - D° - - 1,500 — — D 1,468 2 6 H-, 29 11 9 1,500 1,497 i4 1

18 By - D* 1,500 — — 98. 0. 0. 1,47° — — 146 29 19 iz !,50O i,499 19 iz

« 1 By - ir - - - _ _ - i»5°° — — 93. 5. 0. 1 >47 3 *5 — 15^ 30 16 5 i»5°° i»5°4 11 S

- J By - D° - - 1,500 — 9*. 7. 6. 1,47 5 12 6 IS’ 31 — 6 i,5°° — — 1,506 >3 0

25- By - D° 1,500 — — 98. 5. 0. 1 >47 3 15 — 153 3i 8 9 1,500 — — I>5°5 3 9

March T. By . D° 1,500 98. 10. 0. 1,477 10 — 157 32 5 2 1,500 1,5^9 15 X

2 By - D* - - - - * - - i*5u 12 7 98, 12. 6. 1,490 16 11 158 32 14 4 1,511 11 7 i.S*3 11 3

4- By - D* - - 1,500 — — 98. 15. 0. 1*481 5 0 160 32 17 6 1,5-0 i,5»4 2 6

8. By - D° - i,5°o — — 98. 12. 6. i>479 7 6 164 33 13 11 ,)5co i»5i3 1 S

9 By 77o 15 8 93. 5. 0. 757 5 11 165 17 8 4 770 15 8 774 14 3

TOTAL 19th Quarter -£■ 36,66* 14 7 - - - 36,782 8 3 - - 35.979 7 10 - 6S9 6 9 36,782 8 3 36,668 14 7

April i.

2o'h Quarter.

2.

5-

6.

S.

12.

J3-

*5

19.

20. 22

26.

27. 29.

May 3

4

6.

10.

11

*3-

17-

18.

20.

24.

a5*

Haif a Year’s Dividend, at 5-Per-Cent. on £.684,442. 12s. 5d. and Stock bought -By Stock bought -By - D"

By - D*

By - D°

By - D°

By - Do By - D°

By - D°

By - D'J By - D*

By - D°

Calli to Bank and Stock bought By Stock bought

By - D°

By - Do -

By - D° -

By - D° -

By - D° -

By - D®

By - D° -

By - D°

By Dr>

By - D°

Half a Years Dividend,

Cent, on £.60,033. 131. 8/ i» £-65,036. 91. lot/, irish -

By Stock bought

27* By - D°

3i- By . D®

ie 1 By - D°

3 By - DO

7- By - DJ

10. By - 1 r

11. By - D»

14* By - D1

15- By . D°

17 By - D°

21 By - E>o

22. By - D ’

Total!

- -

17,111 x 3l

36,668 14 7

1,625 18 3

55,405 14 ii

1,500 1,600

1.600 < 1,500 -

1.600 2,000

1.700 -

1.700

1.700

1.700

1.700 — -

1.700 —

1.500 16

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 — -

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 — -

I>5CO-----

800 —

2,200 ---

1.500 —

1,500 -

i,5°o —

3}

1,700 —

1.600 — i,6co — < l,6co -

1.600 — -i,6co

1.600 —

1.600 —

1.600 — -1,500 —

120 16

20,000 — —

37»i*i 12 3{

99. 15- o. 1)J Du Do 99. 12. 6. 99. 17. 6.

89. 15. o. 99. 17. 6.

D°

88. 10. o. 99. 17. 6. Do D"

Do

D°

Do

90. 15. o. 92. o. o. 92. 7. 6. 92. 5. o.

91. 0.0. 5

89. 12. 6.

90. o. o.

89. 17. 6. 89. 10. o. 99. 12. 6.

D°

Do 99. 15. o. 99. 2. 6. 99. o. o. 99. 5. o. 99. 10. o. 99. 12. 6.

Do 99. 17. 6.

i>497

1.496

1.496

1.496 i>494

1.498 1,346

1.498

1.498

1 3 5 — 5 —

5 ~ 7 6

2 6

5 —

2 6 2 6

1>4,6-----

1.498 2 6

799-----

2,197 5 —

1.498 2 6

1.498 2 6

1.498 2 6

1,452-----

1,380 — — 1,478 — —

1,845-----

1,547-----

i>534 5 —

1,523 12 6

i,530-----

1,527 17 6

1,521 10 — 1,693 IZ 6

1.594 -

1.594 -

1,596 -

1,586-----

1,584-----

1,588-----

I, SQ2 -

1.594 -

1,494 7 6

120 12 6*

55,101 8 9}

189 x 12 10

18 10 3 10

4 8 12 4 7 12 16 2 8

1.500 16 3}

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

i,6co-----

i,5co-----

800-----

2,200-----

i»5c0-----

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1, co-----

1.500 -

l ,0:o-----

2, CCC —

1,700-----

r.700 —

j

i 8 10

5 4

12 —

14 j8

15 6

16 4 16 17

529

1.700 —

1.700 —

1.700 —

i,6co —

1.600 —

1.600 — i,6co — l»6cc — i,6co — x,6co —

1.600 —

I,5C0 --

120 l6

57,121 12

Mf8 10 —

1*497 >7 10

1,498 10 2 V;

1,498 *4 4 2

M97 5 —

i,5cl 16 5 i

1,348 19 % 5

1*5^1 8 9 11

i»5°3 5 3 *5

1^-19 *9 9

i*503 i7 7 li

802 10 1

2,207 3 JO K

i>5c5 6 4

1,506 2 9 a

1,506 6 10 J;

1,458 8 10

1,386 12 3 l9

1.485 4 3 jc

1.854 7 11

i,555 12 9 Vj.

1,543 1 ■-* i

i,53z 15 2 I

i>539 15 7

1,537 16 * M31 ]5 \ i»7c9 4 6

1.608 18

1.609 6 12

1.612 4 4 i,6cz 17 6 i,6=x 1 n 1,6*5 *5

1.609 19 5

1.612 8 2

,’5'1 ?,!i

111 * lli

3'J 55.41° 10 '■*

s

r r -p

.43 Geo. III. Appendix.

841

Ireland.— -Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt— App (Nc

For Intereu and Cash to the Bank - - - Dr. By Stock Bought, or Debentures Purchased, and Converted into Stock - - - 0. 28°

Date iSoZe 21*' Quarter. CaQi to their Credit to the Bank. In Ireland, 31-per-Cent. Capital Stock. In Ireland 5-per-Cent. Capital Stock. Price. * Sum paid Interest pa d. Total CAPITAL Bought. —* coni

CASH Paid.

Irish Currency. 1 Atnoun

£. »• i £■ »• - £• d £. s. d. jC t d- £■ >■ d.‘

July 3, To C..{h to Bark - 44,793 *4 7 w— __ __

5- 'By Sukk b 0;jc - - - 1,400 99. 15 0 1,396 10 — 1C2 19 11 2 Iv^CO I,4l6 I 1

6. 1,400 99. 12. 6. 1.394 x5 — ,c3 .9 15 — i.^co — •— 1,414 lo —

8 By - D° - 1,400 — 99 15- 0 1,306 10 — 15 20 2 9 1,400 l,4l6 12 9

12 By - D° - 1,600 — — 99. 17. 6. 1,598 109 23 17 9 I 600 1,621 17 9

*3 By - !)• " 1,400 — 99. 15. 0. 1,396 10 — X io 21 1 11 1,400 1,417 11 11

15- By - D° - - , ,4°° D° 1,396 10 — 112 2197 l;4oo 1,417 19 7

19. By - D° - - - 1,600 — — 99- 17- 6. i.S98 ll6 25 8 6 i,6go 1,623 8 6

20. By - JLP i,4cc Do i>398 5 — I 17 22 8 9 1,400 1,420 13 9

22 By - L>° 1,400 — — D 1,398 5 — I 19 22 16 5 1,400 1.421 1 5

2*. By - 3>° 1,600 — — D° 1.^98 — — 127 26 19 2 1,600 1,’24 19 2

47 By - 39° r - - - 1,500 D» 1,498 2 6 T24 25 9 7 1,500 — — 1,523 12 1

*9- ,»50° 99. 1 5. 0. 1*496 5 — 126 25 17 9 I>5co 1,522 2 9

August 2 By D I,roO — 99 »7- 6. 1,498 2 6 X30 26 14 2 x,cco 1,524 16 8

3- By L)J - - 1,500 •— —* D 1,40 8 2 6 131 26 18 4 1|5°o 1,525 — 10

6 By D' " - I*S' O 09 15. 0. 1,496 5 — 134| 27 10 8 1,50c »,523 *5 8

9 By - D° - I, .00 — —- D° 1,496 5 — 13 7) 28 3 — 1,50 1,524 8 —

IC. By - 1>J - . - I, COO D° 1,496 5 — 28 7 X 1,500 1,524 2 1

12 By - 0° - - Ir5 0 99 I4* 6 1,494 7 6 1401 2815 4 ii5co 1,52; 2 10

lb. By - D® - - i>S 0 99- 7 6. 1,490 12 6 144l *911 9 1,500 - 1,520 4 3

17- By * O * 1 500 — — 9^. 2. 6. 1,486 17 6 14S| 29 15 kO 1,500 — — 1,516 13 4

10. j y - \y - - ,)5oo 98. 7. 6. 1,4-5 12 6 *47, 3° 4 1 1,500 1,505 16- 7

*3 ly - D - - 1,500 — — 09 7. 6. 1,400 12 6 1511 31 — 6 !»5C0 1,521 13 —

»4' By - D* 1.50c 99. 5. 0. 1,488 15 — x52! 31 4 8 1,500 -- — 1,519 19 3

26- C*/h to tai.k, and St ck b^u^ht - 3 3 - i,soo — — 99 0. 0. I >4* 5 i'4 31 ii 10 1,500 1,516 12 IO

3"*- L>v bo».k h »i#ht - - - 1.500 08. 17. 6. 1,483 2 6 3* 9 4 1,500 i.siS 11 IO

J- By - L° - 1,500 98. 12. 6. 1.479 7 6 159, Y- 13 5 1,500 1,512 — II

Sepr 2. By - D° - - - T,rCO — D° , 1,479 7 6 161 33 1 7 1,500 — — 1,$?1 9 1

6. By . DJ Mr0 98. 7. 6. 1,475 ,2 6 165 33 18 J 1,500 1,509 10 7

'/ ;,y - l>> I, CO — •— 98. 2. 6. i,47i 17 6 z66 34 * * 1,(;0C 1,505 i9 8

9 By - D° - - I, C O — — .8. 5. 0. 1*473 15 — 168 34 10 5 I 5© 1,508 5 s

IC ,y . U' - - 366 12 5 D° 3&o 4 1 169 898 366 12 5 36* 13 9

TOTAL 2tft Quarter - - £. 45»>J9 !7 10 - 44,966 X2 5 44,685 16 7 - 834 3 44,966 12 5 45,519 17 10

2i"<‘ Quarter.

Odr 1. Half a Year’s Dividin’, at 5-prr

lirnt ..» £. 766 S3 17 1 \dm

and a» 3\ «>n £ 2o,cco *9,5*3 S 8 - — —

4* By btock b -ught - - i,8co — — 98. 15. 0. 1,777 10 — 9 2 4 4 i,8co — — D779 14 4

5 By - D - - 180 — — D' 1,777 10 — 10 2 9 4 1,>00 —- — 1.779 19 4

7 By - 0° i,8co — — 99. 0. 0. 1,782 — — 12 2 19 2 1,800 — 1,784 19 2

11 ISy - C« - - - - 1,800 — — 99. 7. 6. 1,788 15 — l6 3 18 11 x,8oo 1,702 13 II

■12 By - U» l,8co — — 99. 0. 0 h7i2 17 4 3 10 1,800 1,786 3 10

13 C jiB to B *nk, ’nd Sttck bought 41,094 6 z\ — 9 31 98. 12. 6. — 9 2 162 2 0 9 3i; s j

14. B. S't ck bought ... - . * " 1,800 — — 98. 17. 6. h779 15 — 19 4 13 8 i,8co — — 1,784 ® s

18. By - D° i,hco — — 98. 5. 0. 1,^68 10 — 23 5 13 5 1,8 CO 1.774 3 5

19. r y - D' - , _ - 1.800 98. 10. 0. i,773 24 5 4 1,800 — — 1,77* I. 4

21. By - D* - i,8oo — —» 97. »5* o- 1,759 10 — 26 6 8 2 1,800 — — 1,765 18

25. By - P° j,8co 97. 17. 6. 1,761 15 — 30 7 7*1 1,800 1,769 2 11

26. liv - D3 - - i,8co — — 98. 0. 0. 1,-64 31 7 12 IC i,8co — 1.771 12 10

28. By - D° - 1,800 — —. D° 1,764 33 829 1,800 1,772 2 9

I Ko>r 1. By - D° - - . i,8co — — D° 1,764 37 9 2 5 I,8oo — — 1.773 2 5

1! 2. By - D° j,8co — — 97. 15. 0. 1,759 10 ~ 38 9 7 5 1,800 — — 1.768 17 5

4- By - D° - . i,8co — — D° 1>7 e9 xo — 40 9 J7 3 1,8 GO — 1,769 7 S

8. y - DJ ... _ 1,800 97. 12. 6. 1,757 5 — 44 10 17 — 1,800 — — 1,7*8 2 —

9- By - D" - _ 1,800 D° 1,757 5 — 45 II I XI i,8co — — 1,768 6 ix

IT. By - D° - - - ... 1,800 — — 97. 5. 0. 1,750 10 — 47 II ix 9 1,8c© 1,762 i 9

i$ By - D° 1,800 — —- 96. 17. 6. 1,743 15 — 5< 12 11 6 1,800 1,756 6 6

16. ?v _ D° m m . 1,800 — — D° 1,743 *5 — 52 12 l6 5 i,8co — — 1,756 11 5

18. By - D° - - 1,700 96. 15. 0. 1,644 is — 54 12 XT 6 1,700 1*657 6 § ,

19. By - D° - . - - - 100 — — Do <;6 1J — 55 — 15 * ICO —- — 97 10 1

20. Half a Year’s D vi lend, at 5-prr- '

' Cent on £. 60,0*3. 13 f $d •

is £• 65,036. 91. lod. Infh - 1,625 18 3 - *• MB

22. By S'ock bought - i, Soo — — 96. 10. 0. 1,737 58 14 6 — i,8co i*75« 6 —

23. Bj - L° _ - - ... 1,8^0 — — 95. 15. 0. 1,723 IO 59 14 TO II i,3^o — — i,*, 38 — 11

*5 By - D° 1,800 — — 9 v 5* °- 1,714 IO — 61 15 — 10 1,800 — — 1,729 10 10

29 By - D° 1,800 «— — 97. 10. 0. 1,755 65 16—6 x, Soo — «— 1,771 — 6

30. By - D° - - 1,800 — — 97. 5- 1,750 10 — 66 x6 5 6 1,800 — — 1,766 1$ 6

u Deer 2. By - D° 1,800 — — Do 1.750 10 — 68 16 15 4 I,8co 1,767 5 4

6. By - D° i,8co — — 97. 7- 6. i»7 52 15 — 72 17 15 1 X,8oo — — 1,770 10 X

* ' 7 By - D° - ... 1,800 — — D° 1,752- 15 — 73 18 i,8co — — 1,770 15 —

9- By - D° 1,80c — — 97. 10. 0. 1,7 S 5 75 18 9 10 1,800 1 773 9

*3 Br - D° - 1,800 — — 98. 5. 0. 1,768 10 — 79 19 9 7 1,800 1 78'’ 19 7

*4 By D° - - - . i,8co — — 98. IC. 0. 1,773 80 19 14 6 1,800 — — 1,792' 14 6;

lo. Ry - D° . 1 m m 1,800 — — 99. 10. c. 1,791 82 20 4 4 1,800 — — i, Su 4 4

* 2C. By - D° . 1 i,8oc — — 99. 5. c. 1,786 10 — 86 21 4 1 i,8co — — 1,807 14 X

21. By D° , . , j m 1,8 c — — D° 1,786 10 — 87 219 — i,8co — 1*807 19 —_

*3 By - D° . " 1 - 93 4 — D° 191 15 — *9 2 7 193 4 — 194 a —§

TOTAL 22d Quarter - 62,233 IO 1} 1 63>i93 13 3 s ... 61,844 9 2 - 4'3 *7 7=1 63,193 *3 li 62,258 6 9

21ft - D° 45,5*9 *7 10 1 . 44,966 12 5 . - - 44,685 16 7 - 834 1 3 44,966 12 5 45,519 17 10

aoth D° 55,405 j4 i\ I 20,000 37,121 1a - - - 55,101 8 si > 329 a r 57,121 i» 3i 55^30 10 icj

19th D° 36,668 14 7 1 . | 36,782 8 3 - - " 35,979 7 10 ‘1 - 639 6 9 36.782 8 3 36,668 14 7

;<• TOTAL 6th Year - £. 199,827 16 8 j 20,000 — — 182,064 6 3 - - - 197,611 2 4} * 2,266 7 8‘ 202,064 6 3 i9<,377 10 X t

Accruing Interest,; per annum, on 894,761 — 3 Capital, at 5.per-Cont. - 44>73* 1 —

y D° - - D° - - D° - 20, COO — D° - at 3|-per-CenL - 7 co — —*

914*761 — 3 ■a . e agae Capital ——

Of which, Haifa Year due 15th March next ...... £.12,719 — *J

Jth January «*e3. «*,. *---

V«, -•

842

Appendix.

A. 1803.

dix,

J7)

Ireland._Account of the Commissioners for the Redutton of the National Debt-confiW.

Dr.

SINKING FUND TO LOANS - - - - c'-

tSo2.*-LOAN5 prior to 2797s

To 'Sit Month* Interest oo 39S.7S3. 12* U« Stock, C-per-Cer.t. per annum, due 25th March iSo2

To Six Months Interest, at 5-per-Cent. on £. 60,033. 13. 8. Fn«liib, is £. 65,036. 9. 10. Irish, due 25th March 2802 - ......

To S'x Month* Inters on £. 426,006 7. If. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1802

To Six Months Interest on £. 10,000 Stock, 3*-per-Cent. per annum, cue 25th September i3oi -

To Six Months interc*ft, at 5 per-Cent. on £ 60,033. 13. 8.

is £. 65,036. 9. 10. Irish* due 25th September I6C2 - -*

To One Year’s Issue of the Sum appropriated to purchase Stock in Ireland, by 37 Geo. Ill- due 29th Septcmbei ......

To One Year’s Issue of Expired Annuities* due 29th September iSo» ......

To Profit 00 Exchange ......

Out of which is to be deduced:

Chjrgta incurred by receiving and remitting Interest of Stock in England - - •

1802,—LOAN of 1797, for /.500,000s

To Six Months Interest on £. 31,813. 19. I- Stock, 5-per-Cont. per annum* due 25th March 1802

To Six Months Interest on £. 35,087. 16. 5. Stock, 5-per-Cont. per annum, due 25th September 1802

To p?id the Bank, being One Year’* Appropriation of 1-per-Cent. due 29th September 2802 -

x8ci.—LOAN of 1797, for £.635,009:

To Six Months Interest on £.40,403, 14* 5* Stock, 5-per-C-fnt. per annum, due 25th March 1802 -

To Six Months Interest on £.44,562. 10. 7. Stoclp, 5-per-Cenu per annum, due 25th September 1802

To Cash paid the Bank, b-irg One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1802 -

1S01.—LO A N of 1798, for £. 328,000:

To Six Months Interest on £. 15,737* xo. II. Stock, 5-per«Cont. per annum, due 15th M^rch i8cx -

To Six M >oths Interest on £. 17,757. 5. 8*. Stock, S-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1802

ToCalh paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1802 -

1802.—LOAN for 1798, for £. 1,7x5,950:

To Six Months Interest on £ 82,331. 17. 4. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum* due 25th March 1802 -

To Six Months Interest on £ 92,898. 5. |. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1802

To Cast* paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of x per-Ccat. due 29th September 1801 -

1802.—LOAN of 1799, for £. x,oooo ,oeo:

To Six Months Interest on £.65,133. x. 10. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1802 -

To Six Months Iotercft on £.76,782. 15. 3. Stock, S-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1802

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Ceut. due 29th September 180a -

1802.—LOAN of 1800, for £. 2,500,000:

To Six Months Interest on £. 50,138. 15. xx. Stock 5-pet-Cent. per "annum* due 25 th March 1802 -

To Six Months Interest* on £.63,793. 4. 7. Stock 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1802

To Cadi paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 19th September 1802 -

CASH

Received.

rtoi—LOAN of ,802, for £.1,770,232. ,7.

T° C?Th‘ In'*rest °n £*8>74J- II. 7- Stock, 5-per-i.cnt. per annum, due 25th September 1802

®"k* Three Quarters of . Year's

Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due jjTh September 1802

S* January 1S03.

£ *• *■ 9,969 II IO

1.625 3

10,672 13 3

35° — —

1.625 18 3

67,635 * 4

2,250 -p-93 15 3

TOTAL

Received.

94,223 5 2

44 * JO

79S 6 n<

*77 3 11

5,000-----

2,010 X IO

1,114— 9

6,50-----

393 * 9

443 8

3,280 — —

2,0$S 5 XX

2,32% 9 2

17,159 10 —

1,630 t6 7

1,9*9 »* 5

20,000 —

*>*53 9 5

1,594 16 8

25,000 — —

u d.

94*79 3 4

6,671 xo 10J

8*474 7

4»Il7 F 5

n,540 5 1

*3»55o 8

*x8 ix io

13*276 14 io*

c

*7*848 6 I

*3*495 8*

199*877 10 1

1802.—LOANS prior to 1797:

By Stock purchased between 15th December 1S01 and 25th December 1802 * -

1802.—.LOAN of X797, fur £.500,0001

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1801 and 25th December 1802 * ......

1S02.—L O A N of X797» for £-635,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December xSci and 25th December 1802 * - -

1802.—LOAN of 1798, for £.328,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 180x and 25 th December 1802 -

l8ci>-LOAN of 1798, for £.1,715,950*

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1801 and 25th December 1802 - «* - -

1802.—-LOAN of 1799, for £.2,000,000.:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 2802 .....

STOCK.

Bought.

i-

96,245 lg 4

e as u

p»i4.

wn )

6*686 *7 u

*49* 7

4*5 4

21,581 4 8

23,588 , X3 H

6,672 SO X#i

1*474 * 7

4»U7 7 S

*i>$40 5

*3*55°

8-

x8o*.—LOA^I of 1800* for £.2,500,coo*

By Stock purchased between 25th December x8ox and 25th December 1892 * .

1802.—-LOAN of t8oa* for £. 1,770,23*. 17*

By Stock purchased between 24th June 1802 and 25th December 1802

27,886 10 —

*3*457 *• 5

*02,064 6 3

6 1

13*495

199,877

Jer, Vickers, Secretary.

15

To I

M-ir

Tri:

bl

bVw,

hb

Li

fcTwj

Toll

vs i ear, Is III

4

Jr iw,

IoJ'T

4*

si':.:,

To 15

’,r, ic;

;dif

hrj

s.‘j

\n L*

it 7

* D3

b AC*

at q

Sb*« '";i 1

•>' Kit ^>1

A

A;

(I*

8*

Si

(V,

h

Si

Ha

8.,

0$

v,

l!,

h

hi

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

843

Ireland.—Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—co?itinued.

D' - - - A GENERAL STATE of the FUND for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT.

Appe

- C'.

To ISSUE, by Act of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners

One Year, to and for 29th September iSoi ......

To Issue on Loan of £. 500,000 by the Bank of Ireland) by Act pa fled 6 h June 1797:

One Year, to and for 29th September x8ox - -

To Iifue on Capital Stock of £. 635,0009 created by Loan under the last recited Act:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1802

To issue on Expired Annuities:

One Year, to ami for ^tn September 1801 -

To Issue on Loan of £. 328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act pafl’cd 4th June 1798 t

One Year, to and for 19th September 1802 -

To Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,715,9509 created by Loan under the

last recited Act:

One Year, to and for 29th September (802 -

To issue on Capita! Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan, by Act passed 7th May 1799:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1802 -

To IiTue on Capital Srock of £. 2,5oo>oooo, created by Loan, by Act pafl*ed xft Au^uft 180c:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1802 - - - * -

To I flue on Capital Stock of £.1,770,232. 17. 1. created by Loan, by Act passed 3d June iSc2:

Thiee Quarters of a Year, to and for 29th September 1802 ...

To INTEREST on Stock purchased:

In IRELAND:

For S'.x Months, to 25 March 1802, on £.684,442. X2. J.

at 5-pei-Cent. - - - - £. 17, Ilf X 3^}

Fbr Six D* - to 25 Sept. i8c2, on £. 766,530. 17. l^.

at - - D* - 19,163 5 8

Tor Six to 15 D° 1S02, on £.20,000. o. o.

at 3-i D> - - - - 350-----

In ENGLAND:

For Six Months, to 25 March i3oi, on £.65,036. 9. xo.

at 5-pir-Cent. - - - - £. 1,625 18 3

For Six D9 - to 25 Sept. 1802, on £*65.036. 9. 10.

at - - D° L- - . * - 1,625 18 3

To Profit on Exchange -

67,63$

i. d.

* 4

5»oooo — —

6,350-----

2, X5« — —

3.280-----

i7.>5, «o —

20,000 -

25,000 — — 13,176 14 10}

By PAYMENT for Debentures bought, and Stock purchased, frond 15th December 1801 to 24th December 1802, to Amount of £. 202,064. 6; 3*

By BALANCE for Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £. 1,500. 16. 10. English, for Six Months Interest on £.69,033. 13. 8. English, to 25th March and 25th September 1802 --*-*-•*

199,877 xo

d.

39.876 S Ji

93 IS 3

I99,92X II 11

44 1 10

199,921 n XI

Ax ACCOUNT of the Whole Expences attending the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners for Reducing the National Debt 3 and of the Clerks and other Gflicers appointed by them j and of the Annual Allowance for their Service.

Ter* Vickers, Secretary, per annum Robert Deey, Broker - per d^ -

Commission, Brokerage, Poft3ge, and Infurante of Bills on receiving and admitting 1 wo l>ivi ends «i £. 1,500. 16. 10. Eng ith, for Six Months Interest on £.60,033. 13. 8. English, to 25th Maich and

2$th September Ido- - ...... £- 1 10

FoiLge here - . * - - — 4 —

Stationary and Incidental Charges, from 25th December 1S01 to 24th December 1801 - - - . -

5th January 1803.

£• '• 200 *— 100 —

d.

44

18

5 *0

6

Si

362 12

-I

An ACCOUNT of EXPIRED TERMS and ANNUITIES 1785.

Short Annuities, expired 25th December 1797 5 yearly

£. t. 1

2,250 — —

Jer. flickers. Secretary.

y

As ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1802, for that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, have been Disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads.

SERVICES.

Forces:

Army, with Garrisons and their Incidents, including £.23,156. a. 6J, being one Third of the Grant for Small Beer for the Forces -

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals -Recruiting, and Contingencies for the Army, Extra Forage, and Watch Coats -Militia and Fencible Infantry ■» £. ^59*3-23 2

Contingencies for Ditto ----- 9,500-----

Two-thirds of £.69,468. 7. 7}. granted for SmaJI Beer for the

Forces - - - - -46,312 5 1

Mutter Matter General, &c. -

Marching Allowances -

Half Pay and Reduced Officers -

Royal Hospital, Kilinuinham Officers Widows -

\ oluuteer Corps, Cavalry, and Infantry -

Barrack Department - - , ——

Hospital Contingencies, including Royal Military Infirmary -Extraordinaries for the Army -

lull Pay to Supernumerary Officers Ordnance -

Carried forward

Sums Granted. Sums Paid Remains

£■ s. d. £■ S. d. £■ £. d.

855.57s 18 839,931 19 16,341 19 1

38,695 1 4l 38,682 5 24 12 l6 2

243.284 13 86,255 6 5i 157,029 7 1

715>135 7 6 714,912 6 3 322 19 3

7.4po 18 3? 7.479 10 4l 10 18 Mf

*25,600 6,283 6 3 19.3l6 13 9

4,j75° 19 23,703 8 18,047 11 4*

43>7°3 i3 38,142 4 H 5.560 15 5i

5.569 3 l°f 5,569 3 io£ -

224,567 18 1 196,836 4 9$ 27,731 13 3i

308,955 18 n 267,712 18 1 41.243 — 7i

<23,560 2 13,092 2 11 10,467 17

323,000 —< — 319.651 7 xof 5.348 12

1,300 _ — - - 1,300 —

19 n£ 155^00 — —1 64,999 *9

3,080,186 19 4? 2,712,552 15 -1 367»634 F|;

Appendix, (No. 27 )

l3* Februarii, continued.

11

844

Appendix.

A. 1803--

SERVICE S —continued.

Brought forward -Miscellaneous Services:

Pratique for the Port of Dubiin ......

Civil Buddings *, ......

Apprehending Ofenders ——

Criminal Proiecu 11011s ——

Printing Proclamations ......

Printing Statutes - "

Printing and Stationary for Public Offices -

Treasury Incidents - - - . " "

Building Law Offices -

Working Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow -

Cloathing Battle Axe Guards ......

Printing Journals of Irish Uoufe of Lords -

Ditto - - — of Inlh House of Commons Civil Contingencies - - - - '

Linen Manufacture Board of Firit Fruits -Dublin Society -Farming Society Commdlioners for Paving,

Public Boards:

&e.

Commissioners ol YV ide Streets -

Public Hospitals and Schools:

The Incorporated Society for promoting Lngliih Protestant Schools -The Found!.ng Hospital -

The Hibernian Murine School -

The Hibernian Military School -

Lock liolpital -

Roman Catholic Seminary - -

House of Indufrry ——

'I he Society for discountcnancing Vice ——

The Female Orphan House -

Penitentiary for young Criminals -

Fever Hospital -

Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations -

Public Officers for several Services: Accountant General ——

Deputy Accountant General -

Paymaster of Corn Bounties -

Examinator of Corn Bounties -

Inl’pedor General of Imports and Exports -

Eirft Clerk to ditto ——

Examinator of Excise -

Clerk in the AudiLor of the Exchequer s Office -

Treasury Bills

iar 18^2, for Ireland, have been Diipoied of—c

Sums Granted. Sums Paid.'

£. s. d.

- 3,o8o,i&6 19 4^ 2,7 15

_ 1,047 10 2 1,047 IO 2

25,000 25,000

‘2,500 1,336 — lj

25,000 22,846 IQ

7,026 9 101 7,009 6 7--

942 1 7^ 942 1 1%

- 19,680 9 6 19,651 1 7f

*2,000 2,000

6,000 — —- 6,000 — —

* 2,000 1*685 u 3}

74° 740

- 2,517 »8 + 2,517 18 4

- »°.33» 5 1 10,331 5 1

54,166 13 4 51,019 13 ti I

21,600 21,600

- 5,000 5,000 — —

10,000 10,000

2,000 2,000

- 10,000 io, ugo

4,500 4,500

_ 19,56216 7 19,562 16 7

- 17.5°° — 17*500

2,160 13 8

- 4,500 4,500

6,186 5,833 IO' 2|

8,000 8,000

18,487 8 1 18,487 8 1

675 675

5oo 500

2,025 2,025

1,500 U5°o

- 300 300

34o 340

- , 240 240

800 800

200 200

- 250 250

200 — — 200

200 200

- 200 200

£■ 3,376,066 5 8 3,001,25412 2

403,150 369,000 —

£■ 3,779,216 5 8 3.370.25412 2

contimud.

Ttcmahis.

d.

4

1,163 19 10J V53 — 4r 17 3 S

29 7 io|

314 8 H

3,14(3 iq 41

352 9 9\

374,811 13 6 34>i50-----

408,961 13 6

G. Cavtndljh.

An ABSTRACT of the P..ECEIPTS and ISSUES of the Treasury in Ireland, in One Year, from the 5th January 1802

to the 5th January 1803: Together with the Remains.

REMAINS

1

.2 W

I j-

Cm C J C 13

' Linen -

Improving Dublin ——

King’s Inns ——

< j Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings

5th January 1802: J ^Voluntary Contributions ——

Consolidated Fund -

- £-49° 10 9JI

- 1.194 1 —

OOOO -

114 14 6

- 14,030 1 4J.

[ (

w

o

I <

U

Revenue -

Quit Rents -

Casualties -

DifmilTed Collectors -

Stamps ——

Ditto - (from the Bank of Ireland, in lieu of Stamp Duties)

£• 181,616 18 10

1,500-----

Postage - -

Duty on Wrought Plate -

Public Coal Yards - - . - ® -

Wool Licences -

Four-Shilling Tax on Salaries and Pensions, to 25th March 1801 -

Ditto - - - on Profits of Employments, to fame time ——

Poundage Fee in One year, to 5th January 1803 ......

Pells Fee - - fame time -

From the Commissioners of the Navy in Great Britain, on Account of Advances made by

several Collectors in Ireland, for Seamens Wages ......

Sales of Quit Rent ......

Rom sundry Persons, on further Account of Rice, India Corn, &c. fold for Account of Government ——

From the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Interest on £.6,023. 6j. 8 d. in Exchequer Bills, at £.vper-Cent. per annum, for Haifa Year to 25th December 1801, issued

them pursuant to Ad of Session 1800 - -

Carried forward -

£■ S. d.

16.435 7 8

394.668 5 /

3,030,686 15 -i

09 9 3l

4.597 2 2

i,m 9 5

183,116 18 10

40,676 9 3i

1,976 5 11

1,780 — —

358 18 8

963 6 8

2,017 18 5

44,072 1 H

8,814 5 9

22,236 17 6

20 10

7,106 15 7 j

150 11 8

- -

£■ d-

411,103 13 3

411,103 13 3

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

845

Abstract of the Receipts and Ilfues of the Treasury in Ireland—continued.

0

1

H

P-

W

U

fd

cS

•d

a

o

O

Brought forward -

From the Corporation of Paving, to complete £.2,500. an Overpayment of the Proportion of the Grant to them in Session 1800, purliiant to Act of Parliament Session 1801, dilappropriating so much thereof as was applicable to the Period from 1 ft January to the 3 ill March 1801 -

From the Barrack Mailer General, the Amount of the Sale by Auction of the Guard Houses, &c. erected by Government at the different Avenues leading to and round Dublin More, for the Amount of the Sale by Auction of Wooden Huts of a temporary Barracks at the re re of Kerry House, Stephen's Green, Dublin -

From the Board of Works, the Net Produce of a Sale by Auction of old Furniture, in December 1802 ——

From 21 ft Regiment of Light Dragoons, the Amount arising from the Sale of certain Horses fold in August 1802 ——

From 23d Ditto - - Money arising from the Sale of Ilorfes of said Regiment, from ill August to 24th September 1802 -

Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain -From Great Britain, being One-third of the Profit on Lotteries for the Year 1802, £.185,000. British ——

From Great Britain, a Loan to pay Lottery Prizes, £.276,000. British -From Great Britain, a Loan of £. 2,000,000 British, by which a Debt is created of £. 2,639,250 British, making £.2,859,187. 10s. Irish, at£.3-per-Cent. per annum, from fun dry dates -

On Debentures, a Loan of£.1,625,000. by which a Debt is created of£.1,770,232.17s. id.

at £.3. 10s. per-Cent. per annum, from 25 December 1801 -

On Exchequer Bills, from 24 June 1802, at £. 5-per-Cent. per annum, and payable 24 June 1803 -

On Exchequer Bills, from 24 July 1802, at £. 5-per-Cent. per annum, and payable 24 July 1803 ——

■§ f Linen

.2 I Lagan Navigation c-H* Improving Dublin

j King's Inns

LRoyal Exchange and Commercial Buildings

d.

588-----\

99 — 101 35 10 1$ 513 1 11 67 15 6 2,928 7 5

34,780 13 y£

200,416 13 4

299.000 -

2,166,666 13 4 1,625,000-----

600.000 — —

100.000 -

2,929 13

1,997 10 — 8,444 4 10

3,050-----

1,516 2 4.J

£. d.

4iM°3 *3 3

8,379,851 u ®

17,937 11 —

8,808,892 15 11

go

cn co

"O

Ci

3

3

c

o

U

Civil List Pensions

c

s

s*

Pm

a,

a

M

"Public Infirmaries -

Public Coal Yards

Army Baggage -

Lottery Expences -

Police Establishment

Inspector General of Prisons -

Transportation of Felons -

Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts

Imp rest Office -

Secret Sendee in dctedling Treasonable Conspiracies Annuities and Compensation Allowances Judges Additional Salaries, dec. -

Dilembodied Militia ——

Prizage -

Army, including Garrisons and their Incidents General Officers and Medical Staff Mutier Matter General, <S:c. -Recruiting, Contingencies, and Extra Forage -Half-Pay Officers, Reduced Chaplains, &c.

Oilicers Widows -

Ordnance -

Barracks -

Royal Hospital -

Military llospitals and Royal Military Infirmary Fencibles and Militia -

Volunteer Corps -

Marching Allowances -^Army Extraordinaries -

22 f Public Officers, for several Services g I Public llospitals and Schools O ( Public Boards -

Miscellaneous Services

Civil Contingencies -

3

a

£. s. d.

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Deposits, &c. Relief of Loyalists -

Compensation for Losses by the Union -

Inland Navigations -

Lottery7 Prizes -

Principal «f Exchequer Bills -Interetl, Annuities, and Management on Funded Debt Sinking Fund and Management -Interest on Exchequer Bills -

VOL. 58*

Carried forward -

10 F

3-125

1,386

21,533

7,°45

15,521

200

22,826

L477

3,100

6,701

96,991

27,175

78>787

4,123

16 0

1 7

4 3; 8 8|

19

6 4?

— 7

14 15

17 4-’

14 5

14 n

839,231

36,68-1

7,479

86,255

23,703

5.569

1

267,712

38,142

13,092

7‘4,9i2

196,836

6,283

319,651

19

5

19

6 8

3

18

4

2

8

4

6

7

il

2

4i

5.1

21

io|

Si

11

3

9i

3

10

2,430-----

81,044 8 6J

53,100-----

101,107 14 6* 51,01913 u.?

£■ *■ d-

131,760 6 6J 118,076 4 8|

2S9.995 >7 4J

2,712,552 1$ -i

288,701 17 ij 15,687 11 7 J

30,363 13 — 760,132 19

12,000-----

300,044-----

1,094,400-----

1,527,945 8 1 396,563 1 1

91,768 6 —

7,769,992 14

9i

Appcnc (No. 2 28* Febr continue

846

Appendix

A. 1803

pendix, o. 27.) Februarii ntinued.

ppcndix, Vo. 28.) Mart it.

Ji

Abstra& of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland—continued.

Brought forward

I Linen -

J Improving Dublin S King's Inns -

I Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings I Voluntary Contributions -

REMAINS

.2 -i £■§ g.?

c,—*

5th January 1803:

f Linen ...... £-*,9*9

\ Lagan Navigation ----- 1*997

/ Improving Dublin ——

j King’s Inns - - 2,690

Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings - 379

L Voluntary Contributions ----- 14,026

Consolidated Fund

13

10

4

6

1

ij

44

V

£■ s.

49® 10 9f 7.720 1 if

960 -

1,251 10 9

10-----

23.940 16

1,004,527 <1 5f

£• *• d.

7,769.992 14 9f

10,432 2 8

7,780,424 17 5$

1,028,467 18 5J

Treasury, Ireland, \ 3d February 1803. )

8,808,89*2.15 11

G. Cavendish.

Ax ACCOUNT of the TREASURY BILLS of Ireland Outstanding, that will become payable in the Year 1803.

Treasury Bills due and payable 25th March 1803

- - D° ...... 24th June 1803

--D°- ...... 24th July 1803

£. s. d.

- 386,250

- 600,000

- 100,000

£ 1,086,250

"James

A LIST of OFFICERS whose Accounts are Audited by the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland: And also, a List of Persons Accountable before the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, for Money Iinprelted on Account, and for Extraordinary Services, in Ireland.

A LIST of OFFICERS whose Accounts are Audited by the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.

Governors of the Foundling Hospital.

Governors of the Lying-in-Hospital.

Governors of St. Patrick's Hospital.

Governors of the House of Industry.

Governors of the Hibernian Marine Nursery.

Governors and Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital. Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

Trustees of the Roman Catholic College.

Trustees of the Circular Road.

Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

Trustees for Distributing Bounties.

Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin. Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda. Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast. Directors and Commissioners for Paving.

Commissioners of Wide Streets.

Incorporated Society for Protestant Charter Schools.

Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children.

Dublin Society.

Commercial Buildings Company.

Corporation for Dii’counteniincing Vice, &c.

Director of the Public Coal Yards in Dublin.

Director of the Public Coal Yards in Cork. Superintendant Magistrate.

Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan-House. Commissioners of First Fruits.

Law Courts and Offices.

Ballast-Office, Wexford.

Commissioners for Liquidating the National Debt. Navigation Board.

Barrow Navigation Company.

River Boyne Company.

Grand Canal Company.

Royal Canal Company.

Shannon Navigation.

Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Board of Works.

N. B. These Accounts are in general audited Annually by the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland.

it.T. Herbert.

Account Office, Dublin, > Rich.

23d February 1803. J Cane.

A LIST of PF. RSONS Accountable before the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, for Money Imprested on

Account and for Extraordinary Services, in Ireland.

All Persons receiving Aid from Parliament, for Building or carrying into Execution the following Works; viz.

Harbours and Quays. Gaols.

Pi^rs. Hospitals.

Canals. Bridges.

Navigable Rivers. Collieries.

Churches. Military Roads.

Colleges and Schools.

Also, all Military Accounts under the Head of

Regimental.

Commissariat.

General Officers.

Ditto for Bat and Forage on taking the Field.

Charges of Governors of Garrisons.

Forage.

Encampments.

Barracks.

Ordnance.

Military Contingent Accounts. Inspector General of Recruits. Director General of Hospitais.

Also, all Persons whatever that have Public Money imprested to them for any Services, that the Lord-lieutenant, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTreaiury, shall direct to furnilli their Accounts, are by Law accountable before the Commissioners of Iinpreft Accounts in Ireland.

Account Office, Dublin, 23d February 1803.

R. T. Herbert. Rich. Magenis. Maurice Cane.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, as they stood on the 5th of January 1S03;

as far as the fame can be afeertuined.

Interest, Annuities, and Sinking Fund -

Civil List -

Pensions

Annual Payments under several Acts of Parliament

Irish Money.

£ d.

2,040.201 — — 145,000 — —>

100,433-----

280,603 3 11

2,581,327 3 u

JamX

■often.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

847

Jovis, j° die Martii, 1803.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of several Acts, made in the last Session oi the Parliament ot Ireland, and in the 411! and 4‘id years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Revenue of Ireland.

RESOLV ED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Ireland, and upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Ireland, and the several and resperiive Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid or allowed upon the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into or from Ireland (except the Drawbacks and Bounties, allowed by an Act of this Session of Parliament, on Sugar exported from Ireland) do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, following, be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Appe

(No.

3*

1. Schedule (A.)

A.

the lb.

Adianthum, -

Agates; viz.

-----polished or otherwise manufactured - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Rough, small as Bean - - the 100 dozen

-----Rough, large - the piece

-----Rough, small - for every £. 100 of the value

Ale. fee Beer.

Alkali; viz.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Sal. fee Sal Alkali. Alkanet Root Alkermcs; viz.

-----Confedio

Syrup -

- the lb.

- the oz. Troy

- the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

Almond Paste - -Almonds; viz.

-----Bitter ----- the cwt.

-----— Jordan ----- the cwt.

----- in the (hell - - - - the 1,000

--of any other fort - - - the cwt.

-----Oil of. fee Oil.

Aloes; viz.

-----Succotrina, or Socotorina - the lb.

-----Hepatica, and any other fort - - the lb.

Alum;

-----Roch Alum ----- the cwt.

-— (free for Dyers use.)

Amber - - the lb.

•-----Beads, fee Beads.

-----Oil of. fee Oil.

Ambergris - the oz. Troy

Ambra Liquida - - for every £. 100 of the value Ammoniacum; viz.

— -----Gum. fee Gum Ammoniacus.

— -----Sal. fee Sal Ammoniacus.

Anchor Stocks, fee Wood.

Anchovies - "the barrel, containing 16 lb. of Fish Angelica ----- the lb.

Animi Gum. fee Gum.

Aniieeds. fee Seeds.

----- Oil of. fee Oil.

Annotto ----- the lb.

— ----- (free for Dyers use.)

Antimonium; viz.

~— ----- Crudium - the cwt.

-----Preparatum, or Stibium - - the lb.

Apparel - - - for every £. too of the value

— ---and a further Duty, if of Silk, or mixed with

Silk - for every lb. thereof

Apples ...... the bushel

'—-----dried ----- the bulliei

Aquafortis ----- the cwt.

""— ----- (free for Dyers use.)

Arabic Gum. fee Gum.

Arangoes. Jte Beads.

Archeiia. fee Orchelia.

Argentum, vivum. fee Quicksilver.

Argol * the cwt.

7- (free for Dyers use.)

Aristolochia, or Birthwort - the lb.

Armoniac. fee Bole Armoniacum.

Arquebusade.} - , .

Arrack. f fce SPmts.

Arrow Root - - for every cwt.

-----of the growth or produce of the British Plantations or Colonies in America - the cwt.

-----of the produce of the United States of Ame-

rica. fee Schedule B.

Arsenic ----- the cwt.

TTl— for Dyers use.)

Ailafatid* - . \

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Alarum Root

or Bitumen Judaicum -. - for every 100 of the value

UrH>igmentura. fee Orpiment.

Bacon badger Skins, fee Skins. Balks, fee Wood.

B.

the cwt.

Duty.

£■ *• d.

OO4

18 8 6

048 002 18 8 6

30 o o o

9 1

30 O

0 14

1 3 o o o 19

o 1 o o

Drawback.

089 o o 10

0 2 0 30 O O

038 0 0 5

o 8

o o 30 o

5 1

o o o 1 O 3

s. d. 004

058

006

200 o 10 o

076

18 8 o 4

o o 18 8

30

o 1

30 O

0 14

1 3 o o o 19

o 1 o o

18 8

o 10 6

089 o o 10

020

30 o o

038

005

o 8 o o 30 o

5 1

o o o 1

058

006

200 o 10 o

0 7 6

18 8

o 10 6

1. Schedule (A.)

Balls; viz.

-----Tennis Balls - the 1,000

-----Washing Balls - the lb.

Balm of Gilead, fee Balsam, Natural.

Balsam; viz.

-----Artificial ----- the lb.

-----Canada - - - - the lb.

-----Copaiba or Capivi - the lb.

-----Natural - - - the lb.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Band Strings - the dozen knots

-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further

Duty - - - - for every lb.

Band String Twist - - - the dozen knots

----- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a

further Duty for every lb.

Barbadoes Tar. fee Tar.

Barilla. Free.

Bark, being for Tanning or Dyers use, free.

-----Jesuits. fee Cortex Peruvianus.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - - for every jf. 100 of the value

Barley, fee Com.

-----Hulled, fee Pearl Barley.

Barras. fee Canvass, in Linen.

Barr Wood, (free if for Dyers use.)

Basket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding 3 feet in circumference at the band ——

Baskets; viz.

-----Hand Baskets - the dozen

-----Wicker Baskets - for every £. 100 of the value

Bast or Straw Hats, or Bonnets, fee Hats.

----- Platting or other manufacture of Bast or

Straw for making Hats or Bonnets, fee Platting. T' ----- the cwt.

fee Wood.

Bast Ropes Battens.

Batten Ends.

Battery Bayberries. fee Berries.

Bay or MyrUe Wax. fee Wax.

Bay Yarn, fee Woollen Yarn, in Yarn. Beads; viz.

----- Amber Beads -

-----Arangoe - -

----- Bone or Box

----- Box. fee Bone.

----- Coral Beads

----- Chrystal Beads

-----Jasper

----- Jet Beads -

the cwt.

- the lb. for every £. 100 of the value the great gross

Duty.

- the lb. - the 1,000

the 1,000 stones

__________ - the lb.

not otherwise enumerated or described - - for every £. 100 of the value

Beans, fee Corn.

—— Kidney or French Beans, fee Garden Seeds, in Seeds.

Bear Skins, fee Skins.

Beaver Skins, fee Skins.

-----Wool, fee Wool.

Bed Feathers, fee Feathers.

Beech Boards. 1

----- Plank. > fee Wood.

----- Quarters, j

Beef, whether salted or otherwise. fee Provisions. Bere, or Bigg, fee Corn.

Beer; viz.

-----Mum - - the barrel, containing 32 gallons

-----Spruce Beer * the barrel, containing 32 gallons

-----or Ale of all other forts - the barrel, containing

32 gallons

Bees Wax. fee Wax.

Bell Metal, fee Metal.

Belvidere Ratlins, fee Raisins.

Benjamin - - - - " * the lb.

Bergamot, Essence of - for every £. 100 of the value Berlins, fee Carriages!

Berries; viz.

_______gay ----- the cwt.

----- (free if for Dyers use.)

-----Juniper ----- the cwt.

:_______Yellow - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----(free if for Dyers use.)

Drawback.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d.

O 5 O 19 5

O 0 5 O 0 5

O 1 5 O 1 5

O 0 7 O 0 7

O 1 0 O i 0

O 1 9 0 1 9

30 0 0 3° 0 0

O 7 6 O 7 6

5 1 8 5 1 8

0 3 1 0 3 i

5 1 - 8 5 1 8

30 O O

* 4

o

18

2 14 4

19

8

o 10 2

o

30

5 7

2

8

30 O 4

* 4

o

18

1 3 8

1 1

2 14 4

0 6 8 0 6 S

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 9 10 0 9 10

0 10 8 0 10 8

0 18 10 0 18 10

0 17 0 0 17 0

0 1 6 0 1 6

30 0 0 30 0

19 S

8 o

o 10 2

0

30

1 7

o o

5 7

2 o 8 I

848

Appendix.

A. 1803. <3

pendix,

o. 29.)

Marti/,

vti/iued.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

Schedule (A.)

Berries—-continued.

Berries not otherwise enumerated or described, not being Drugs, and not being for the purpose ol dying - - for every £. 100 of the value

Birds, Singing Birds - the dozen

Biscuits. Jet Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. fee Asphaltum.

Blacking ----- the cwt.

Black lilt ten. fee Latten.

Black Lead, fee Lead.

Bladders - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Blades for Foils ...... the dozen

-----—for Razors - the dozen

Blankets, or Blanketting - the yard

Blubber. Jee 'Brain Oil, in Oil.

Boards, fee Wood.

Buie Annoniac, or Armenian Bole - - the cwt.

Bone Lace, fee Lace.

Bones and Hoofs of Cattle - for every £. 100 of the , value

Bonnets. Jee Hats.

Books; viz.

—— bound - - - - - the cwt.

-----unbound - the cwt.

Boom Spars, fee Spars, in Wood.

Borax; viz.

-----refined ----- the lb.

-----unrefined, or Tincal - the lb.

Bottles; viz.

- -----of Fai th, or Stone - the dozen

-----of Glass, covered with wicker - for every

£. 100 of the value

-----of Green or Common Glass, full or empty, not of less content than one pint, and not being phials - - for every £. 100 of the value

Note. Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.

Bowls, or Buckets of Wood, not bound with Iron - the

dozen

jBowfprits. fee Mails, in Wood.

Boxes; viz.

-----Dressing Boxes - - for every £. 100 of the

value

- — Ned Boxes - - the gross of 12 dozen nests,

each nett 8 boxes

-----Pill Boxes - - the gross of 12 dozen nelts,

each nelt 4 boxes

-----— Sand Boxes - - the gross of 12 dozen

-----Snuff Boxes, not of Silver or Gold - for every

£. 100 of the value

Box Wood, fee Wood.

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass - for every £. 100

of the value

Brandy, fee Spirits.

Brais; viz.

----- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, or charged with Duty - for every

£. 100 of the value

*----- Old. fee Shruff.

-----Wire, fee Wire.

Brazil Wood. } , ...

Brazilletto Wood, j *t( 00 '

Bread, or Biscuits. Jee Pnuiflons.

Bricks ...... ' the 1,000

Brimstone - the cwt.

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Duty paid on Brimltone shall be drawn back on being tiled in certain manufactures, fee 40 Geo. III. cap. 43.

Bristles, cirefled - - - . the dozen lbs.

— of Muicovy, or Russia, imported in a Foreign Ship - the dozen lbs.

-----rough or undrdied - - the dozen lbs.

-----,-----of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a Foreign Ship - - the dozen lbs.

Broken Glass. fee Glais.

Bronze Figures and Wares - - for every £. 100 of

the value

Brooms; viz.

-----Flag Brooms or Whisk Brooms - for every

/. 100 of the value

Bruges Thread, fee Thread.

Buck, or Deer Skins. Jee Skins.

Buckets of Wood, fee Bowls of Wood.

Bugle; rt-.

Great - - . _ tl

" Small, or Seed " - - - tl

T\nrr«'f 0r«f?,re'Sn Coin, of Gold or Silver, free.

V Jrl r M, Moncs- I"' Stones.

lillk nr V Ind‘an

igures of Marble or Stone - - for 1

not odierwife enumerated of^defoibed

Butter. fee Provisions. CVery £' l°° of ValuC

Duty. Drawback.

£.s. d. £ «• d-

18 8 6 0 3 6 18 8 6 036

0 14 2 0 14 2

18 8 6 026 020 1 5 0 18 8 6 026 020 1 5 0

0 2 10 0 2 10

18 8 6 18 8 6

2 15 0 1 13 8 215 0 1 13 8

~ 0 0 0 014 0 0 4

0210 0210

<0 0- 0 0 94 0 0

83 0 0 83 0 0

012 012

18 18 6 18 18 6

0 15 7 0 15 7

020 042 020 042

30 0 0 30 0 0

5*2 0 0 52 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 5 3 026 0 5 3 I 026

0 5 4 054

0 5 9 014 059 014

016 016

30 0 0 30 0 0

24 0 0 24 0 0

0 1 3 0 2 ‘j I013 10 2 2

j 18 8 ( 5 18 8 6

; 18 8 ( 5 18 8 6

1. Schedule (A.) Duty. Drawback. 1 1

C. £■ s. d. £ 9. d. CM

Cables, tarred or untarred - the cwt. O 17 4 0 17 4 .—■

Cable Yarn. Jee Yarn. T

Caddas, or Cruel Ribband, the dozen Pieces - - each

piece containing 36 yards O 11 6 0 11 6

and further, if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, fkr:

for e\ cry pound wei: glit thereof 5 l 8 5 1 8 lib

Caflby - per yard 0 2 8 0 2 8 [;rp

and further, if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, hr:

for every pound wei, ght thereof 5 I 8 5 1 8 (w.

Cake Lac. fee Gum Lac. Cheil:

Calabar Skins, fee Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. Jce Lapis. —

Calamus ----- the lb. 0 0 3 0 0 3

Calavances. fie Provisions. sum

Calico; viz.

White - per yard 0 4 8 0 4 8 ft in

Printed, painted, stained, or dyed per yard 0 5 6 0 5 6 (lkj

Calve Skins. Jce Skins.

Cameletto, half Silk, half Hair per yard 0 3 3 0 3 3

and further, for every pound weight thereof 5 1 8 5 1 8 ib

Catnbogium. Jee Gamboge. —

Camels Hair. Jtc Hair.

or Mohair Yarn, fee Yarn. fco-

Camomile Flowers - the lb. 0 0 n 0 0 2 Cftf

Cam phi re; viz. Cay ('i.oj

Refund - the lb. 0 1 6 0 1 6

Unrefined - the lb. 0 0 9 0 0 9 L'j

Cam Wood, (free if for Dyers use.) fee Wood. llfJk

Canada Balsam. fie Dallam. ' U ..

Canary Seed, fie Seed. U’tll C;‘.roi

Candles; viz.

*— of Spermaceti - the cwt. 1 18 0 1 18 0

of Tallow - the cwt. 0 18 5 0 18 5

of Wax - the cwt. 2 6 ’3 2 6 8 r..

Candle-wick ----- the cwt. 0 14 10 0 *4 10 U.r.. |V I

pane Hats, or Bonnets, fee Hats.

-----Platting, or other Manufactures of Cane, to make

Hats or Bonnets. Jee Platting.

Canes; viz.

----- Rattans, - - - for every £. 106 of the value

----- Reed Canes - the 1,000

(If for Manufacturers use free.)

----- Walking Canes, not being mounted - the 1,000

Cans of Wood, not bound with Iron - - the dozen

Cantharides ----- the lb.

Canval’s. fee Linen.

Capers ----- the lb.

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads -Caps; viz.

----- of Cotton - - - for every £. 100 of the value

----- of Woollen and Worsted - for every jT. 100 ot

the value

Cardamoms - - the lb.

Cards; viz.

----- playing Cards ----- the dozen packs

Cariophyilorum Oleum, fee Oil of Olives.

Carmenia Wool, fee Goats Hair, in Hair.

Carpets; viz.

-----of Turkey, containing less than 4 yards square

the carpet

-----containing four yards lVjuare or upwards - the carpet

—— not otherwise enumerated or described - for ' every £. 100 of the value

Carrabbe or Succinum. fee Amber.

Carraway Seed, fee Seed.

Carriages with or without the appurtenances - for every £. 100 of the value And for further Duty on the I larness, it ot Leather, fee Leather manufactured, in L. If of Silk,y<r Silk manufactured, in S. Carrot Seed, fee Datums Seed, in Seed.

Cartbamus Seed, fee Seed.

Carui Olimn. Jce Oil of Carraway.

Calhcw Gum. fee Gum.

—----- Nuts, fee Nuts.

Casks, empty - the tun, 252 gallons of the content

18 8 6

0 4 3

500 o 12 020

003

022

40 o o

40 o o 010

1124

10

10

30

18 8 6

Callia Buds

— ' Fiftula

— ----- Lignea

C alter

-----Oil. Jee Oil.

Catlings -Cat-ikins. jce Skins.

Cattle alive; viz.

----- Bulls, Cows, and Oxen,

for every £. 100 of the value

- the 11).

- . - - the 1!).

the ib.

- - the gross of 12 dozen knots

Caviare - -

Cayenne Pepper, fie Pepper.

CarutTa. Jee White Lead.

Chuifes. Jee Carriages*.

Chalk for evejy £. too of

Chumecmeli Flores, fie Camomile Flower: ChanileU, unwatered, or Mohair

for every £. 100 of the value the cwt.

:C value

the yard

18 8 6 0 4 3

500 0 1 2 020

003

022

to 0 0

jjy 0 0

0 1 0

1 12 4

10

10

3®

0 0

18 8 6

"o'

(V

J

9

1 9

18 8 6

1 9

7 11

iS S

S' 0

Ik:

Us

hi’

ter

hi:,

Cxva

(#$!

ben

Co-

f G; I /’

c

I-.

• li

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

84 9

* i.tk

1 C

I ‘

3 9 {

i •'■Ji! j U;

•. 3 ,

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

Schedule (A.)

Chainlets—continued.

-----— watered - the yard

-----half Silk, half hair - - - - the yard

.-----and further, if made of, or mixed with Silk,

for every pound weight thereof Chariots, fee Carriages.

Cheese ----- the cwt.

Chemical Oil. fee Oil.

Cherries - . the cwt.

Chesnuts. fee Nuts.

Chests of Iron, small - the piece not exceeding one

yard in length

— -----l^rge, - the piece, exceeding one yard

' in length

Chimney pieces of Marble, or Stone sculptured. fee Stone.

China Roots ----- the lb.

China, Porcelaine, or Earthern Ware, not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100

of the value

Chip Hats or Eonnets. fe Hats.

— Manufactures of, to make ilats or Bonnets, fee

Platting.

Chocolate ----- the lb.

Cider - the ton of 252 gallons

Cinders, fee Coals.

Cinnabar, fee Vermillion.

Cninabaris - the lb.

Cinnamon ----- the lb.

Cinramoni Oleum, fee Oil of Cinnamon.

Citterns of Lattcn - the lb.

Citron preserved with Salt - - for every 100 of

the value

----- preserved with Sugar, fee Succards.

— — Water, ft Spirits.

Civet - the 0z. troy

Clap Boards, fee Boards in Wood.

Clay, Fire Clay, and Sand Clay, free.

Clocks of Wood - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----not of Wood - for every £. 100 of the value

Cloths, Woollen, fee Drapery.

Clover Seed, fee Seed.

Cluves ----- the lb.

Coaches, fee Carriages.

Coals, Culm, or Cinders - - - the ton

further, if imported into Dublin Harbour (and not for the use of the Glass, Sugar, and Salt Manufactories) - - for every ton

Cobalt, or Zatiree - for every £. 100 of the value Cochineal ----- the lb.

(free if for Dyers Use.)

Cocoa Nuts- ----- the lb.

Coculus indicus ----- the lb.

Co tie a; viz.

— --- of any Britishi Colony or Plantation in Ame-

rica ----- the cwt.

— ----- of the produce of any other Country or Place

the cwt.

-----subject also to a Duty of F.xcifo.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Co lice may on Importation he secured in Warehouses, fee 37 Geo III. chapter 5*.

Coin; viz.

— --- of Copper, fee Copper.

-----Foreign, of Gold or Silver, free.

Cole Seed, fee Seed.

Colophunia, or White Itozin - - the cwt.

Coloquintida ----- the lb.

Colours for Painters, fee Painters Colours.

Colnmba Root ----- the lb.

Comfits ...... the lb.

Coney Skins, fee Skins.

-----Wool, fee Wool.

Contrayerva Radix, fee Radix.

Copaibas, or Capivi Balsam. fee Balsam.

Copal Gum. fee Gum.

Copper; viz.

— ----- Ore ----- the cwt.

* -----unwrought; viz.

----- Copper Bricks, Rofc Copper, and

all cast Copper - - - - the cwt.

~~----- in Plates, and Copper Coin - - - the cwt.

* ----- Part wrought; viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots,

hammered or raised - - the cwt.

"—-— Manufactures of Copper and Copper Plates engraved - for every £. 100 of the value

----- Wire, fee Wire.

Copperas J, viz.

* -----Blue ----- the cwt.

-----— Green •- - - - the cwt.

(If for the Purposes of Dying, free) '

~-----White - - - the cwt.

Coral; viz.

’ — Beads, fee Beads.

VOL. 58.

Duty.

£. s.

0 6

1 10

2 6

4°

30

18

30

1

17

Drawback.

O

O

d.

2

o

8

5

4

1 10

i 6

2 6

o

18

o

o

o

1

8

0 10

1 1

18 8

40

1

17

o o

30

18

30

8

o

o

18

o

o

o

3 0 3 18

0 1 7 0 1 7

0 10 3 0 10 3

0 13 3 0 13 3

1 7 0 1 7 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 7 5 0 7 5

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 8 0 0 8 0

1. Schedule (A.)

1 o 8 6 o 10

4 o

o 10

C 0 ral—con t inued.

----- in Fragments

----- whole, polithed -

unpolittied -

the lb. the lb. the lb. the cwt.

Cordage, tanned or untanned Cordial Waters, fee Spirits.

Cordivant Skins, fee Skins.

Coriander Seed, fee Seed.

Cork the cwt.

Corks, ready made - - - the gross of 12 dozen Corn or Grain. For the Duties thereon, fee 23 and 24 Geo. III. chap. 19.

Corn Powder, fee Gun Powder.

Cortex; viz.

----- Angufturse - the lb.

----- Elutheriae, or Cafcarilla - - the lb.

-----• Limonum, or Aurrantiomm, or Lemon or

Orange Peel - the lb. -----— Peruvianas, or Jesuit's Bark - - - the lb.

■ Simarouba - the lb.

Wnttei anus' ----- the lb. -----not otherwise enumerated or described

for every £. 100 of the value

Cotton, fee Muslin.

— ----- Thread, fee Thread.

■ Wool, fee Wool.

— - Yarn, fee Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair, fee Hair.

— — - - Hides, fee Hides.

Cowitch - the lb.

Cows, fee Cattle.

Cranberries - - - for every £. 100 of the value Crayons - - - - fur every £. 100 of the value Cream of Tartar - - - * the cwt.

-----(free if for Dyers Use.)

Croat, Sour, fee Provisions.

Chrystal; viz.

----- Beads, fee Beads.

— -----broken in Pieces - - the lb.

— ----- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Cucumbers, viz.

-----— pickled or preserved in salt - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Culm, fee Coals.

Cummin Seed, fee Seed.

Currants; viz.

----- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - -the cwt.

-----in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

Cuttle Bones ----- the 1,000

D.

Damask Tabling or Napkining. fee Linen.

Dates ----- the cwt.

Dautus Creticus. fee Wild Carrot Seed, in Seed.

Dcd'Lnd,. }

Deer Skins, fee Skins.

Denia Railins. Jet Ruilins.

Diagredium. fee Scamony.

Diamonds, Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels - - for every , £. 100 of the value

Dice ----- for every pair

Dimity ----- for every £. 100 of the value

And further - - - - for every square yard

DogSkins. 7 c,-

Dog Fish Skins. 3 ^cC mS‘

Down ----- for every £. 100 of the value

Drawings - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Draper}*, called Old ----- the yard

-----called New - ...... the yard

Drillings, fee Linen.

E-

Earth, Red. fee Raddle.

Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Ebony, fee Wood...

Elastic Bottles or Burrachas. fee Indian Rubber. Elbing Canvas. Jee Canvas, in Linen.

Eleborus. fee Hellebore.

Elemi Gum. fee Gum.

Elephants Teeth - the pound

Elk Hair, fee Ilair.

Skins, fee Skins.

Duty.

Drawback.

£-*■ £. s.

Oil Oil

O^l 0 9 1

O74 0 7 4

O l6 4 0 16 4

0 5 0 050

O 1 9 019

0 0 2 0 c 2

0 0 3 0 c 3

0 0 3 003

0 1 3 0 1 3

007 007

005 005

0 ' 0 & 30 0 0

0 1 1 0 1 1

18 8 6 18 8 6

18 8 6 18 8 6

0 9 0 0 9 0

30

30

1 12

o 8

9

0 1 5

30 o o 30 o o

182

1 12 O 0 8 0

,19 2

3 12 0 3 12 0

0 13 6 0 13 6

18 8 6 18 8 6

0 1 11 0 1 11

18 8 f> 18 8 6

30 0 0 30 0 0

30 0 0 30 c 0

1 5 8 1 5 8

0 7 0 0 7 0

40

Emeralds, fee Diamonds. Emery -

-----Stones, fee Stones.

the lb.

10 G

O O 1

40 o o

0 0 2

0 0 1

850

Appendix.

A. 1803,

l. Schedule (A.)

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c

__ __

Enamel - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Emula, Campana Radix, fee Radix.

Eringii Radix. Jee liadip.

Ermine Skins, fee Skin$.

Essence of Lemon the lb.

.. of Spruce - - for ever}' £. loo of the value

_______not otherwise particularly enumerated or de-

feribed - * for every £. loo of the value Eftri<fgp Feathers, fee Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers. Eftridge Wool, fee Wool.

Eupfcorbium - the lb.

Faqs. fee Haberdashery.

Faij Mounts of Leather - for every £. 100 of the value and further for every lb. thereof Faro Raifms. fee Rail ins.

Feathers for Beds - the curt.

.----- Oitridge or Edridge, drafted or undressed - for every £. loo of the value

—-----Vulture - •- for every £. 100 of the value

; not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty (and not being Bed Feathers), lor every £. 100 of the value Fechia Allies. fee Allies.

frg‘,5td.}

ferret Ribband - per gross

■-----— of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further

Duty of - -% per pound

Fiddles for Children, fee Toys.

Figs, imported in Ships of the United Kingdom, per cwt. —- imported in a foreign Ship - - the cwt.

Filtering Stones, fee Stones.

Fish; viz.

-----Cod JFifh

-----for every 6 score

-----Herring's

—- Ling

per barrel of 32 gallons

per barrel of 32 gallons for every 6 score

-----Newland, or Newfoundland Fish - - for every 6 score

-----Salmon - per barrel of 32 gallons

—— Stock Fish - - - - the 120

—— not enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 of the value

Fisher Skins, fee Skins.

Fish Oil. yccTrim Oil, in Oil,

Fitches, fee Skins.

Flag Brooms, fee Brooms.

Flannel ...... the yard

Flasks. fee Bottles.

Flax, undrelTed, free.

----- drafted, imported in Ships of the United Kingdom - - - r the cwt.

-----imported in a foreign Ship - the cwt.

Flax Seed, fee Linseed, in Seed.

Flint Stones, for Potters - per ton

Flocks ...... the cwt.

Flower Roots - per 5 score

Flowers, Artificial - - for every £. 100 of the value FoiTils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 of the value

Fowls, fee Provisions.

Fox Skins. 7 /• 01

-----Tails. \ /" Skins.

Frames for Pi&urcs or Prints - - - - for every

r . £•100 of the value

Frankmcenfe x - the cwt.

Firming. Jee Orfcdew.

Fnnt, Artificial - - for every 100 of the value F urners Waste, fit only for making Glue - - for every

t- , . £• 100 of the value

Furs, fee Skins.

Fuftwick. fee Wood.

Gad Steel, fee Steel.* Galanga -Galbanum -

Gaily Tiles. Tiles. Galls

I . ^lee for Dyers use.) Gamboge -Garnets, cut-

the lb. the lb.

per cwt.

-----rough -

Gauze of thread -

and further Geldings. /eeHorfes. Geneva, fig Spirits. Gentian

the lb.

- the lb.

" the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value - - for every square yard

per lb.

Duty. Drawback.

* £■ *• d-

30 0 0 30 0 0

033 0 3 3

18 8 6 18 8 6

30 O Q 30 0 q

O 0 004

30 O O 30 0 0

OO4 004

0 14 5 0 14 5

30 0 0 30 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 0 0 CO 30 Q O

028 0 2 8

5 1 8 5 1 8

085 085

094 094

050 050

100 10 0

060 060

200 2 0 0

076 O76

092 0 9 2

0 3 3 0 3 3

1215 12 1 5

010 OlO

1 9 G 196

1 18 0 118 0

010 OlO

0810 0 8 10

026 026

30 0 0 30 0 0

00 00 18 8 6

0 0 0 co 30 0 0

060 0 q 0

~ O O O r/5 30 0 0

00 00 18 8 6

009 009

009 009

080 080

0 1 3 0 1 3

1 2 3 123

064 064

30 0 0 30 0 0

008 008

003 003

1. Schedule (A.)

Ginger, of the British Plantations West Indies -

-----not of the Plantations

-----JPrcierved -

in America or the the cwt.

the lb. the lb-

Ginfing -

Glass Bottles, fee Bottles.

Glass.

-----r broken, fit only to be manufactured - the cwt.

-----Platq Glals, and all other Glass Manufactures

not particularly enumerated or described, or othepwife charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 of the value

Glauber Salt, fee Salt.

Glue - the cwt.

Goats Hair, fee Hair.

■---r- Skins, fee Skins.

-----Wool, fee Goats Hair, in Hair.

Gold Coin. Jee Bullion.

-----Plate, fee Plate.

Grain. Jee Corn.

Grains, Guinea - - •* - the lb.

Grapes - - - * - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Rape of. fee Rape of Grapes.

Grogram Yarn. Jee Yarn.

Guafacum Gum. Jee Gum.

Guinea Grains. Jee Grains.

-----Pepper. Jee Pepper.

-----Wood, fee Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum Ammoniacus - the lb.

Gum Aniine - - the lb.

-----Arabic ----- the cwt.

-----Cakelac. fee Gum Lac.

-----Cal hew - - - - the cwt.

-----of the growth or produce of British West India

1 (lands, or of the Bahama or Bermuda, the lb.

-----of the produce of the United States of America.

jee Schedule (B.)

-----Copal - - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Eiemi - - -, - - the lb.

-----Guaiacum ----- the lb.

-----Juniper, fee Gum Sandrake.

-----Lac; viz.

Cake Lac, Skellac, Secdlac, or Stricklac, the lb.

Opopanax -Sagapenum -Sandrake or Juniper -Sarcocolla -Senega -

(If Dyers use, free.)

the lb. the lb. the cwt.

the lb. the cwt.

Duty. Drawback.

£• «. d. £■ 4. d. Hirts

0 15 0 0 15 0 ILls

1 10 0 1 10 0

0 1 2 0 1 2 -—

9 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 6 0 1 6

Iacamahacha - the lb.

-----Tragacantha - the lb.

—— not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every

£. 100 the value

Gunpowder; viz.

-----Corn Powder - the cwt.

-----Serpentine Powder - the cwt.

Gutta Gamble. Jee Gamboge.

Gutting Canvas. Jee Canvas, in Linen.

H.

Haberdashery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value

-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty

for every lb. weight thereof. Hair, Camel- ----- the lb. —-— Cow or Ox - - - - the cwt.

-----Elk - - * - - - - the cwt.

-----Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool - - - the lb.

-----Hats made of. fee llats.

■---Horse ----- the lb.

-----Human ----- the lb.

Hair Powder, plain (not perfumed) - - - the cwt.

-----perfumed - - - the cwt.

Hams, fee Bacon.

Hand Baskets. fee Baskets.

Handkerchiefs - the dozen

-----if of Silk, a further Duty, for every lb. thereof

-----if of mutlin, and imported by the East India Company of England, - - for every lquaie

yard

-----not imported by the East India Company,

for every square yard Hand Scoops - - - for every £. 100 of the value liactdfpikes. fee Wood.

Hard Wax. fee Wax.

Hardware Manufactures, if not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty -for ever\ £. 100 of the value

Hare Skins, fee Skins.

-----Wool, fee Wool.

Harp Strings, fee Catlings.

4

o o

30 o

3 H 5

o 17 5

30

O 12

0 3L

3° 0 o o o 1

o o

o 2

O O

O 13

o o

O 12

0 2 O O

30 O

3 6 3 o

30 o

76 4 0

050

002 30 o 0

00 § 007 9 12 0

050

03 6

30 0 0 q 0 7 oil

o 0 6

P 2 3

006 0 13 6

007 0 12 0

024

006

30 0 0

3 6 3 3 o o

1 u

o 2

lS 8.

o 0

3°

a 0

fid I

•&; 1

— 1

" it;

-17,;

30 0 0 -

0 0 4 N; ,

0 8 8

0 8 0 1 •, T~

0 0 2

0 0 4 Xt

0 2 6 X

3 14 0

5 12 0 X'.-

0 17 0

5 1 $ Xl

0 1 11 ‘sc I

X

0 2 $

iS 8 6

‘‘3J

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

851

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

3 ,

o:

3

6;

i ! I

2,' '1 r s 5

•: t;'

i ■

fcD*

o V'

0 i 1 < i '

3 o.«-

0 r ’

1 c

u

\> J

0 ■" i

Iiir

1s,:l s V ’

Hatbands .----- if of Silk, a further

Harts Horn, fee Horns.

Hate, Bail, Straw and Chip Hats or Bonnets - - for every /', loo of the value

4-----made of or mixed with Felt Hair, Wool, or

Beaver - - - - the Hat

-----not particularly enumerated or described,

or other wile charged with Duty - the

Hat

-----7— if of Silk or Leather, subject to further

Duties as fuel).

the gross Duty - - for every

pound weight thereof Head Matter, fee Spermaceti Oil, in Oil.

Hellebore - the lb.

Hemp; viz.

-—.—dretVed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

~----- - - imported in Foreign Ships - the cwt.

-----Cullen or Steel, and all other drest Hemp

imported in Ships of the United Kingdom,

the cwt.

-—:— Imported in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

-----rough or undreded, imported from any

Country, and in any Shipping, free.

-----Seed, fee Seed.

-----Oil. fee Oil.

Herrings, fee Fish.

Heiiens, Canvas, fee Canvas, in Linen.

Hides; viz.

-----Buffalo or Indian Hides - - - the hide

-----Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair - the piece

----- - tanned - - the lb.

-----Elk. fee Skins.

-----Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair - in

the piece

----- - -- - tanned - the lb.

-----India, fee Buffalo.

-- ---Losh ----- the lb.

-----Muscovy or Russian, tanned - - the hide

and also on such of the Hides hereinbefore enumerated, the following additional Duties; viz.

if tanned - - for every 10 pounds weight

* -----but if drelfed in Oil - - - for every pound

weight thereof

— not otherwise enumerated or described, and

not tanned or drelfed in Oil - - for every £. loo of the value Hides, tanned or drelfed in <&il, of what kind l’oever, and all parts or pieces thereof, not being manufactured and not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with . Duty - for every £. 100. of the value thereof

• Further, if tanned - - lor every lolhs. thereof

* --but if drelfed in Oil - - for every lb. thereof

Hollands Linen, fee Linen.

Hones -Honey

Hoops of Iron -

-----Wood -

Hops -

Horns; viz.

-----of Cows or Oxen - -

-----of Harts or Stags - -

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - - for every £. 100 of the value Horn Tips - - for every £. 100 of the value

Horse Hair. Jic I lair.

-----Hides, fee Hides.

Horles, Mares, or Geldings - each

Human Hair, fee Hair.

Hungary Water. Jec Spirits.

Huiks, or Knubs of Silk, fee Silk Knubs, in Silk. Hulie Skins, fee Skins.

_ I.

Jalap ...... the lb.

Jamaica Wood, fee Braziletto Wood, in Wood. Japonica Terra, fee Terra.

Jetfamin Oil. fee Oil.

Jesuits Bark, fee Cortex Reruvianus Jet ......

Beads, fee Beads.

*— Jewels, fee Diamonds.

Incte; viz.

—— unwrought - -

* --wrought -

Inceafe. vide Olibanum.

India Rubbers or Burrachas

the too, qt. of 5 fcorj* the barrel, 42 gallons the cwt. the 1,000 the cwt.

- the 100, qt. 5 score

- the 100, qt. 5 score

the lb.

the lb. the dozen lbs.

Indian Corn or Maize, fee Corn. -----Hides, fee Hides.

for every £. 100. of the value

Duty. \ Drawback.

£■ *• £. s. d.

30 0 0 30 0 0

1 8 6 1 8 6

0 6 2 062

190 190

5 1 8 518

003 003

0198 0 19 8

148 148

l 6 0 160

1 15 0 1 15 0

0 4 1 041

016 016

006 006

0 15 0 1 5

007 007

012 012

036 036

0 1 1 Oil

003 003

18 8 6 18 8 6

18 8 6 18 8 6

Oil Oil

003 003

090 0 9 0

0 19 6 0 19 6

076 076

0 3 4 0 3 4

2 14 6 2 14 6

044 044

012 2 0122

18 8 6 1886

18 8 6 1886

200 2 0 0

017 0 17

tN 0 0 0 0 7

009 OOg

1118 1118

18 8 6 18 * 6

1. Schedule (A.)

Indigo; viz.

-----of the produce of any British Colony, or Plantation in America - - the 100 lb.

----- (if for Dyers use, free.)

-----of the produce of the United States of America.

fee Schedule (B.)

-----of the produce of any other Country or

place the 100 lb.

----- (if for Dyers use, free.)

Ink, for Printers - the cwt.

Ipecacuanha Radix, fee Radix.

Iris or Orris Hoot - the cwt.

Iron; viz. of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or the West Indies - in bar, or unwrought

-----of the produce of the United States of America.

fee Schedule (B.)

— of any other Country, in bars, or unwrought, -

the ton

—Slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered b* *fs than J of an inch square, the ton, in Ships of the United Kingdom -In Foreign Shipping - - - - the ton

-----call - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Cinders ----- per ton

-----Hoops, fee IIoops.

-----Liquor - - - for every £. 100 of the value

----- free, for Dyers use.

-----old broken and old cad Iron - the ton, *20 cwt.

-----Ore ----- the ton 20 cwt.

-----Pig Iron, of the produce of any British Colony

or Plantation in America, and imported from thence -

-----Pig Iron, not of the Plantation - - per ton

-----of the produce of the United States, fee Schedule (B.)

— Wares, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 value

-----Wire, fee Wire.

Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or de-ienbed, or otherwise charged with Duty * - for every £. 100 value Ifinglass ----- the lb.

----- - - - - if for Dyers use, free.

Juice of Lemons, or Oranges - - the ton 252 gallons

----- if for Dyers use, free.

—— Limes, the gallon -

----- - - if for Dyers use, free.

Juniper Berries, fee Berries.

-----Gum, fee Gum Sandrake.

-----Oil. fee Oil.

Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding 5 fathom in length,

per ton

Ivory unwrought - the lb.

——■ wrought, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - -

for every £.100 of the value

K.

Kelp - - the ton, 20 cwt.

Kidney Beans, fte Garden Seeds, in Seeds.

Kid Skins, fee Skins.

Kits of Wood, fee Pails.

Knees of Oak. fee Wood.

Knubs of Silk, fee Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Labdanum, ----- the lb.

Lace, fee Guin Lace.

Lace; viz. Bone Lace of Thread, - the dozen yards

----- - - - of Silk - - - per pound

----- - - - of all other forts - - the lb.

of 16 ounces

Lamb Sk in3. fee Skins.

— Slink, fee Skins.

Lambs Wool. Jie Wool. Lamp-black

Landaus. Jec Carriages. Lapis; viz.

----- Calaminaris

——— Tutia?

the cwt.

- the Cwt.

- the lb.

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £ * 100 of the value

Lathwood. fee Wood.

Latten; viz.

-----black - - - - * the cwt.

—-----(haven ----- the cwt.

Wrire. fee Wire.

Lavender Flowers -

*-----Water, fee Spirits.

Lawns, fee Linen.

Lead; viz.

----- Black * * -

per lb,

Duty. J Drawback.

£■ d. £r

O l8 O 0 18 O'

1 7 0 17 0

0 8 10 0 8 10

0 19 10 O 19 19

free.

00 . —* 0 0 12 t

0 00 0 0 18 0

0 19 6 0 19 6

30 0 0 30 0 0

010 010

3 12 0 3 12 O

070 0 7 0

029 0 2 9

free.

0 12 8 0 12 1

30 0 0 30 O

30 0 0 30 0 (3

006 006

2 19 8 2 19 8

o> 0 0 0 0 q

12 0 120

OlS 018

30 O O 30 0 0

0 8 11 0 8 il.

0 12 012

1 5 1 151

io 10 6 10 10 6

7 3 0 7 3

0 14 $ 0 14 /

0 40 040

004 0 a 4

6 O O co 30 0 a

0 16 0 0 ii tf

lOO 1 0 a

0 0 > 0 0 4

0 11 0 0 11

852

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares,

l. Schedule (A.)

Du*y.

U'- *• d-

the cwt. the ton, ‘20 cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the dozen skins ‘2

Lead—continued.

----- Litharge -

____Ore -

----- Ked -

----- White -

Leaf Metal. Jcc Metal.

Leatker Balils -

and further for any lb. weight thereol -Leather, whether tanned or drelfed in Oil, or worked up into manufacture, whereof Leather is the most valuable part, not particularly enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty - lor every £•100 va^ue

for every pound weight thereol for every pound weight thereof

3

15

6

7

10

o

O

o

o

o

‘2

O

i8 8 6

and further, if tanned -but if drefi’ed in Oil

leaves of Gold

leaves of Roses or Violets

Lemons -

,-----Juice, fee Juice.

.-----Pickled

the loo leaves the 1,000 the ton 252 gallons

a

s

u

e

<v

c

>3

Lentiles ......

leopard Skins, fee Skins.

Lexia Ratlins, fee Railins.

Lignum Quaflia - - lor every £. 100 of the value

—1----- Rhodium ...... the cwt.

.-----VitiB. fee Wood.

Limes ...... the barrel

Limes, Juice of. fee Juice.

Linens; viz.

Barras of the Batavian Republic, or llefferts Canvas - - the 100 ells, containing 6 score " and further for every square yard

thereof

Packing Cahvafs, Cuttings, and Spruce Canvas, the 100 ells, containing 6 score " and further for every square yard

thereof

Poledavics SpruccElbing or Queenborough Canvas - the bolt of 28 ells

" and further for every square yard , thereof

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard u and further for every square yard

thereof

Of Silesia making - - - - the yard

" and further for every square yard

thereof

, (Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard ® ? " and further for every square yard

fij thereof

z 1L\ Of Silesia making - - - - the yard

o tL I " and further for every square yard r thereof

- - And for and upon all Damask, Towelling,

Napkimng, and Cloths made of Flax or llemp, Lite following further additional Duties; viz. u If the fame be one yard wide or under, the yard " If the fame be above 1, and under 2 yards, wide,

the yard

u If the fame be 2 yards wide or more - the yard

f tijCOfthe Batavian Republic making, the yard | ) " and further for every yard thereof

la } Of Silesia making - - - the yard

H C " and further for e\ery square yard thereof 1 , Napkins of the Batavian Republic making, thedozen f aiul tur^ler !or every square yard thereof * ? | Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard " and further for every square yard thereof Of Sileiia making the yard

I " and further for every square yard thereof — Drilling und Packducks - - the 100, containing

120 ells

" and lurther for every square yard thereof ~ Bag, Holland, ot lkatavian Republic - the ell " and lurther for every square yard thereof ’ Oil Cloth - the yard

" and further for every square yard thereof -— And all other Manufactures of Flax and Hemp, not particularly enumerated and described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported - - for every £. 100

<( of the value

and further for every square yard of such

Liiifced. /<* Seed. Linen

——Oil. fee Oil.

Lion Sr;ns. fce Skins.

Liprattafins. /« Raifias.

0

1 o

12

18

O

3°

o

« Ad

* y

o

H

Drawback.

3

15

6

7

19

o

d.

4

3

5

3

4

3i

18 8 6

0

1 o

12

18

o

30

o

o

H

o 18 5

5 9

130

2 2

o 18 5

5 9

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 1 8 0 1 8

0 2 5 0 2 5

0 1 9 0 1 9

0 O 8 0 O 8

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 0 8 0 O 8

0 9 0 0 9 0

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 18 5 0 18 5

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 2 5 0 2 5

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 2 5 0 2 5

0 0 8 0 0 8

1. Schedule (A.)

30 o o

Liquorice Juice or Ball, fee Succus Liquoritiae.

—— Powder ----- the cwt.

-----Hoot ----- the cwt.

Litherage. fee Lead, logwood. Jec Wood.

Long Pepper. Jec Pepper.

Long Steel, fee Steel.

Lolh Hides. Jet Hides.

Lucerne Seed. Jcc Seed.

Lupins ----- the cwt.

Lute Strings. Jcc Catlings.

M.

Mace -

- Oil. fee Oil.

Madder; viz.

Crop -

(free fer Dyers uie.) Fat -(free for Dyers use.) Mull

(free for Dyers uie.) Roots -

(free for Dyers use.)

Mahogany, fee Wood.

Maize, fee Corn.

Mangrove Bark, fee Bark.

Manna -

Maps -

Marble, fee Stone.

Marbles for Children. Jec Toys.

Mares. Jec 1 lories.

Mare Hides. Jec llid^s.

Marmalade -

.Martin or Martron Skin».^ J /w Skins

Muftich; viz.

----- Red ......

of any other fort

the lb.

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the lb. each

the lb.

the lb. the lb.

Masts. Jie Wood.

Mats of Ruth a ...... the dozen

Matting; viz.

----- of Barbary or Portugal - - the yard

----- of the Batavian Republic - - the square yard

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Mattrasses - - for every £. 100 of the value

the gallon

Maw Seed. Jcc Seed,

Mead -Meal. Jcc Corn.

Medals - for every £. 100 of the value

Subject for further Duty, if of Gold or Silver

per ounce troy, of

Medlars ...... the bushel

M dalles; viz.

----- of the produce of, and imported from the

British Colonies or Plantations in America

the cwt

----- not of the British Plantations - - the cwt.

----- of the produce of the United States of America. Jcc Schedule (B.)

Melting Pots for Goldsmiths. Jec Pots.

Mercury; viz.

----- Precipitate - the lb

----- Sublimate - the lb

Metal; viz.

-----Bell Metal - the cwt

-----Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) - - the

packet 250 leaves

-----prepared for Battery - - the cwt.

Metheglin ----- the gallon Mill Boards. Jcc in Paper.

Millet Seed, Jee Seed.

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value " and further, if of Silk, or mixed with Silk -

for every pound weight thereol MillStones. Jcc Stones.

Mineral Water. Jee Water.

Minerals and Follils, not enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for eve

£. 100 of the value

Mink Skins. . Jcc Skins.

Mohair Yarn. Jec Camel Yarn, in Yarn,

Mole Skin. Jee Skins.

Mooie Skins, jee Skins.

Morells - - - the lb

Mols; viz.

----- Rock Moss - th* cwt

----- (free for Dyers use.)

Mother ot Pearl Shells, lor every f. 100 of the value Mules -

Mum. jet Beer.

Duty.

17

IO

046

Drawback.

£• *• d.

1 17 o 10

6

5

7 9

4 1

046

6 5

o 1

o 7

Ml

Mi-'.,

0 0 8 0 0 8 >ki Liv M;,.| fci

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 7 0 0 7 V..; kj v.k

0 0 7 0 0 7 Pql

0 1 2 0 1 2 k]

0 0 6 0 0 6 ,

0 0 2 0 0 3 u;(

0 0 2 0 0 2

18 8 6 18 8 6 u..

18 8 6 18 8 6 —:

0 0 6 0 0 6

18 8 6 18 8 6 *'’* i;

0 0 8 0 0 8 MiV

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 4 10 0 410

0 9 6 0 9 6 ^l1

' ,:-rj

0 2 1 0 2 1 '-V>

0 1 5 0 1 5 ^'.-1

0 8 10 0 8 10 '-Cl

0 0 3 0 0 3

18 8 6 18 8 6 ^■-1

0 0 6 0 0 6 v..,

r

3° 0 0 3° 0 0 ^-'1

5 1 8 5 1 8

\ iy

18 8 t ? 18 CO

0 1 <5 i 0 I 6 \;i ^i:

1 10 K 1 1 1 01»

18 8 f i 18 8 8 6

18 8 t; 18

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

853

(j!

, v‘

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—

l. Schedule (A.)

Musical Instruments - for every £. 100 of the value

-----not enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty -for e\ery^. loo of the value thereof

Musk - the ounce troy

Muilin, Plain while, having been imported by the United Company of Merchants in England trading to the Edit Indies - . - the yard

-----Plain, not having been imported determined by the United

Company oi Merchants trading to the Kail Indies - the yard

-----being worked or figured, printed, painted,

ltained, or dyed, Itornals, and all oilier Stull’s or manufactures of Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, ltained, or dyed, not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty - - for every £. ioo of the value

— -----" and further, for every l’quare yard thereof, if

the fame had been imported by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies -

-----not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies

the yard

Mufiujuafii Skins, fee Skins.

Mustard Seed, fee Seed.

Mut Ion. Jet Piovilions.

Myrrh ----- the lb.

Mertie Berries. Jlc Berries.

X.

Napkining. Jlc Linen.

Natural Balsam. Jlc Balsam.

Neats Tongues. J’cc ’l ongues.

Necklaces of Olals. Jle Bracelets.

Needles, jle 1 lard ware.

Nell Boxes, fee Boxes.

Nets, Fishing.—Nets, old -

Newiand or Newfoundland Fiflu Jle Filli.

Nicaragua Wood. fee Wood.

Nitnirn. fee Saltpetre.

Nutmegs ----- the lb.

-----candied - the lb.

-----Oil of. fee Oil.

Nuts; viz.

----- Culhew Nuts of the West Indies - - for every

£. i oo of the value —- Ckcfnuts - the bushel

----- Piliuchia ----- the lb.

— iinall Nuts - the bushel

----- Walnuts - - the bushel

Nux Vomica ...... the lb.

O.

Oak Bark. jlc Bark.

——— Boards. Jlc Boards, :n Woooo.

-----Kne^s. Jee Knees of Oak, in Wood.

-—- Plank, /ctWord.

-----Timber. Jee W ood.

Oakum ----- the cwt.

Oars, fee Wood.

Oatmeal, fee Corn.

Oats, fee Corn.

Oil;

-----Oi Almonds ----- the* lb.

-----of Amber ----- the lb.

* -- oi Aniiceds ----- the lb.

■— ot (’arrawa\s •» the lb.

—— of Cauor - - the gallon

——- ot Cinnamon - the oz. troy

-----of Cloves - the oz.

* --Fish Oil. Jle Train Oil, in Oil.

the ton 252 gallons the lb. - - the lb.

the ton 252 gallons the lb. the lb. the lb. the lb.

viz. Seville, Majorca,

— ot I lempfeed

— ot Jdiauiine.

—-of Juniper

— of I intend —- of Mace —-of Marjoram —■ ot Nutmegs —- of Oranges

oidmary Oil oi Olives,

Minorca, A puglia, Provence, and Portugal, and all others imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

— in Foreign Shipping

— Palm -■— Rape Seed

'— Rol’emary ——

"— Sallad Oil, viz. imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom the gallon

imported in Foreign Shipping - the gallon

— Sallafras -

— Seal Oil. Jee Train Oil, in Oil.

Vol. 58.

n s........ —

the ton 252 gallons the ton 252 gallons - the cwt. the ton 252 gallons the lb.

the lb.

"Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £■ *• d.

C ©. O 30 0 0

30 O O 30 O O

0 3 3 0 3 3

028 0 2 8

044 O44

1886 18 8 6

0 111 0 111

028 028

0 Oil 0 Oil

free.

0 3 3 0 3 3

011 oil

0 0 0 CO 0 0 0

0 1 5 O 1 5

005 005

0 1 4 0 1 4

0010 0010

014 014

0 Oil 0 Oil

005 005

009 009

030 030

016 016

040 040

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 8 10 0 8 10

0 1 5 0 1 5

001 001

15 0 9 15 0 9

036 036

020 020

062 062

0 2 0 020

7U5 7 11 5

880 880

0 10 0 0 10 0

15 0 9 15 0 9

012 012

010 010

0 1 1 Oil

0 1 4 0 1 4 -;

1. Schedule (A.)

Oil-—conti mud.

-----Seed, not otherwise enumerated or described

the ton 252 gallons

-----Succinum. fee Oil of Amber.

-----Thyme - - the lb.

-----Turpentine ----- the lb.

-----Vitriol - for ever}' 100 lb.

-----Walnuts - - - the gallon

-----Whale Oil# Jee Train Oil.

" All other Oils not Chemical Oils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every £. 100

of the value thereof

---— Blubber of Newfoundland, of i* idling of the United Kingdom - - the Ion of 25 z gallons

-----not of Newfoundland, of the United Kingdom -

the ton of 250 gallons

-----Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, of Fiilnng of the United Kingdom . - the ton of 252 gallons

-----Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of Foreign

Fishing - - - the ton of 252 gallons

-----Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil of the United Kingdom - - the ton of 252 gallons

-----Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil of Foreign

Fishing - - the ton of 252 gallons

-----Cloth. Jee Linen.

Oker or Ockre - - - - the bushel

Olibunum ----- the cwt.

Olive Oil. fee Ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil.

----- Wood. Jee Wood.

Olives Onion Seed. Jle Seed. Onions -

Open Tapes, fee Tapes. Opium -

Opopanax. Jie Gum. Orange Flower Water Oranges

Orange Juice.

the hogftiead 63 gallons

- - the bushel

- the lb.

the gallon the 1,000

Orchal -

Jlc Juice of Lemons and Oranges.

- the cwt.

(free for Dyers use.)

- the cwt.

Orebelia or Archelia

-----(free for Dyers use.)

Ordinary Oil of Olives, fee Oil.

Ore; viz.

-----Copper, fee Copper.

-----Gold, duty free.

-----Iron, fee Iron.

-----Lead. Jee Lead.

-----Silver, duty free.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - - for every £. 100 of the value

Organzine Silk, fee Silk.

Origanum, fee Oil of Thyme.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum. fee Arsenic.

Ornce Boot ----- the cwt. Orfedew or Frolling - the lb.

Oft rich Feathers, fee Feathers.

Otter Skins. 1 r

Ounce Skins. 3 lnS*

Outnal ’Thread, fee Thread.

Ox Hair. Jee Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

---Hides. Jle Cow or Ox Hides, in Hides.

---Iloins. Jlc Horns.

Oxen. Jlc Cattle.

Pack Duck, fee Drilling, in Linen.

Packing Canvas. Jee Canvas, in Linen.

Pack ’Thread, fee Thread.

Paling Boards, jle Boards, in Wood.

Pales 01 Kits - - - - for every dozen

Painted Paper, fee Paper.

Painters Colours, of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Paintings on Glass - - for every £. 100 of the value

Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Palm Oil. fee Oil.

Panther Skins, fee Skins.

Pantiles, fee Tiles.

Paper; viz.

----- Blue ...... the ream

u and further - for every 10 lb weight thereof

----- Brown - - the bundle

u and further - for every 10 lb. weight thereof

----- Gold Paper the small grois

----- Hangings, whether printed, painted, stained, or

dyed - - for every £. 100 of the value

u further - - for every ream thereof ' " and for every square yard thereof -

----- Paste Boards, Mill Boards, and Scale Boards -

for every cwt. thereof

Duty. Drawback.

£• s. d. £■ s. d.

8 0 0 8 0 0

0 2 0 O 2 0

0 O 3 0 O 3

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 2 0 0 2 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 4 3 0 4 3

0 10 6 0 10 6

2 2 0 2 2 0

31 10 o! 31 10 0

0 15 9 0 15 9

21 0 0 21 0 0

0 1 5 O 1 5

1 16 6 1 16 6

3 4 4 ! 3 4 4

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 0 0 4

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 12 4 0 12 4

0 6 3 0 6 3

0 5 0 0 5 0

18 8 6

19 10

o 7

18

30

130

18 8 6

o 19 10 007

10 H

18

30

8

o

30 o o

0 1 8 0 I 8

0 1 11 0 1 11

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 1 11 9 1 ll

0 7 9 O 7 9

18 8 6 18 8 6

0 1 4 o 1 4

0 0 2 0 9 2

1 0 0 1 9 9

M

3°

854

Appendix.

A. 1803.

C

ndix,

29.)

fartii,

»iiltd.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, kc.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)

Pepper, Black or White, of the Kali Indies

-----■ Cayenne

-----Guinea

■ Long

Paper; viz.

_____ PreiTing Paper - - - the 100 leaves

" and further - for every 10 lb. weight thereof

____ of all other forts, whether plain, printed, painted,

liained, or dyed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty

for every pound weight thereof parchments - the dozen of 12 sheets

Parte Boards or Mill Board, fee in Paper.

Paving Tiles, fee Tiles.

Pearl Arties, fee Allies.

Pearl or Hulled Barley, in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - the cwt.

in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

Pearls, fee Diamonds.

Pearl Shells, fee Mother of Pearl Shells, in M.

Peers ----- the bushel

----- dried - - - - the bushel

Pease. fee Corn.

-----(Garden Pease, if for sowing, free.)

Pellitory - * - * the lb.

Pelts, fee Skins.

Pencils - for every £. 100 of the value

pells - for every f. 100 of the value

‘ ‘ ‘ the lb.

the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Perfumed Oil. fee Oil.

Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duly -Perry, fee Cyder, peruvianas Cortex, fee Cortex.

Pewter, old - - for every £. 100 of the value

Pickled Cucumbers, fee Cucumbers.

Pickles of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - lor every £. 100 of the value Picture Frames - - for every £. 100 of the value

Pictures * - - for every £. 100 of the value

Pig Iron, fee Iron.

Pill Boxes, fee Boxes.

Pimento; viz.

-----of the British Plantations - - the lb.

-----not of the British Plantations - the lb.

Pink Root - - for every £. 100 of the value

Pins, fee Ilaberdafhery.

Pipe Boards, fee Boards, in Wood.

Pirtachia Nuts, fee Nuts.

Pitch; viz.

— of the Produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 and \ gallons -

----- not being the produce of any of the Dominions

or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom - - , -

----- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

the Last of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 and h gallons

— imported in Foreign Shipping, the Lall 12 bar-' rels, each barrel not exceeding 31 and £ gallons

—■ of the growth and production of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

— Burgundy or Uliinehurtl - . - the cwt.

Plank, fee Wood.

Plants and Trees for planting, free.

Plarter of Paris - - - - * the cwt.

Plate; viz.

-----battered, fit only to be manufactured. fee Bullion.

-----oi Gold wrought - for every £. 100 of the value

"andlurther for every oz. troy weight thereof of Silver gilt - - for every £. mo of the value anfl father for every oz. troy weight thereof

-----Part g]It * - " far every £.\oo of the value

" and lurther for every oz. troy thereof - -

-----ungUt - - - - for e\ery£.'ioo of i!:e value

and further for every oz. troy thereof - -

Plate Glass. fee Glass. - J

Plaiters of Wood - dozen

Platting, or other Manofactures of Bast, Straw, Chip Cane, or IIode h^r, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets - - for every £.\oo

Plums, dried. fee Groceries. . °flhevakle

Polonm Wool, fee Wool.

Pomatum

Pomegranates ----- Peel of -

r . ~ ’ (h'ee for Dyers use.)

Pomice Stones, fee Stones.

Porcelaine. fee China W*

Pork, fee Provisions. Pot Allies, fee Arties. Potatoes, fee Provisions

are.

Duty.

the lb. the 1,000 the cwt.

Drawback.

£■ s. d. £■ S. d.

O 4 8 O 4 8

O 1 11 O 1 11

O 0 6 O 0 6

0 2 6 O 2 6

O 16

o 17

o 19

14 16 o 6 14 16 o 1 14 16 o 1 14 16 o o

0 7 7 0 7 7

0 8 4 0 8 4

0 l 6 0 1 6

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 0 2 0 0 2

18 8 6 18 8 6

18 8 6 18 8 6

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 O 8 0 0 8

0 O 5 0 0 5

3o O 0 3o 0 0

18 8 6 18 8 6

30 0 0 30 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

3° 0 0 30 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 0 4 0 0 4

30 0 0 3° 0 0

o 16 9

o 17 9

o 19 o

073

006

30

14 16 o 6 14 16 o 1 14 16 o 1 14 16

o 11

008

30

O 1 o 100 090

1. Schedule (A*)

Pots; viz.

-----melting Pots for Goldsmiths - - the 100

-----of Stone - - for every £. 100 of the value

Poultry, fee Provisions.

Powder; viz.

----- Gun Powder, fee in G.

----- Hair Powder, fee in IK

----- Sago Powder, fee in S.

Precious Stones, fee Diamonds.

Prints; viz.

-----Paper Prints - for every £. 100 of the value

-----D°, coloured - for every £. 100 of the value

Printers Ink. fee Ink for Printers.

Printing Letters or Types - the cwt.

Provisions, not being Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 the value Prunell SaL fee Sal.

Prunelloes ----- the lb.

Prunes, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the cwt.

----- - - in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

Pfyllium ----- the lb.

Pulle. fee Provisions. lVuple. fee Wood.

Pyrmont Water, fee Mineral Water, in Water.

Q.

Quaflia Wood, fee Lignum QuafTia.

Queenborough Canvas, fee Canvas, in Linen. Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, fee Bark.

Quern Stones, fee Stones.

Quicksilver, or Argentum Y'ivum - - the lb.

Quinces ----- the 100

the barrel

the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

R.

Racoon Skins, fee Skins.

Raddle ......

Radix; viz.

----- Enule Campaene or Efuhe

----- Eringii -

----- Ipecacoanha -

----- Serpenta iai, or Snake Root

Hags, old, of Linen; tree.

Railins; viz.

—-----Belvidere, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

----- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

-----Denia Raisins; viz.

----- - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

• in Foreign Shipping, the cw t.

-----Faro Railins; vi:

• - - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

-----in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

----- Lexia Raisins; viz.

- — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

- -----in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

—— Lepra Raisins; viz.

- - - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - the cwt.

--- - — - -in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

-----Smyrna Raisins; viz.

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - the cwt.

-----in Foreign Shipping - - the cwt.

- - --of the Sun; viz.

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

-----in Foreign Shipping,

the cwt.

■ — —■ not otherwise enumerated; viz.

- -----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

- - -----in Foreign Shipping,

the cwt.

Rape Seed, fee Seed.

— Seed Oil. fee Oil.

— of Grapes - for every £. 100 of the value Ratitia. fee Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans, fee Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn, fee Yarn.

----- fee Silk.

Razors, the dicker or ton ——

Red Lead, fee Lead, lied Wood, fee Wood.

Red Wool, fee Wool.

Reed Canes, fee Canes.

Regulus ...... the cwt.

Retina Jalappae * - for every £. 100 of the value

Rhinehurii. fee Burgundy Pitch.

Rhodium Lignum, fee Lignum.

Rhubarb - - - the lb.

£. * d. 022 40 o o

Duty.

Drawback.

£• s. d.

022 40 o o

30 o o 30 o 0

30 o o 30 o a

1 11 6 1 11

12 1 5 12 1 5

OO7OO7 0 6 I06l

O67067

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 6‘2

0 9 0 30 o 0

a 6

o 6

o 9

30

0 0

f.’r.ji'

u

h rb m

j^i

If

U‘C.i

-If

:ii; 1 — fi

— of

f ,;rd h

% III

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 4 0 1 4 •—

0 1 8 0 1 8 :-:rcr

0 9 0 0 9 0 ■" Pi'M

0 0 2 0 0 2 ... ;i

0 2 4 0 2 4

0 1 10 0 x 10 -u,

-Air

H:,i

-h.

0 13 5 013 5

0 15 5 0 15 5 " 1/1;

"Un

0 13 4 013 4

0 15 4 0 15 4 ‘•rt'il

"Hi

0 13 5 0 13 5 -Id

0 15 5 0 15 5 '.Vr»

0 13 10 0 13 10

0 15 10 0 15 i»> Vi I'

0 13 5 0 *3 5

0 *5 5 0 15 5

■-V

'■^1

0 12 10 0 12 10

0 14 10 0 H 10

0 H Q 0 H 9 ';-! j

i,

0 16 9 0 16 9 :^i’

• ii,j

0 13 4 0 13 4 •■*1

0 15 4 0 15 4

18 8 6 18 8 6

H,

u

n

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

8 55

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c

Schedule (A.)

Ribband of Silk -----of Gold, Silver, or both

the lb. the lb. - the cwt.

Rice ......

----- of the produce of the United States of America.

fee Schedule (B.)

Roach Alum, fee Alum.

Roach Mols. fee Moss.

Romanian Yitriolium. fee Copperas blue.

Ropes of Bast, fee Bast Rones.

-----New. fee Cordage.

— -----Old. fee Junk.

Rose Copper, fee Copper.

.-----Leaves, fee Leaves of Roses.

Rosemary, Oil of. fee Oil.

Rolin; viz.

----- of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to

the Crown of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

— not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations belonging to the Crown of ilie United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - the cwt.

— in Foreign Shipping - the cwt.

----- of the produce of the United States of America. fee Schedule (B.)

Round Wood, fee \\ ood.

Rubies, fee Diamonds.

Rum. fee Spirits.

Rye. fee Corn.

Sable Skins, fee Skins.

Saccharum Satin ni - for every £. 100 of the value (free for Dyers ul'e.)

the lb.

- the lb.

Safflower

----- (free for Dyers use.)

Saffron -

Sagapinum Gum. fee Gum.

Sago, W hole, 7 ----- Powder, )

Sail Cloth, fee Canvas, in Linen. Sal; viz.

•---Alkali * - -

-----Ammoniacus

—— Glauber -

■-----Prunella -

----- Succini -

-----Tartari -

the lb.

- - - the lb.

- the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

______ - the lb.

— Volatile Ammoniacus, for every £. l oo of the value

-----CorniiCervi ----- the lb.

Salep or Salop ----- the lb.

Salad Oil. fee Oil.

Salt; viz.

-----White - the bushel of 56 pounds

-----Rock - the ton of 40 bushels, each bushel containing 65 pounds Saltpetre ----- the cwt.

Sand Boxes, fee Boxes.

Sandrake Gum. fee Gum.

Sanguis Draronis ----- the lb. Sarcocolla Gum. fee Gum.

Sarsaparilla -

Safiktras *—-—■ Oil of. fee Oil. Satin Wood, fee Wood. Saunders or Sanders; viz. ----- Red

the lb. the cwt.

- the cw't.

(free for Dyers use.)

*——-----White or Yellow - - the lh.

*— -----— (free for Dyers ul’e.)

Scale Boards, fee in Paper.

Scammony ----- the lb.

Scoops ot WTood ----- the dozen

Scordium - the lb.

Sculptured Marble, fee in Stones.

Sea Cow Teeth - - for every £. loo of the value

- per cwt.

r the lb. - the lb.

Sea Holly Roots -Sea Horie Teeth -Sea Morse Teeth Sea Oil. fee Train Oil, in Oil r— Skins, fee Skins.

Seed; viz.

"— Anniseeds -Canary Seed " Carraway Seed Curthainus Seed -"* Clover Seed -

" Cole Seed Coriander Seed Cummin Seed ~ Fennel Seed -

~~ Fenugreek Seed

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

- the cwt.

- the quarter 8 bushels.

- - - the cwt.

- the cwt,

- the lb.

- - - the cwt.

Garden Seed or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - the lb.

Duly.

d.

Drawback.

£. *. d.

6 10 o

7 13 9 0 9 5

30 o o

003 0 4 3

004

o 1

O 15

O *5 o o

o

o

30

o

o

30 o o

003

043

004

o 1

O 15 O 15

o o

o o

o 30 o o

0 2 0

3 O O

076

010

010

038

076

4 o 1 6

18 8 6

Oil O 010 o 1

016 3 o 14 o 060 003

057

o 6 8

0120 o 0 3 o 7 10

o 4 o 1 o o

18 8 o 11 o 1

0 2 0

3 0 0

O38

076

007007

o 16 3 o 14 o 0 6 g 003

057

o d 8 o 12 o 003 o 7 10

022

036 o 3 8

1; Schedule (A.)

Seed, Hemp Seed, free.

----- Linseed or Flax Seed, free.

----- Lucerne Seed - - - - the cwt.

----- Maw Seed ----- the cwt.

■--- Millet Seed - - - - the cwt.

----- Milliard Seed - the cwt.

----- Onion Seed - - - the cwt.

-----Pioni or Peoni Seed - - - the lb.

----- Rape Seed - - - the quarter 8 bushels

----- Worm Seed - the lb.

—— not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every

£. loo of the value

Seed Lac. fee Gum Lac.

-----Oil. fee Oil.

-----Sena - - - - the lb.

Senega or Seneca Gum. fee Gum.

Seneka Radix or Root, fee Radix.

Serpentaria; Radix, fee R tdix.

Shaven Latten. fee Latten.

Shaving for Hats. Jie Platting.

Sheep, fee Piovilions.

Sheep Skins, fee Skins.

Sheeps Wool, fee Wool.

Shellac. Jre Gum Lac.

Shells, Mother of Pearl, fee in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) - for every £. 100 of the value Shovels of Wood unlhod - - for every dozen

Shruff or old Brals, lit only to be re-manufactured,

the hundred weight

Shumac or Surmac Sider. Jie Cider.

Silk; viz.

-----Kuubs or Hulks of Silk -

-----Organzine, and all thrown

—— Raw Silk of Turkey

- the cwt.

- the lb. of 16 oz. Silk in the Gum, the lb. of 16 oz. the lb. of 24 oz. of any other Country, except 11 is Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America

— - - of the Plantations -Thrown Silk, dyed - - the lb. of 16 oz.

undyed - - the lb. of 16 oz.

-----Waste Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described - the lb. of 16 oz.

-----Wrought, mixed with Gold or Suver, or both,

not enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every pound weig’it thereof

containing 16 ounces

-----Manufactures, all other, whether ot Silk only, or

mixed with any other Materials, not being particularly enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty - for every pound weigh 1 thereoi containing 16 ounces

•Silk Worm Gut - - for every £. 100 of the value

Silver Coin. Jee Coin.

----- Plate, fee Plate.

Simarouba Cortex, fee Cortex.

Singing Birds. J'ec Birds.

Siliers 'I'llread. Jee Thread.

Skeets for Whifters - the Ikeet

Skins; viz.

-----Badger Skins undressed - the {kin

-----Bear, White, undressed - the piece

----- - - - any other colour undressed - the piece

-----Beaver Skins undressed - - - the (kin

----- - if drelled in Oil - - a further

Duty per lb. of

-----Buck or Deer Skins, fee Deer, in Skins.

-----Calabar, fee Squirrel Skins.

—— Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drelled - - the dozen

----- - - tanned ----- the lb.

-----if drelled in Oil - a further Duty per lb. of

-----Cat Skins undressed - - - the 100 skins

-----Coney Skins undressed - - the dozen skins

-----Cordevants dressed, of Spain - t - the dozen

...... of Turkey - - the dozen

-----Deer Skins undressed - the

_____ - dressed - the {kin

___— — - - - Indian half dressed or {haved, the {kin

-----Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed - - - the dozen skins

-----Dog Fifti Skins undressed - - the dozen skins

-----Elk Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed - - ~ t^e

-----Ermin or Annin undressed, the timber of 40 skins

-----Fisher Skins undressed - the (km

—■ Filches Skins undressed - the timber of 4° Ikn18

-----Fox Skins, Black, undressed - - ^ie

. of all other forts undressed, the {km

_____Fox Tail# - - for every £. 100 of the value

Duly.

£• *• d.

060

0150

036

O 2 I

o 16 11 0 0 2 O46 O 1 1

18 8 6

Diawb ck.

1 2

5 0 0 030

oil 8 O 2 10

OO5

0 3 4 023

£. s. d. v

060 O 15 O 036 0 2 1 o 16 11 0 0 2 046

O 1 1

18 8 6

1 a

500

030

6118 o 2 10

0 3 4 023

9, o

o o

fl 19 9

6 19 9

5 3 o 5 3 o 18 8 6 18 8 6

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 IO 0 0 IO

0 14 1 1 0 14 1

0 7 7 1 0 7 7

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 0 3 0 a 3

0 4 2 0 4 2

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 15 4 0 15 4

0 0 6 0 0 6

1 0 0 1 0 0

0 17 9 0 17

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 3 5 0 3 5

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 14 7 0 14 7

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 6 1 0 6 1

1 10 0 1 10 0

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 CO 0 30 0 0

Appcr.'j

(No. 2;1’

3* M

A. i t[ co/ituiut

fntlix, . 29.) 4art it,

mvcd.

8 56

Appendix.

A. J803.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, kc..—-continued.

1. Schedule (AO

Skins—continued.

—,— Goat Skins) raw or undressed, in the Hair, if imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom legally navigated, and regularly entered and landed (free.)

—*----- - - - - imported in Foreign Shipping - the

dozen skins

—----- - - - tanned

----- if dreiled in Oil -

the dozen fix ins a further Duty for every lb. of the 120 skins the ikin the 100 skins the 100 Ikins

-----Ilare Skins, undrelfed -

-----Hufle Skins, undressed

-----Kid Skins, in the Hair

_____ ----- dreiled - '

_____Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 Ikins

_____- *----- dressed in Alum, Salt or Meal, the

100 Ikins

_- - - . dreiled in Oil - - the 100 Ikins

" And further, for every ten pounds weight thereof -

__________Slink, undrelled, in the Wool, the 120 Ikins

-----Leopard Skins, undrelled - - the Ik in

-----Lion Skins, undrelled - the skin

-----Martin or Martron Skins, undrelled - the timber

of 40 Ikins

----- - - ...... Tails, undressed, the 120 tails

-----Mineva ----- the mantle

-----Mink Skins, undrelled - the timber ol 40 Ikins

—— ----- tawed - the timber of 40 Ikins

-----Mole Skins, undrelled - - the dozen Ikins

-----Moose Skins, undrelled - the skin

-----Mufqualh Skins, undrelled - - the 100 Ikins

-----Otter Skins, undrelled - the skin

-----Ounce Skins, undrelled - the skin

-----Panther Skins, undrelTed - - the ikin

-----Pelts of Goats, undrelled - - the dozen pelts

----- dreiled - - the dozen pelts

-----of all other forts, undrelTed - the 100 pelts

----- Racoon Skins, undielled - - the 100 Ikins

-----Sable Skins, undrelTed - - - the skin

-----Tails, or Tips of Sable, undrelTed, the piece

-----Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dreiled - - the skin

----- . ... - raw and undrelled, and taken by the

crews of vessels belonging to and fitted out from the United Kingdom, Guernsey, Jersey, or Alan, navigated according to Law, and imported in such Shipping (free)

-----Sheep Skins, undrelled, in the Wool - the dozen

Ikius

----- - - - drelTed in Oil, or otherwise tanned or

tawed - the dozen ikins

" And further, if dreiled 111 Oil - tm every 10 lb.

-----5quirrel or Calabar Skins, undrelTed - - the

timber of 40 Ikins

----- - - ----- tawed - the timber

of 40 Ikins

----- -----Tails - for every £. 100 of the value

- - the skin

- - the skin

the 120 Ikins

the skin - the skin the skin

-'Swan Skins, undrelTed

- Tyger Skins, undrelled -

- Weulel Skins, undrelled -

- Wolf Skins, undrelTed ----- tawed

- Wolverings, undrelTed -

" Andalfo, such of the Skins hereinbefore enumerated, except those particularly provided for, shall be subject to the following further Duties:

-----if tanned - for every 10 lbs.

-----if drelTed in Oil - for every lb.

-----or Pieces of Skins, undrelled, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the \aiue

-----or Pieces of Skins, whether tanned, tawed, or in

any other way dreiled, not particularly enumerated or described, or other wise charged with Duty as such - for ev^ry £. 100 of the value " And further, if tanned - for every 10 lbs. thereof

----- if dressed in Oil - - the lb.

Slate, fee Stones.

----- Pencils - - for every £100 of the value

Slates in Frames, fee Stones.

Slick Atones. fee Stones.

Smalts ----- (free.)

Smyrna Raisins. he Rail ins.

Snake Root, fte Radix Serpentari®.

Snuff ----- the lb.

of the produce and manufacture of the United States of America.

Jet Boxes.

Snuff Boxe^.

Soap; xtz

----- Atbcs. fee Aihcs.

-----Hard -

fee Schedule (B.)

----- sat or Black, being for Manufacturer, use (frtej

Duty. Draw hack.

£■ *■ £. 6. d.

082 082

*244 244

004 004

0 4 1 041

0 0 3 003

1 6 9 1 6 9

1 13 4 1 13 4

071 071

1 0 5 1 0 5

280 280

006 006

024 024

0 9 3 0 9 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

3 9 10 3 9 10

0 13 2 0132

042 042

111 3 in 3

1 16 2 1 16 2

004 0 0 4

0 3 9 0 3 9

018 (5 018 6

022 022

0 4 10 0 4 10

077 077

020 020

036 0 3 6

011 3 0113

1 7 5 1 7 5

040 040

008 008

005 005

0 OO 018

0 5 10 0 5 10

0 0 006

030 030

040 040

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 1 4 014

046 0 4 6

0 3 9 0 3 9

080 080

011 2 Oil 2

0 00 048

oil Oil

O' 0 3 003

0 0 0 CO 30 0 0

0 0 0 CO 30 0 0

Oil 0 1 1

003 003

<0 oo 00 18 8 6

019 019

1 2 11 1 2 11

1

I. Schedule (A.)

Scotorina Allies, fee Aloes.

Spa Ware - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Water, fee Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanish Wool, fee Wool.

Spars, fee Wood.

Spelter - the cwt.

Spermaceti; viz.

-----Candles* fee Candles.

-----Coarle and Oily

Duty

-----line

-----Oil. fee in Oil.

Spike. Oil of. fee Oil.

Spirits; viz.

Arquebufude

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

the cwt. the cwt.

the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the gallon

-----Brandy, imported in British Shipping - the

gallon

-----imported in Foreign Shipping - the

gallon

----- Citron Water - the gallon

----- Cordial Water, or Strong Water, not other-

wile enunu rated or d< f ribed - the gallon

----- Geneva, imported in llritish Shipping - the

gallon

----- - - - - imported in Foreign Shipping - the

gallon

----- Hungary Water - the gallon

-----Lavender Water - the gallon

----- Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture ol any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, the gallon -----not of the British Plantations, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the gallon

----- Usquebaugh - the gallon

----- not particularly enumerated or defenb -a, or otherwise dunged with Duty - the gallon " And for every Gallon of Spirits called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of tingle Spirits, an additional Duty for such Spirits, to be paid in proportion to the Duties payable lor jingle Spirits of the like denomination, according to the comparative degree of firength which it shall bear tolingle Spirits of the fame denomination.

----- of 1 lartlhorn - for every £• 100 of the value

Spiritus Vitrioli. fee Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheel*, fee Wood.

Sponge - - the lb.

Spouts of Wood - - for every £. 100 of the value

Spruce Beer, fee Beer.

-----Efi'ence of. fee ElTence.

-----Cunvafs. fee Canvass, in Linen.

Squills - the Cwt.

Squirrel Skins, fee Skins.

Stags Horns, fee Horns.

Stained Paper, fee Paper.

Starch -

Stavefacre -

Staves, fee Wood.

Steel; viz.

----- Gad Steel -

----- Long Steel -

----- VVire. fee Wire.

----- Wisp Steel -

Stibium, fee Antimonium Preparatum.

Stick Lac. fee Gum Lac.

Stock Fish. fee Filli.

Stockings; viz.

----- of Cotton - for every' £. 100 of the value

----- of Thread or Worlled - for every £. 100

of the value

Stocks for Anchors, fee Anchor Stocks, in Wood. Stone Bottles, fee Bottles,

Stones; viz.

----- Blood Stones - per lb. weight.

----- Burrs for Mill Stones - - the 100

■ - - — Dog Stones, not exceeding 4 feet in diameter, above 6 and under 12 inches in thick nek,' the Lift of 3 pair

-----— Emery' Stones - - - the cwt.

----- — Filtering Stones, for every £. 10© of the value

----- Flag Slones - the 100 feet

-----— Flint Stones for Potters - the ton 20 cwt.

----- Grinding Stones - - per chaldron

-----— Marble Blocks, for even' £. 10c* of the value

— Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or ol 12 inches in thickness.or upwards, the p.vce

-----Pomice Stones - the ton of *20 cwt.

■ Quern Stones, under 3 feet diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thick-ness - the lull of 3 Jntir

C S. 3° o

0 15

o o o 1

o 8

o 7

o 8 o 8

o 8

o 7

o 8 o 8 o 8

Drawback.

£• J- d. 3° o 0

o 15 0

005

014

086

0 7 7

6\ o 8 6 6

6

6

086

086

076

0 8 c 086 6| o 8 6

0511

o 8 o 8

085

0 5 n

085

085

085

30 o o;3° 0 0

o 1

18 8

2! 0 1 2

O' 18 8 6

o 3 oj 0. 3 0

o 11

o 15

0 10 o 0

8 0 11 8 2! 0 15 a

063

0 10 0

0 6 1

! 0 t> 3

40 o

40 o

1

0 2 0 0

1 6 5 1

0 16 6 0

0 0 2' 1 0

18 8 6i ! 18

0 15 0 10

0 1 0| 0

0 3 10 ! 0

18 8 6 18

0 17 9 ' 0

1 16 9 1

0 7 0 0

0.40 0 0 J40 0 0

6 5

16 6 0 1

16 9

0 7 0

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

S5T

1 j

6: ’

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

Schedule (A.)

Stones; Quern Stones—continued.

■----- 3 feet in diameter and not

above 4 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness - the lad of 3 pair •----- Sculptured Marble, or other Stoue and Statuary - - for every £. 100 of the value

----- Slates in Frames, not exceeding 12 inches in

length - - the dozen

Sleek Stones White Stones -

exceeding 12 inches in length the dozen the 100 the 100

Storax, or Sty rax; viz.

-----Calamita - the lb.

-----Liquida ----- the lb.

Straw Hats or Bonnets, fee Hats.

-----Platting, fee Platting.

Stufls of all forts, made or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every yard

" And besides, if mixed with Silk, a further Duty for every lb. weight thereof Sturgeon ...... the keg

- - - the firkin

- the lb.

Succades or Succards -

Succini Sal. fee Sal.

Succinum. fee Amber.

Succus Liquoritia, or Liquorice Ball - - the cwt.

Sugar, Refined - - - - the cwt.

-----White, of the British Plantations - the cwt.

u not of the British Plantations, the cwt.

-----Mufcavado and Brown, of the British Plantations - - - - the cwt.

Not of the British Plantations - the cwt.

-----Of the growth, produce, or manufacture of

the East Indies, having been imported by the Company of Merchants in England trading to the East Indies, for every f. 100 of the value thereof, British currency, according to the grol's price, at which fuel) Sugar shall have been publicly sold at the said Company’s lale in London -" And further for every cwt. containing 112 lbs. -

— Candy; viz.

- ----- Brown - the cwt.

■-- —*- — - White - the cwt.

Sugar Moulds - the 100

Sulphur Vivum - the cwt.

SwanSkins. fee Skins.

Sweepwalhers Dirt, containing, fee Bullion.

Sweet Wood, fee Wood.

Sword Blades; viz.

-----fine - per dozen

—— -----7- coarse - - - - per dozen

T.

fee Gum.

Tacamahaca Gum.

Talc, Green - the lb.

-----White - - - - the ib.

Tallow ----- the cwt.

—-----Candles, fee Candles.

Tamarinds ----- the lb.

Tanners Wade - - - for every £. 100 of the value Tapes, fee Huberdafhery Wares.

Tapestry, not of Silk - for every £. 100 of the value Tapioca - - the lb.

Tar; viz.

-----of the product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the lull of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31

gallons

not being the product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom; viz. imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the hit of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 \ gallons imported in Foreign Shipping the lad 12 barrels each barrel not exceeding 31 \ gallons

'-----Of the product of the United States of America.

f e Schedule (B.) -rj—Barbadoes Tar - the lb.

Tares - for every £. 100 of the value

Tarras ----- the bulliel

Tartar, Cream of. fee Cream of Tartar.

Fartari Sal. fee-Sal.

*9 ln^ported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the sales of the Ealt 1 ridia Company in London, at a price notexcecding 2s. 6d. British per lb. weight - for every £. 100 of the value thereof, according to such price

VOL. 58.

Duty.

£■ S. d. £■ s. d.

I 7 2 1 7 2

30 0 0 30 0 0

O 1 0 O 1 0

O 2 0 O 2 0

O H 1 O H 1

O 2 9 O 2 9

O 1 1 O 1 1

O 0 8 O 0 8

O 6 11 0 6 11

5 1 8 5 1 8

0 4 10 0 4 10

0 9 8 0 9 8

0 1 1 0 1 1

1 19 6 1 19 6

5 8 3 5 8 3

' 1 5 3 1 5 3

2 11 3 2 11 3

I 1 8 l 1 8

1 14 2 1 H 2

<23 10 O

Drawback.

40 19 3 4° 19 3

" 00 0 P48.

3 ia 0 3 12 O

583 583

O 12 O O 12 0

090 0 9 0

Oil 4 oil 4

077 077

oc 0 0 0 0 8

005 0 0 5

026 0 2 6

004 0 0 4

1886 18 8 6

0 0 0 0 0

0 0 004

0 12 0 0 e» O

0 13 3 0 13 3

0 0 0 14 0

003 003

12 1 5 12 1 5

005 005

23 IO O

Schedule (A.)

Tea—continued.

-----imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India , Company in London, at a price exceeding 25. 6d. per pound - for £.100 of the value, according to such price ----- 1,000

for every £. 100 the value

Teafels Telescopes -Terra; viz.

----- Japonica

-----Umbra

----- Verda

for every £. 100 of the value - per cwt.

- - for every £. 100 of the value

for every £. 100 of the value fee Woad.

Thermometers Thouloufe Woad Thread; viz.

----- Bruges or Bridges Thread, the dozen pounds

----- Cotton Thread, for every £. 100 of the value

----- Gold and Silver thread - - per lb.

----- Outnall Thread - - the dozen lbs.

----- Pack Thread - the 100 lbs.

-----Sillers Thread - the lb.

----- Whited brown Thread - the dozen lbs.

----- not other wise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Thrown Silk, fee Silk.

Thyme, Oil of. fee Oil.

Ticken. fee Manufacture of Linen, in Linen.

Ticks, fee Manufacture of Linen, in Linen.

Tiffanies, fee Silk wrought, in Silk.

Tiles; viz.

----- Flanders Tiles - - - the 1,000

----- Galley 'Files - the foot square

----- Pan Tiles ----- the 1,000

----- Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 inches square,

the 1,000

----- Paving Tiles, exceeding 10 inches square - the

1,000

--- Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles, not otherwise

enumerated or described - for every £.100 of

the value

Timber, fee Wood.

Tin, unwrought - - - - the cwt.

Tineal. fee Borax, unrefined.

Tin Foil - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tobacco; viz.

-----unmanufactured, of the growth or production

of Mis Majesty s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America - the lb.

• - - - il imported by Strangers, or by any Law' now in force be subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every pound weight - For the conditions, regulations, and restriOions, under which such Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses, without payment of the above Duties, fee the Tobacco Act, 40 Geo. III. ch. 42.

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes ...... per gross

Tongues* fee Provisions.

Tonnage Duty, fee Schedule (D.)

Tooth Powder - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tornfal, or Tumfole - the cwt.

-----(free for Dyers use.)

Tortoise Shell - the lb.

Tow ----- the cwt.

----- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a Foreign

Ship ----- the cwt. Toys, not particularly enumerated or described, or charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the

value

Tragacanth Gum. fee Gum.

Train Oil. fee Oil.

Trays of Wood - the Ihock of 60

Trees and Plants, free.

Tree Nails, fee Trunnels, in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood - - the gross 12 dozen

Truffles ...... the lb.

Tubs of Wood, not bound with Iron - - the dozen Turmiric ----- the lb.

-----(free for Dyers use.)

Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Turpentine; >ciz.

...... common, of the British Plantations, or

other place - the cwt.

-----of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus - the lb.

__________of Germany, or any other place not other-

wife enumerated or described, the cwt. of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

-----Oil. fee Oil.

fee Lapis.

Duty.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

38 10 0 38 10 0

O 0 3 O 0 3

3° 0 0 30 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 7 2 O 7 2

18 8 6 18 8 0

18 8 6 18 8 6

0 19 10 O 19 10

40 0 0 40 0 0

5 13' 8 5 13 8

0 17 7 0 17 7

0 16 1 0 16 1

0 6 1 0 6 1

0 7 6 0 7 6

30 0 0 30 0 0

Tutiae Lapjs. Twine

IO I

Drawback.

1 4

0 o

1 3

1 o 1 12

30 o o o 16 o 30 o o

O O 8-J;

0 o tTV

014

30 o o 0 9 8

013

020

2 6

30 0 0

• 40

010

020

010

004

30

o o

0 2 11

0 0 6

o 15 O

1 o 1 12

30 o a o 16 o 30 00

O O 8^5

o o lZs

30 o o 098

o 1 3

0 2 0

026

30 o o

040

010 0 2 0 010 004

30 o o

O 2 11 006

O 15

A]

3°

cc

f 4

858

Appendix

A. 1803.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

Twifl of Cotton of all kinds, for every £. loooof the value Twill of Gold or Silver, or both - the pound weight

containing lb ounces Twills for Bandilrings. fee Bandftring Twill.

Tvgcr Skins, fee Skins.

V.

Valonia - the cwt.

-----(free for Dyers use.)

Varnish - - * - - - the cwt.

Vales; viz.

.— -----of Stone or Marble sculptured. fee sculptured

.Marble, in Stones, of any other fort, for every £. ioo. of the \aluc

- - the Skin

the lb.

the lb.

the lb. the lb.

the ton, 252 gallons the lb.

Veal, fee Provisions.

Vellum -Verdigris; viz.

-----common

-----(free for Dyers use.)

----- chryftallized -

Verjuice, fee Vinegar.

Vermicelli -Vermillion or Cinnabar -Users. fee Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice Viniiloes -

Violet Leaves, fee Leaves.

Virginal Wire, fee Wire.

Vitriol, Oil of. fee Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum. fee Copperas blue.

Umber, fee Terra Umber, in T.

Vomica Nux. fee Nux V omica.

Ulquebaugh. fee Spirits.

Vulture leathers. Jet Leathers.

W.

Wainscot, Boards, fee Boards, in Wood.

-----Logs. J'ce Wood.

Walking Canes. J'ee Canes.

— -----Slicks. J'ce Sticks.

Walnut Oil. fee Oil.

Walnuts. J'ee Nuts.

Walking Balls. J'ee Balls.

Waite Silk. J'cc Silk.

Watch Glanes - - - for every/. 100 of the value Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal - for every

£• 100 of the value Aud further, as Gold or Silver - - for every ounce Troy weight thereof

Water; viz.

-----Aripiebufade. -

•-----Citron.

— -----Cordial. V

----- Hungary.

-----Lavendar.

-----Mineral or Natural Water, the dozen bottles

or tiafks, each bottle or lialk not exceeding three pints -

(The hollies or stalks containing such Mineral Water, are to pay Duty respectively.)

-----Strong Water, fee Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Wax; riz.

— --- Bees Wax; viz.

----- - unnuinufaciurcd ——

----- - - * - while, or manufactured - -

-----Hard Wax -

-----Sealing Wax. J'cc Hard Wax.

-----Candles, j'ee Candles.

Weasel Skins, jte Skini.

Weed Allies. J'cc Allies.

fee Spirits.

the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

Weld

(free for Dyers ule.)

the cwt.

V hale kins or \\ hale Bone, of Foreign Shipping - the

ton of 20 cwt.

ot British orlrish FiRiing, and imported in inch Shipping - the tun ot 20 cwt.

Wlmle Oil. fec oil.

Wheat. J'cc Corn.

—----- Flower, fee Corn.

\\ lietltoiies. fee Stones.

the lb.

fee Boards, in Wood.

Whip Cord -

W liilk Brooms, fee Brooms.

V lute Boards lor Shoemakers,

V\ bite Lend, /he Lead.

' hie";' j' U 6 ' " ' ,or ev«7 100 of the value

French Wine;

In.ported in Shipping of the Uni tod Kingdom, lC< . " the ton ot 252 gallons

........111 foreign Shipping, tilled - - the

Iiimorip i;n CU- - t(m 01 251 gallons

SJ‘ny^PP'nfiof the United Kingdom.

- the tonut 252 gallons m foreign Shipping, unfilled - the ton of 1*5-i gallons

Duty. Draw hack.

£■ •> £■ d.

-P- O O O 40 0 0

6 15 0 6 15 0

0 Oil O Oil

0113 Oil 3

0 0 30 0 0

0 1 S 018

009 009

O 1 fy * 5

0 0 4 004

0 i 4 0 1 4

9 15 8 9 15 8

060 O6O

76 4 0 76 4 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

008 008

026 026

1 13 3 1 13 3

203 2 0 3

008 008

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 0 0 1200 0

110 0 1 10 0

0 0 004

<0 00 00 —* 18 8 6

68 4 6 68 4 6

7° 9 0 0 0

63 16 0 63 16 0

65 16 10 65 16 10

1. Schedule (A.)

Wine—continued.

German Wine. 7 -

lf . r iV > fee Rhcmlh Wine.

Hungary \\ me. 3 J

Madeira Wine; viz.

" imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

filled - - tile ton 252 gallons

-----in Foreign Shipping, filled - - the

ton, 252 gallons

" imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

unfilled - the ton 252 gallons

" imported in Foreign Shipping, unfilled - - the

ton 252 gallons

Portugal Wine, Spanish and Canary Wine, and all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Napies; viz.

" imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled - - - the ton of 252 gallons

" in Foreign Shipping - - the ton filled of

252 gallons

" imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - - the ton of 252 gallons

" in Foreign Shipping - - the ton unfilled of

252 gallons

Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine,

" imported in Shipping 01 the United Kingdom, filled - the ton of 252 gallons " imported in Foreign Shipping, filled - - the

ton of 252 gallons " imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - - the ton of 252 aallons

" in Foreign Shipping, unfilled - - the ton of

252 gallons Not otherwise enumerated or ddcribed; riz.

" imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled - - - the ton 252 gallons

-----in Foreign Shipping - - the ton

filled, 252 gallons Not otherwise enumerated or described,

Imported in Snipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled - - - - the ton 252 gallons

Imported in Foreign Shipping, unfilled - the

ton 252 gallons

Wire,

—— Brass or Copper - - the cwt. containing H2lbs.

-----gilt or plated - for every £. 100 of the value

Further, for every ounce of Gold or Silver thereon

-----Iron Wire - - - the cw t.

-----Latten Wire - the cwt.

— Silver - - - for every £. 100. of the value

And for every ounce Troy thereof

-----Steel the lb.

-----Virginal; viz,

—— - - - - Brals or Copper - - - the lb.

.....- - - - Iron - the lb.

-----of any other fort, not particularly

enumerated or dcfeished, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every

£. 100 of the value

Wilp Steel, fee Steel.

Woad; viz.

-----G reen Woad - the cwt.

----- (free for Dyers use.)

-----— Tholoule Woad - - - the cwt.

----- (free for Dyers use)

Wolf Skins. 7 r

Wolverings. f >c Sklns-Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks, in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

each

- — -----in Foreign Shipping - - - each

-----of the produce of the British Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence -

- - - Allies. J'ee Allies, being 5 inches square, and under 8 inches

square, or if 24 feet in length, or upwards the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - the 120 under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - the 120 Balks of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies in America, and imported directly from thence - - for every 120

-----being 8 inches square and upwards, are

to be deemed Timber, and pay Duty as such.

- Barrel-boards, fee Boards.

- Barrel-Haves. J'ce Staves.

■ Battens, being 8 feet in length, and under 12

.feet, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

Duly. Drawback.

£• s- £■ *. d.

44 14 0 44 14 0

4 4 4 +6 4 4

41 17 0 41 17 0

43 3 3 43 3 3

43 13 0 43 13 0

45 3 4 45 3 4

40 16 0 40 16 0

42 2 3 42 2 3

34 * 5 34 2 5

35 13 n 35 13 I*

3i H 1 3» 14 l

33 2 6 33 6

32 0 5 32 0 5

33 15 0 33 15 0

29 11 0 29 11 0

31 2 7 31 2 7

1 18 1 1 l8 1

30 0 0 30 0 0

008 0 08

406 406

1 16 3 1 16 3

18 8 6 18 8 6

008 0 0 t

0 1 0 010

0 1 3 0 1 3

1 0 1 4 0 1 4

0 0 0 30 0 0

024 0 2 4

040 0 4 0

0 l 5 0 1 5

old 0 1 6

006 0 0 6

272 2 7

211 5 2115

0 17 3 0 17 3

0 19 5 0 19 5

0100 0 10

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

859

t: t y’t,

; f 411;

3 3-;.

1 1

.i; 1

5

: 1:: 1

3 !Jj-

1

■ !; ‘; , 1

t: •5 i

li

■ ■. 3 ’

* f’1 ' . I

i V

; H1* 1

«V

li -1

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of Goods, Wares,

1. Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

nor 2j inches in thickness, the hundred containing 6 score,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Battens, imported in Foreign Shipping - - the 120

• — being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in

length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in thickness 2^ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -r - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 14 feet and under 16 feet in length,

not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in thickness 2j inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -^ - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3J inches in thickness,.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 16 feet and under 18 feet in length,

not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in thickness 2J inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping »f the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -• - * - being 3^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- f - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign shipping -

• * - being 18 feet and not exceeding 20 feet in

length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2i inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -»■ - - being 3^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4$ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - from ,20 feet in length and upwards, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2$ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

Duty. Drawback.

£■ J>. d. £■ d.

O 8 0 O 8 0

O 10 2 O 10 2

0 8 8 O 8 8

O 10 9 O 10 9

O 9 2 O 9 2

O 11 5 0 11 5

O 9 10 O 9 10

O 12 0 0 12 0

O 10 5 O 10 5

O 12 8 O 12 8

O 9 4 0 9 4

O 11 3 0 11 3

O 10 4 0 10 4

O 12 0 0 12 0

11 0 0 11 0

O 12 9 0 12 9 1

O 11 8 0 11 8

0 13 6 0 13 6

0 12 4 0 12 4

0 H 3 0 14 3

0 10 8 0 10 8

0 13 4 0 13 4

0 11 6 0 11 6

0 H 2 0 H 2

0 12 2 0 12 2

0 15 0 0 15 0

0 13 0 0 13 0

0 16 0 0 16 0

0 13 10 0 13 10

0 17 4 0 17 4

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 14- 2 0 H 2

0 12 2 0 12 2

0 15 0 0 15 0

0 13 0 0 13 0

0 16 3 0 16 3

0 13 10 0 13 10

0 17 8 0 17 8

0 14 8 0 H 8

0 18 4 0 18 4

0 12 10 0 12 10

0 H 10 0 H 10

0 13 8 0 l3 8

0 16 0 0 16 0

0 14 6 0 >4 6

0 17 0 0 17 0

0 4 0 15 4

0 18 2 0 18 2

0 16 4 0 16 4

0 19 2 0 l9 2

0 15 5 0 15 5

0 19 6 0 19 6

0 16 7 0 16 7

1 0 8 1 0 8

1. Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

Battens, being 3J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 4^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - of the growth and production of the Britishi

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

- - - exceeding 7 inches in breadth, to be deemed

as Deals, and to pay Duty as such accord* ing to their respective dimensions.

Batten Ends, being under 5 feet in length, notexcec^-ing 7 in breadth, nor in thickness sf inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in f oreign Shipping -

- - - being 4^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in f oreign Shipping -

- - - being 5 and under 8 leet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2* inched, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 3y inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping

- - being 4- inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imponed in Foreign Shipping -

- - - ol all forts, of the growth and production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - - the 120

- - - exceeding 7 inches in breadth, to be deemed

Deal Ends, and to pay Duty according to their respective dimensions.

Beach Boards. Jie Boards.

Beech Plank, being 2 inches in thickness or upwards, the load, containing 50 cubic feet, Imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

- - - Quarters, being 5 inches square, and under

8 inches square - the 120

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -. - - being under 5 inches square,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

Boards:

-----Barrel- - the J20

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Beech, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -• - - - under 2 inches in thickness, and 15 feet in length, and upwards, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Clap Board, or Clap Holt, not exceeding

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - -

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

Duty. Drawback.

£■ s. d. £. s. d.

0 17 7 0 17 7

1 1 10 1 1 10

0 19 6 0 19 6

1 3 6 1 3 6

102 1 6 2

1 5 5 1 5 5

050 050

7

8

4

12

13 16

o 10 o

*4

15

12

16

15

o

15

16

076

0 1 8 0 1 8

0 2 1 0 2 l

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 2 4 0 2 4

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 2 2 0 2 2

0 2 8 0 2 8

0 2 4 0 2 4

0 2 10 0 2 10

0 2 3 0 2 3

0 2 10 0 2 10

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 3 1 0 3 l

0 2 10 0 * 10

0 3 4 0 3 4

0 3 1 0 3 1

0 3 8 0 .3 8

0 3 4 0 3 4

0 4 0 0 4 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

070

082

030

1 4 10 1 12 o

o 13 10 o id o

o 10 o

o 14 © o 15 o

O 12 5 o 16 6

o 15* 6 108

o 15 € o 16 2

076

Ap

3*

CO,

860

Appendix.

A. 1803*

ndix,

29.)

lartii%

nved.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c. continued.

Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued\

Boards, Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, 4 feet in length, and under 6 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -____Linn Boards, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, 4 feet in length, and 6 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Oak, under 2 inches in thickness, and under

15 feet in length, the i‘>o,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom imported in Foreign Shipping -.. - - under 2 inches in thickness, and 15 feet in length, or upwards, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Paling, hewed on one lide, not exceeding 7

feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Paling, exceeding 7 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -Pipe, above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches square, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches

square, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in

length, and under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 Boards of Wainscot, 12 feet in length, and l inch in thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or less length or thickness, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

the 120

- - - White, fee Linn Boards.

Boom Spars, fee Spars.

Boxwood, the ton

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the Britilli Colonies, Plantations, or Set-

tlements in America or Africa, and imported directly from thence - - the ton

Brazil, or Fernambucca ... the ton (free for Dyers use.)

Brazilletto. or Jamaica Wood . - - the ton

Cam Wood - the ton of 20 cwt.

(free for Dyers use.)

Cant Spars, fee Spars.

Clap Ilolt. fee Clap Boards.

Deals

being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2J inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 3 A inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 4 inches in thickness, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 1 inputted in Foreign Shipping -being 4* inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2$ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 3 inches in thickness.

w __________>11 Lim nueia.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being 3 A inches in thickness,

Imported in Slapping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

Duty.

060

006

007

030

2 4 3 269

o 13 o 17

Drawback.

£■ *. d. £■ s. d.

1 15 0 1 15 0

2 0 0 2 0 0

3 10 0 3 16 0

4 0 0 4 O 0

1 3 4 1 3 4

1 7 10 1 7 10

1 10 8 1 10 8

1 16 0 1 16 0

0 00 c» 0 2 8

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 5 0 5 2

0 5 8 0 5 8

0 15 4 0 15 4

0 16 1 0 16 1

0 17 0 0 17 0

0 18 0 0 18 0

o 15 6

o 19 10

0168

122

o 17 10 * 3 4

0 i«5 4

° 19 3

° 16 5

1 o 10

O 17 6 12 4

a 6 o

006

007

030

000

269

0 19 3 0 19 3

2 17 6 2 17 6

0 10 3 0 10 3

1 3 4 1 3 4

o 13 2 o 17 6

o 14 4 o 14 4

018 8 018 8

o 15 6

o 19 10

o 16 8 122

0 17 10

1 3 4

015 4

o 19 3

0 16 5

1 o 10

0 17 6

1 2 4

1. Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

Deals, being 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4$ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 14 feet in length, and under 16 feet in

length, and not exceeding in thickness 2^ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 J inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 16 feet in length, and under 18 feet in

length, and not exceeding in thickness 2.J inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping

- - - being 3- inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being 4J inches in thickness.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 18 feet in length, and not exceeding

20 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2$ inches, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - being 3J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 A inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 4! inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- — exceeding 20 feet, in length and not exceeding 25 feet in length, and not of a greater thickness than 2 J inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- — being 3 A inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - r

-----being 4A inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----exceeding 25 feet in length, and under 30

feet in length, and not of a greater thickness than 2 5 inches, the 12®,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3A inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 4 J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 30 feet in length, and upwards, and

not exceeding in thickness 2^ inches, the 120,

Duty. Di aw btek.

£■ S. d. £■ s. d.

O 18 7 0 18 7

1 3 10 1 3 10

O 19 8 0 19 8

1 5 6 1 5 6

O l7 10 0 17 10

1 3 2 1 3 2

O 19 2 0 19 2

1 4 10 1 4 10

1 0 10 1 0 lo

1 6 0 1 6 0

1 2 6 1 2 6

1 7 8 1 7 8

1 4 0 1 4 0

1 10 2 1 10 2

1 0 6 1 0 6

1 5 6 1 5 6

1 3 6 1 3 6

1 8 0 ] 8 0

1 5 6 1 5 6

1 10 6 1 10 6

1 7 6 1 7 6

1 13 0 1 13 0

1 9 6 1 9 6

1 15 6 1 *5 6

1 2 6 1 2 6

1 7 0 1 7 0

1 4 6 1 4 6

1 9 0 1 9 0

1 6 6 1 6 6

1 11 6 1 11 6

1 8 6 1 8 6

1 >3 6 1 13 6

1 10 6 1 10 6

1 17 6 1 17 6

1 7 0 1 7 0

1 H 0 1 H 0

1 9 0 1 9 0

1 17 0 1 17 0

1 11 0 1 ll 0

1 19 6 1 19 6

1 13 0 1 13 0

2 1 0 2 1 0

1 15 0 I 15 0 c

2 4 6 2 4 0

1 2 13 1 0 6 1 n 2 1 0 6

1 15 6 115 6

2 5 6 2 5 0

1 18 0 1 18 0

2 9 0 2 9 0

2 0 6 2 0 6

2 12 0 2 12 0

2 2 3 16 6 0 2 2 3 16 6 0

Dea

Dd

Beals

ttor.i

kre V

firQ

1

Vti

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

861

■' Sc,iedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &cc.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

o

J * '

r,

Wood —continued.

Deals, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in tkicknds,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3^ inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 4 inches' in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4..J inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign shipping -Deal Ends, being under 5 feet 111 length, and not exceeding in thickness 2^ inches, the 12c, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----being 3 inches in thicKnels, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -*■ - - being 3.J inches m thickness.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4 inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping 01 the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4.^ inches in thicknois.

Imported in Shipping 01 the U nited Kingdom Imported 111 Foreign Shipping -, — being 3 and under 8 leet in length, and not exceeding in thick nets 2/, inches, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign shipping -

- - - being 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 3.i inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 4 inches in thickness.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 4^ inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -Deals and Deal Ends, of all forts, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or IMantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - - the 120

Ebony, of the growth or produce of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence - - - the ton

- - - of any other Country or Place - the ton Fire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6

high,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kint Imported in Foreign Shipping - the ful

- -----of the British Colonies or Plantat

feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdon Imported in Foreign Shipping -* - - being 5 inches square, and umfrr 8 inches square, if 24 feet or upwards in length the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdon Imported in Foreign Shipping -- * - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of tin grow'th or production of the British Colonies or Plantations, and imported fron thence - the 12(

Fir Timber, fee Timber.

Fuftic - the toi

(free for Dyer9 use.)

Guinea Wood, fee Pied Wood.

Dandfpikes, under 7 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdon Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations - - the 12c

Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----of the growth or Production of the Brit

Colonies or Plantations - - the 1

Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingd< Imported in Foreign Shipping -" * being 5 and under 8 inches Iquare, the \ f. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingd< Imported in Foreign Shipping -

VOL. 58.

Duty. Drawback.

£• *• d- 1 19 0 2 10 0 £. s. d. 1 19 0 2 10 0

220 2.15 0 220 2 15 0

250 2 19 0 250 2 19 0

286 3 3*° 286 3 3 0

2 12 0 3 i° 0 2120 3 10 0

0 3 4 040 0 3 4 040

038 0 4 10 038 0 4 10

040 0 5 5 040 0 5 5

046 0 5 loj 046 0 5 10

050 0 6 0 050 0 (3 6

0 4 5 058 045 058

0410 062 0 4 10 062

052 068 052 068

0 5 8 070 058 070

062 080 0 6 2 080

050 050

0 12 9 800 0 12 9 800

021 026 021 026

006 006

l Oil 0 0 14 C) Oil 0 0 14 0

t 1 120 I 8 0 120 180

1 > 0 10 0 0 10 0

1 0 15 0 . 0 15 0

1 0 3 4 ' 0 3 5 1 0 3 4 035

>014 014

> > 0 5 4 056 1 >026 054 056 ► 026

* 0 3 5 046 i 0 3 5 ► 046

1 0 US 5 01 of 1 0 15 5 > 0 16 6

Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

Knees, of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations - - - - the 120

* * - above 8 inches square, the load of 50 cubic

feet, ' '

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations - the load of

50 cubic feet

Lathwood, in pieces under 5 feet in length, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ’ Imported in Foreign Shipping -

• - - in pieces 5 feet in length and upwards, the

fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- — in pieces of all forts, the growth or produc-

tion of the British Colonies or Plantations, and imported from thence - the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high Lignum Vitae - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

(free for Dyers use.)

Logwood ----- the ton

(free for Dyers use.)

Mahogany, the growth or production of any part of America or the West Indies * the ton

of 20 cwt.

-----not imported directly from thence, or being

the growth of any other Country, the ton Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, being six inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, the piece, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in foreign Shipping -

- - of the British Colonies or Plantations m America, and imported from thence, - the

piece

- - - being 8 and under 12 inches in diameter, the piece,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - - - the piece

-----being 12 inches and upwards in diameter, the

load, containing 50 cubic fret,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported from thence - the

load containing 50 cubic feet Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 inches in diameter, to pay Duty as Spars of the like dimensions.

Nicaragua Wood - - the ton of 20 cwt.

(tree for Dyers use.)

Oak Boards, fee Boards.

Oak Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thick-ness, the load of 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

-----of all forts, of the growth or production of

the British Colonies or Plantations, and imported from thence - - - the 120

Oak Timber, fee Timber.

/Jars, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations, and imported from thence - the 120

Olive Wood, of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported from thence - - the ton

- - - of the growth of any other Place - the ton

Paling Board, fee Board.

Pipe Boards, fee Boards.

lied or Guinea Wood - - * the ton

(free for Dyers use,)

Hound Wood, in pieces under 8 inches square, and under 6 fret in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -In pieces under 8 inches square and of 6 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - -

Round Wood, in pieces of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported from thence - the

I<PK

byGOOglC

Duty. 1 Drawback.

£■ '• d. . £

O ca 0 056

050 050

060 060

034 034

O 10 9 6 10 9

0 11 9 0119

0 10 0 0 16 0

0 17 6 0 17 6

036 036

.068 0 6 8

056 056

0 13 0 0 13 0

268 268

024 024

025 0 2$

020 0 2 0

0 4 10 0 4 10

052 052

~ 0 0 040

015 8 0 15

0 16 8 0 16 8

0 2" 0 0 14 0

0 16 0 0 16 0

0114 011 4

0 12 10 0 12 10

.050 050

1 19 2 1 19 2

256 2 5 0

• 12 0 1 0 12 0

076 076

2 0 0 2 0 0

13 4 * & 4

0 10 0 0 IO O

0110 O 11 O

10c 1 1 0 0

12 0 >12 0

2 0 0 2 0

lie

Apj,

(Nc

3*

CO,

862

Appendix,

A. 1803.

43

ndix,

29.)

ra>tii,

nurd.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland ot Goods, Wares, &c. continued.

Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

Suppun Wood, of the British Colonies and Planta-1 tions, and imported from thence - for , - e\try £. too of the value

b - - of the produce of any other Country - *‘>r every £. 100 of the value

Spars, under 22 feet in length and under 4 inches in diameter, exclusive of the Hark, the 1 '20,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom b Imported in Foreign Shipping

- - - being T] ’ }'°ct in length or upwards, and

under 4 inches diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120,

‘ Imported in Shipping of the UnitcdKhigdom

Imported in Foreign Shipping . - - - being 4 inches and under 6 indies diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping

* - - of all forts under 6 inches in diameter, ex-

elulive of the Bark, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations* in America, and imported from thence - the 120

All Spar.;, 6 inches and upwards in diameter, to pay Duty as Malts, according to their respective dimensions,

Speckled Wood, of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa, or America, and , imported from thence - - the ton

-----of the growth of any other place - the ton

Spokes of Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1,000,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -» - - exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1,000,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

* - - of all forts, of the growth or production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported from thence - -

the 1,000

Staves, not exceeding 36 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

* - - above 36 inches in length, and not exceeding

50 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - above 50, and not exceeding 60 inches in

length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported 111 Foreign Shipping -

- - - above 60, and not exceeding 70 inches in

length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom . Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - above 72 inches in length, not above 3 Inches

in thickness,. and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - - * -

- - - above *3 inches in thickness, or above 7

inches in breadth, and not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, arid pay Duty accordingly.

-----above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7

inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

* - - of all lorts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 1Q0 -

~ all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and o f \v 1II‘f)0rU>d directly from thence, the 120,

C °u ’ growth or production of the

ntish Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America - - the

.\ n ton of 20 cwt.

- - - of any other Country or Place - - the ton

Duty. Drawback.

£■ £■ s. <!.

3 12 0 3 12 0

CO 00 18 8 6

074 074

081 0 8 1

013 0 0 1,=> O

0 to 0 O 16 O

112 O 112 O

1 14 0 1 I4 O

O c> 0 060

0 10 0 0 IO O

2 IO 0 2 10 0

0 12 8 0 12 8

0 00 0 14 8

1 6 8 1 6 8

198 t 9 8

0 3 9 0 3 9

020 020

022 022

37 0 3 7

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 411 0 411

0 5 0 050

0 6 6 066

068 068

066 0 6 6

068 068

OOC

OlO

o 10 o

300

006

010

o 10 o

300

1. Schedule (A.)

Wood—continued.

Timber:

- — Fir Timber, being 8 inches square, and hot

exceeding 10 inches liptare, the load of 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping - -

- - - exceeding 10 inches liquate, the load of 50

cubic ieet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - being 8 inches hpiare or upwards, of the

gro wth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the

load of 50 cubic feet Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 8 inches lquure or upwards, being of the

growth or production of the British Plantations or Colonies 111 America, and imported directly irom thence - - the

load of 50 cubic ket Timber Oak, of all forts, not particularly enumerated or defended, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of ali lorts, not particularly enumerated or

d'dcribod, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 inches fouare or upwards, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and im-. ported directly irom thence - - the

load of 50 cubic feet Treenails or Trenails, the 1,000,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -Users, under 5 inches i'quare and 24 feet in length, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 5 and under 8 inches lqiiare, or if 24

feet m length or upwards, the 120, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, under 8 inches l’quare, of t.he

growth or production of the British Colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120 Wainscoat Boards. Jcc Boards.

- — Logs, 8 inches l’quare or upwards the load,

01 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom Imported in Foreign Shipping -being of the grow th or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the

load of 50 cubic feet unmanufactured, of the grow th or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value not particularly enumerated or described, or other-wile charged with Duty - - for every £. 100 of the value

Yards, fee Mails.

of the growth or production of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

-----of every kind, for Dyers use, imported from

any place whatever, free.

Wool; viz.

—----- Beaver Wool -

- the lb.

• ...... cut or combed - - the lb.

■ Cannenia. fee Goats Hair, in Flair.

- Coney ----- the lb.

■ Cotton, of the growth or production of the

British Colonies or Plantations, the 100 lbs.

■ — - - of the growth or production of

Turkey - - the 100 lbs.

• - - - - of the growth or production of any other Country or Place - the 100 lbs.

of the growth or production of any part of the United StatPs of America, fee Schedule (B.)

■ Eltridge Wool, for every £. 100 of the value ■Goals Wool, fee Goats Hair, in Hair.

• Hares Wool - the 100 lbs.

• Bed - - for every £. 100 of the value

■ Spanish, free.

Duty. Drawback.

£■ s- d. £■ *■ d.

O4O 040

0 4 9 0 4 9

044 O44

050 0 5 0

016 0 1 6

0 6 it) 0 6 10

077 0 7 7

0 3 4 0 3 4

040 040

0 4 9 049

0 1 6 0 1 6

036 03 6

040 040

0 15 0 0 15 0

0 16 0 0 id 0

1120 1 12 0

1 13 0 1 13 0

080 080

0 00 0 080

090 090

0 3 4 0 3 4

3 12 0 3 12

18 8 0 18 8 6

010 0 1 0

1 1 0 1 1 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

0 0 0 106

0 7 10 0 7 10

0 U\ c 0 15 0

3 12 0 3 11 0

0 2 0 0 4 9

3 12 0 3 i'2 9

Horn

lank.

U: — ( — (

— C

.Ijtot fl

.fee. 1

-----1

—I

JkIkl.

UV' Si; V

1!

Wj; r ■—I — 1

V-i,

... i

•VII

h;

Ld.

fell

be.

'—for

I;

r;

Y,.(

lk,'

if.5"

K

V

■*I

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

863

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)

Duty.

Wool—con t i n lied.

-----'Turkey Goats, fee Goats Ilair, in Hair.

Woollen Studs, jet Stulls.

.-----Yarn, jie Yam.

Worm Seed, jie Seed.

Wonted 'I apes, fee Haberdashery.

•----- Yarn, jec Yarn.

Y.

Yards, fee Masts, in Wood.

Yarn; viz.

----- Cable Yarn - the cwt.

----- Camel or * Mohair Yarn, the lb. containing 16

ounces

----- Cotton Yarn - the lb.

----- Grogram Yarn - the lb. containing l6 ounces

----- Raw Linen Yarn, made of Max - - the lb.

Drawback.

£■ »• d. £■ d.

0 3 . 6 0 3 6

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 0 9 (> 0 9

0 1 6 0 1 6

l. Schedule (A.)

Yarn—continued.

----- Wick Yarn - - for every £. too of the value

----- Woollen and Bav - the cwt.

----- Worded, being of two or more threads, twilled

or thrown - the lb.

----- of any other fort, not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherw ife charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value Yellow Berries. Jet Berries.

Zatlre. Jie Cobalt.

Zedoaria ----- the lb.

" All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes wlaitloever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or olherwile charged with Duty, and not prohibited to he imported into or used in Ireland, and not bring exempt from Duty - - for every £.100 01 va^tie

18 8 6

Duty. Drawback.

£. i. d. £■ *• d.

30 0 0 30 0 0

0 17 10 O 17 IO

0 0 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

Oil 0 1 1

18 8 6

l. S II E D U L E (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or dricribed, b ung of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America, imported directly from thence, -according to Law; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed cu the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

1. Schedule (B.)

Duty.

Arrow Root ----- the cwt.

Allies; viz.

-----Pearl Allies - the cwt.

-----Pot Allies - - - - the cwt.

Beaver Skins. Jec Skins.

Blubber, jie Oil.

Calve Skins. Jec Skins.

Cotton Wool - - - - the cwt.

Gum; viz. Cashew Gum - the cwt.

-----—'ll ior Dyers ub*, free.)

Hemp, rough -

Hides; viz.

--Bull, Cow, or Ox in the Hair * the piece

■— 1 lories, Mares, or Geldings, in the Ilair - the

r I fee W.

wfprits. j J

>od.

-- Indi an or B' rlelo, undrtlTed - the piece

— Hides or pints a 1 hides, raw or undielled,

not purtici'tc’riy enunciated or described, or oLherwne charged with Duty, for every £. too of the value Indigo ----- the loo lbs.

■-----(If for Dyers use, free.)

Iron; viz. in i-ais, or unwrought -

----- Pig Iron

Mahogany.

lahs. Yards, or Bowfj Oil; riz.

-----Spermaceti or Head Matter, the Ion 252 gallons

-----Train Oil or Blubber, or 1 nil Oil - the ton 252

gallons

Pitch - the last, containing 12 barrels, each bar;el

containing 31A gallons Provisions (not being Groceries) - for every £. 100 of

the value

Rice ----- the cwt.

• --For the Conditions and Regulations under which

Rice may be imported and secured m Ware-houses, ycf the 41 It Geo. III. cap. 05.

Rosin ----- the cwt.

Seed; viz. Hemp Seed -

-----Rape Seed - - the lafr, containing 10 quarters,

each quarter containing 8 budieis

Skins; viz.

----- Beaver Skins, undrelied - the (kin

• --- Calve Skins, in the Lair, not tanned, tawed, or

in any way drclled - - the dozen skins

Snuff - - . - - - . - the lb.

Spermaceti, fine - - - * - - the lb.

-----Oil. fee Oil.

Staves, fee Wood.

"lar, the lati of 12 barrels - - each barrel not exceeding 31- gallons Tobacco - the lb. imported by Subjects

• -----if imported by Strangers, or by any Law now

in force be subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty - - for every lb. weight

~ — for the conditions, regulations, and retiric-

tions, under which such Tobacco may he secured in Warehouses, without payment of the above Duties,/e’e the 37th George 3d, chapter 42.

Tobacco is alfnsubject to a Duty of Excise. Tonnage Duty on Ships entering Outwards or Inwards. Jec Table (No. 3.)

Drawback.

£■ d- £■ s. d.

O IO O , O 10 0

free.

Jrce.

CO c 0 O 8 0

O 3 6 O 3 0

free.

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 1 5 O 1 5

0 4 1 O 4 1

00 00 6 18 8 6

0 12 0 O 12 0

free.

'jrce.

31 10 o

2100

0160

12 l 5 0 9 5

0 2 2 free.

242

020

042 o 1,9 014

1. Schedule (B.)

31 10 o

2100

O 16 9

12 1 5

0 9 5

022

Turpentine, common -Whale Fins, or Whale Bone

- - the cwt.

- the ton, containing 20 cwt.

4

2 o

4

1 9

1 4:

11 0 0 12 O

0 S5v 0 O «-i° 1* 00

0 Go 0 0

Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks - the piece

Balks of all lorts under 8 inches square - the 120 Battens of all torts - - - - the 120

- - - Ends of all forts - - - the 120

Beech Plank, of all forts - - - the 120

Beech Quarters, of all forts, under 8 inches square -

Clap Boards; viz. 120

----- exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length,

and under 8 inches square

- - - - - under 5 feet 3 inches in length, and

under 8 inches lquure - - the 120 Bowsprits. fee Masts.

BoxWood - - - the ton, containing 20 cw t.

Deals and Deal Ends, of all forts - - - the 120

Ebony - - the ton, containing 20 cwt.

Eire Wood, the fathom, 6 feet wide and 6 leet high Eir Quarters, of all forts, under 8 inches square, the

120

Hand Spikes, under 7 feet in length - - the 120

----- - 7 feet in length or upwards - the 120

Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches square, the

120

----- 8 inches square or upwards - - the

* load containing 50 cubic feet - -

Lathwood, in pieces, of all forts - - the fathom

6 feet wide and 6 feet high Lignum Vita - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Mahogany - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Malts, f ards, or Bowsprits; viz.

-----Six inches in diameter, and under 8 inches,

the piece

- - - Eight inches in diameter, and under twelve

inches - the piece Twelve inches in diameter and upwards - - the

load of 50 cubic feet Oak Planks of all forts ' - the 120

Oars ----- the 120

Olive Wood - the ton, of 20 cwt.

Round Wood in pieces, of all forts, under 8 inches

square - - the *20

Span, of all forts, under six inches in dameter exclusive of the hark - - the 120 Speckled Wood - - — the ton of 20 cwt.

Spokes for w heels, of all forts - the T,oooo

Slaves, of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length,

the 120

- - - exceeding 50 inches in length - the 120

Sweet Wood - - - the ton, containing 20 cwt.

Timber; viz.

- - - - Oak Timber* being 8 inches square Or

upwards - the load ot 50 cubic feet

- - - - Timber* of all forts, not particularly enume-

rated or described, or olherwile charged with Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards - - the load of 50 cubic teet

- - - - Users, of all forts, under 8 inches square,

the 120

______Wainscot Ix)gs, being 8 inches square or upwards - the load of 50 cubic feet Yards; fee M alls.

Jaii

Duty. Drawback.

£■ s. d. £■ S. d.

O 2 11 O 2 li

120 0 0 120 0 0

O 0 f> O 0 ,6

0 10 0 0 10 0

O 5 0 O 5 0

O 2 6 0 2 6

O 3 0 O 3 0

O 10 0 0 10 0

0 7 6 O 7 6

0 5 0 O 5 0

0 19 3 O 19 3

0 5 0 O 5 0

0 12 9 0 12 ’ 9

0 0 6 O 0 6

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 1 4 O 1 4

0 2 8 O 2 8

0 5 0 6 5 0

0 3 4 0 3

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 6 8 0 6 S

0 13 0 0 13 a

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 4 0 0 4 0

0 H 0 a 14 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 12 0 0 12 0

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 *2 0 6 2 0

6 6 0 0 6 0

0 8 0 0 8 0

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 TO 0 0 10 a

0 3 4 a 3 4

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 8 0 0 8 0

0 3 4 0 3 4

864

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.:—continued.

Schedule (B.)

Dutj.

Drawback.

£- *• * £ *

Wood, unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being exempt from Duty - - *or

every£. ioo of the value 3 *2 ° 3 12 0

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatever, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in this Table, not prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence according to Law, shall and may be entered and landed, on payment of such Duties of Customs (and also of Excile, in cases where Duties of Ex-

1. Schedule (B.)

cife are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like denomination or description, upon their Importation into Ireland in Shipping of the United Kingdom, from any other Foreign Country; and in caies where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like denomination and description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in Shipping of the United Kingdom of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, from any Foreign Country, according to the Schedule, or Table, referred to in the Ad to which this Table is annexed, and also according to the conditions and regulations of the Act of the 41ft Geo. III. chap. 95.

i, SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture,

of Ireland, therein set forth.

1. Schedule (C.)

OUTWARDS

Alum ...... the cwt.

Allies of Wood - the lull, of 1 a barrels

----- of all other forts - - for every £. 100 of the value

Bacon - - - the flilcii

----- other, and Hams, for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Beef - - - the barrel

Bone6, Ox ...... the thousand

unmanufactured, for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Putter, good or bad Calves Skins -

-----— Valves -

Cards, Wool, new ----- old

the hundred weight for every £. 100 of the value, on o«tih for every £. loo of the value, on oath ----- the dozen

----- the dozen

Cheese ----- the hundred weight

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white - - the pound

Copperas - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Fur, called Rabbit's Fur, grey - the pound

Furrier's Waite - for every £. 100 of the value, ou oath Geldings or Nags, fee Horles.

Greaves or Grease - - - the hundred weight

Guts, Ox Guts ----- the barrel

----- of other Animals - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Hams, fee Bacon,

Hair; viz.

-----Harts Hair - the cwt. containing 112 lb.

— — Horie Hair - the cwt. containing 112 lb.'

—— Human Hair - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

—Kid's Hair - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

— -■ Ox or Cow's Hair - - the cwt. containing 112 lb.

-----Not enumerated - for every £. 10a of the value, on oath

Ilartlhom - - - the cwt. containing 112 lb.

Hearts and Skirts, fee Provisions.

Hempfeed - the quarter, containing 8 bushels

Hides, raw and untanned ----- the hide Hogs or Pigs - the piece, alive

— ---Lard ----- the cwt.

Horns; viz.

-----Bucks - the hundred, containing 6 feme

-----Goats Horns - - the cwt. containing 112 lb.

— -----Ox Horns - - the thousand, of 6 score to the hundred

----- Rams - - - the thousand, of 6 score to the hundred

-----Of Sheep - - the thousand, of 6 lcorc to the hundred

-----Stags 1 lorns - the thousand, of 6 score to the hundred

-----Tips of Horns, the thousand, of 6 score to the hundred

Horn Shavings - - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Nags - each

Hoofs of all forts - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Lead, cast or uncalt ----- the ton

-----Ore - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or drelVed - the cwt. Linen Rags, or Shreds - - the ton

Linleed or Flax Seed - the quarter, containing 8 bushels Litharge of Lead ----- the hundred weight Manure, fee Soap Boilers Waile.

Oxen, Caws,'or Steers ----- the head

OyIters in pickle ...... the small barrel

Pigs heads, fee Provisions.

*rk ...... the barrel

Provisions of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - - for every f. 100

of the value,'on oath

Rape feed - - - - the quarter, containing 8 bushels

Nkms; viz.

Badger Skins ... - _ - the piece

Calf, fee Calve Skins, in C.

* " ' tanned or drelled. fee Leather tanned.

" ~ ci * * * * 1116 hundred, of 5 score

____ 4\n» ’undressed " ' for every too of the value

I>u»v.

Fox Skins -Goat Skins, undressed Hare Skins, undressed Kid, dressed

the dozen the piece

for every £. ioo of the value for every £. ioo of the value the hundred, containing 6 score

0 0 0

0 1 8

5 0 0

0 0 1 j

5 0 0

0 1 0

0 0 4

5 0 0

0 1 6

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 8;

0 0 5 1

0 0 6 J

0 0 7 1

5 0 0 1

0 0 3

5 0 0 1

0 0 1 2 1

0 1 0

5 0 0

0 2 2

0 8 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 2 0

5 0 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 O 11

0 O 3

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 1 0

0 O 2

0 1 7

0 O 9

5 O 0

1 0 0

5 O 0

2 13 9

5 O 0

0 1 4

5 O 0

0 3 *0

0 0 3

0 10 0

0 0 1

0 1 6

5 0 0

0 0 <5

0 0 1

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 1

• 5 0 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

l. Schedule (C.)—Outwards.

Skins, conimuut.

----- Kips and Runners, for every £. too of the value, on oath

----- Lamb, dressed without the Wool, the hundred, containing

6 score

-----tanned, tawed, or dreffrd - the cwt

Note. No Lamb Skins, whether (link or slaughtered, from which the Wool shall not have been taken off, flia.ll be exported from this Kingdom to any Foreign Country, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereot.

----- Martin Skins - for every £. ioo of the value

----- Otter, raw - - - - . - the piece

-----— tawed ----- the piece

----- - - - wombs - - for every £. ioo of the value.

----- Rabbits and Conies, black, with or without Silver Hair,

dressed or tawed - - the hundred, containing 6 score

-----grey, lealoned - - the hundred,

containing 6 score

-----Stag - - the hundred, containing 6 score

----- - ----- tawed - - the hundred, containing 6 score

----- dressed, or tawed and dyed into

colours - the hundred of 6 score

----- Sheep, dressed without the Wool on - - - - the 120

----- - - - tanned, tawed, or dressed - - the hundred weight

— ----- - with the Wool on, the hundred, containing 6 score

----- - - - tawed with the Wool on, the hundred, containing

6 lcore

----- . Pelts, dressed or undressed - - - for every 120

----- Squirrel Skins ----- the thousand

----- Stag - - -the piece

— Swan Skins ----- the piece

----- not particularly enumerated or described, and not prohibited - - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Slugs of Horns - - - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath Soap Boilers Waste, and all other Manure, except Lime, the ton Tallow ----- the cwt. containing 112 lb. Tanners Waste - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath Tongues, called Neats Tongues - the dozen

Tonnage Duties, fee Schedule (D.)

Tripes - for every £. 100 of the value, on oath

Wax, unmanufactured - - the cwt. containing 112 lb.

Weld - - - - the cwt containing 112 lb.

Wo ad - - the ton of 20 cwt.

—— Nets - - the hundred, containing 5 score

Yarn. For every pack of statutable Linen Yarn - containing

4 cwt. at 6 score lbs. to the cwt. And, further, the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, hereinbefore enumerated, as well all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not particularly described or charged with Duty, except Bullion, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported to the Ifie of Man, which may legally be exported to the said Island. Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, Corn or Grain, Refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly relined; and all refined Sugar called Baltard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Mo-lalies, which shall be made from Sugar of the British Plantations, except exported to any part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights ot Gibraltar - - for every £. 100 of the value thereof,

on oath

—-----on Exportation of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, nor

within the limits of the Charter granted to the United

Company of Merchants in England trading to the East Indies, except Bullion, Cotton Yarn, Corn or Grain, Refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump Sugar duly refined; and all reiined Sugar called Ballard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and relined Loat Sugar broke in pieces, and all Sujar called Candy, and Mo-lafies, which shall be made irom Sugar of the Plantations - - for every £. 100 of the value thercot

Duly.

030 O 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

500

01 4

010

006

0 0 Jl

010

030

0 1 4

1 0 0

016 0 1 6

0 2 f)

006 004

5 0

o 4 p

0 1 3 010 0

006

1 0 0

0 10 9

0 0

43 Gfco. III.

Appendix.

865

1. SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon Ships, or Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland from any Country whatsoever, over and tbove all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof; and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fets payable for the fame.

Upon every ton of every Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom (except Coasters, and except Coal Ships , trading to the Port of Dublin - - * -

Upon.every Entry Inwards and Outwards made in the Port of Dublin (except Pod Entries of Coals) -

Duty.

O O <1

o 2 6

t. SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE Of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, therein hientiohecl* and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark for Tanners use.

Outwards.

Duty.

Outwards.

AH Manufactures of Buckram, Filleting, and Linen, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, damped, or dyed, and all printed, painted, flamed, or dyed Calicoes or Cotton, or Cottons mixed with Linen, of the like breadth:

For every yard thereof under the value of 5 d. which shall be exported from this Kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or Minorca -

For evely yard thereof of the value of 5 d. and under the value of 6£ d. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid -

For every yard thereof of the value of 6hd. and not exceeding !$. 7Jr/, in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity. The value of all such Linens, Calicoes, and Cottons, of printed, jldnted, ltaine^, l'tamped, or dyed, or of such Cottons mixed with Linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the Bounties aforesaid, to be deemed their value when in a plain Aate, and exclusive of such printing, painting, Gaining, (lamping, or dying.

Note.—Kentings, and all Fabricks made of Linen or Hemp Yarn only, to be deemed and considered as Linen.

£■ *■ d.

0 O OiJ

001 OOl}

AD. Manufactures of Linen, chequed or striped with any other material than Linen Yarn, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, and of the value of 7 d. the yard, and not exceeding 1#. 7 Jd. in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid - - - - for every yard thereof

And in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Where any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the breadth of 25 inches, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches Oqual to one yard of 25 inches breadth, or upwards.

o 00)

Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported under certain Regulations:

Ribbons and Stuffs made of Silk only - for every pound

weight avoirdupois Silks and Ribbons made of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, for every pound weight avoirdupois Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes and Laces, and Stitching or Sewing Silk - for every pound weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of Silk and Grogram Yarn mixed - for every

pound weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of Silk and Worsted mixed - for every pound

weight avoirdupois Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton - the pound weight

Sugar refined in Ireland, and exported to any Foreign Country: For every hundred weight of Sugar, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, refined in this Kingdom, and exported to any Foreign Country -Such Sugars to be exported in the loaves complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was last in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the stove.

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, of refined Sugar called Bastard, and of all ground, powdered refined Sugar, and all refined Loaf Sugar broken in pieces, the said Sugars having been twice clayed, and properly dried -

For every hundred weight of refined Sugar called Candy, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt and feum Refined Sugar called Lump, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried, although wanting the small ends or tips, shall be deemed complete.

Duty.

& *■ d.

0 3 0

0 + 0

0 1 3

O O 8

0 0 6

0 1 0

1 17 9i

1 1 8

1 1 8

All Manufactures of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, or Linens, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. 7\d. the square yard, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid * for every square yard thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

All Manufactures of Sail Cloth, or Canvas, fit for, or made into Sails, which shall be exported - - for every three ells thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

o

006}

Books unbound,'if printed on British or Foreign Pap£r - for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois | o o 1

Inwards.

For and upon every barrel of Bark or Hemlock, which shall be imported into this Kingdom from any Foreign Country in Europe - - | o 4 o

For and upon every barrel of Bark or Hemlock, which shall be imported into this Kingdom from America - - - | o 5 o

2. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes payable in Ireland (except the Duty of Six Shillings and Sixpence per Barrel on Malt made in Ireland) and the several and respective Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid or allowed in respect thereof, do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties following, be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SC Ii E D U L E of I XLAND DUTI E S of Excise and Taxes for, upon, and in respect of the several Articles therein mentioned.

Schedule (F.)

Duty.

Auctions.

For and upon every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, anting or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland, any Interest in Possession, or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold, of any Lands, Tenements, Houses, ot Hereditaments, und of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils of Husbandry and Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels, or of any Plate or Jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Fador, or Seller by Commission - -

l ot and upon every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, arising or payable by virtue x>f any Sale at Auction in this Kingdom, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses and Carriages, und all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever,. not exempted by Law, and so in proportion for any greater or less lum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Fador, or Seller by Commission -

o

-*•

s.

o

0

d.

3

6

VOL. 58.

Schedule (F.)

1 Duty.

Cards and Dice.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -

For and upon every Pair of Dice, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland

£. s. d.

o 5

o 10 ©

Coaches and Chaises.

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calalh, or Chaise, wfith four wheels (not exempt by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1803, and such Person not having at the same time more thpn one such Carriage in his or her possessio*, the yearly sum of

tA T

6 16 6

Appe1

(No.

3*a2

J c ontx

866

Appendix.

A> 1803;

e

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—

Schedule (F.)

Coaches and Chaifes—continued.

Duty.

£■ «• d.

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calalh, or Chaise, with four wheels (not exempt determined by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1803, and if such Person shall at the same time have more than one such Carriage in his or her possession, the yearly sum of - - - " ’

For and upon every Chaise with two wheels (not exempt by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her poi-session at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1803, the yearly sum of

Coffee.

For and upon every pound weight of Coffee, which shall be consumed in Ireland, to be paid by the Person or Persons buying the fame from the Importer thereof -

Fire Hearths.

For and out of every Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland, in the whole of which there shall be two or more Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1803, the several and respective yearly Rates and Taxes following; that is to say:

Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole two Fire Hearths, or other places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole three Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole four Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of -Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole five Fire Hearths, or other places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of -Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole fix Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of -Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole seven Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the fuin of

Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole eight Fire Healths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves, the sum of

Out of every such House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole nine or more Fire Hearths, or other places used for Firing, or Stoves - for every Hearth, Firing-place, or Stove, the sum of

Glass Bottles.

For and upon every Glass Bottle, which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, of common Bottle Metal (the fame not being Phials) for every quart such Bottle shall be reputed to contain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being less than one pint, to be paid by the Makers thereof, which Duty shall be drawn back on exportation -

Leather.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and pieces of Hides and Skins, herein after mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say:

For and upon every such Ilidc and Skin, or piece of any such Hide and Skin, of what kind or denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described - for •very pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and after such rate for

any greater or less quantity For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, or Geldings - for every Hide

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs for every dozen Skins thereof, and after the fame rate

for any greater or less number For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like purposes, and all Seal Skins - for every dozen thereof, and after the lame rate for any greater or less number For and upon all other Skins for Bookbinders ule - for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or ‘ . lets number

ror and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shumac, or other-wufe, to referable Spanish Leather, and all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the nature of Spanish Leather - for every r pound weight avoirdupois thereof

l-or and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned for Uloves and liafils - - lor every pound Weight avoirdupois ereot, and proportionally for any greater or less quantity ei -°r T U rn a^ Hides and Skins, and pieces of Hides and ,[eiaafter mentioned, which shall be dressed in Oil in

H *ve/alf re*pe&ive Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to say:

HidiTa^nd SkirT of^ lIldc and Skin> and Picre of such ^ther thunVurh na L n.lit,r® or denomination whatsoever, *ther than such as herein after mentioned and described -

every pound weight avoirdupois thereof

9

o o

4

8 1}

o 11

a\

Schedule (F.)

o 15

19 6

4

8 2

6 8 8

o!

OO 1

0 1 o 050 026 010

001

o o 0$

0 0 2

Leather—continued.

For and upon all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof For and upon all Calf Skins - - for every pound weight

avoirdupois thereof For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins - for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof And proportionably for any greater or less quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

Licences.

For and uJ)on every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to manufacture Tobacco in any manner, or to deal* ill unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a W holelale Importer only, or a Wholesale Merchant only

And a further Duty o('£. 4 for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding one Table, and not exceeding four Tables, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licenced to keep.

For and upon every Licence to any person to deal in unmanu-fadured Tobacco, as a Wholesale Merchant, not being the Importer thereof ——

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee, in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, except Importers thereof, or Persons liccnled to fell Tea or Groceries

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, hr otherwise deal in Coffee,- in any part in Ireland* not being a City or Town Corporate, except as aforesaid -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to fell or manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale t

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every ten gallons which such Sail or Stills is or are capable of containing - -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper ——

For and upon every L c .’nee to any Person in Ireland, to brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines - For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Metheglin, or Mead, for Sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Vinegar for Sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the circular Road surrounding the fame, or in the Cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis’s Abbey, or in the Cities of Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the Towns of Galway, Drogheda, Belfaff, Newrv, Dundalk, Clonmel, Sligo, Wexford, or Carlow, or within two Miles of the Market House, or principal Market Place, or Town House, of the said Cities or Towns

For and upon every Licence to any Person in any other part of Ireland, to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to fell, or make any Gold or Silver Plate for Sale -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard, or Tan Pit, or tan Leather for Sale

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, todress Hides and Skins in Oil - -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Vellum and Parchment - - - - , - "

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in the City of Dublin, or within the circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis - - - - . -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, beyond the said circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phcrnix, not more than two Miles difiant therefrom -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by retail, in every other place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than five Miles therefrom -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the saidyCity -

And within the rest of the County of the said City - For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, within the City of Watertord, and all places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis’s Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, within the Cities of Armagbr Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Beliaft Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, Clonmel, Sligo, Wexford, or Carlow ——

Diity.

003 0 0 2 ° 0 0$

12 0 a

5 0#

1 9

0 10 a

1 0 0

500

5 <► 10 0 o 10 0 <►. 1.0 0 9

IQL 0 •.

3OO 2 0 0 1 0 0

1 0 0 1 O 0

1 0 o

30 0 0

20 0

15 0 0

30 0 0 20 0 0

30 0 o

20 0 0

30 0 0

20 0

15

0

t L:*c

For 5p:ntc To’* ns ii'iun iUkti for

hn

«V PJi

to:(

fori

k:M

rif, rH b. ui

Fit 1

k:,i

determined by-

i:r’;cp

For a kr: a

c; tiLrr For ai

in 1

fora 0

ri.-n ir For 5! h or y t» Otie

k Ciiu 0!

Ci-rmel,

nn

too. H or!

For an

Mu For an

he For an'

rh ;li

ir an hv ,)l For ai,

noi

for n For u*

G,

U-tby

*rl>:

n

‘0 'iVII't

-•V;

hr;:

n.n

ni

Ut,

n

ft:,1

n

';*r,

'■"fro

U Ji

43 Geo. lit*

Appendix

867

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—continued.

Schedule (F.)

licences—continued.

Foraad upon every Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, within all other Cities, Corporate Towns, Market Towns, where Markets are usually held, and within one Mile of the Town House, Market House, or principal Market Place -

For and upon cveiy Licence to any Person to fell any kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in any other part of Ireland than those parts before described -

For and upon every Licence to any Persons to fell Spirits in any Place in Ireland, in quantities not lei’s than two gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such Place on a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

.For and upon every Licence to any Faflor or other Person in Ireland, felling Home-made Spirits on Commission, or otherwise, not being a licensed Difuller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being olherwiie licensed to fell Spirits -

For and upon every Licence to any Fatfor or Person in Ireland, felling Foreign Spirits on Commission, or otherwise, not bring a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being other-wile licensed to fell Spirits, nor being the Importer of Foreign Spirits -

l or and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, not being a Maltner or Maker ot Malt, felling Malt on Coinnnliion, or olherwiie ——

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to keep a Malt House, and make Malt lor Sale, lor each and every Cistern or Kiln in each and e\ery Malt House in his or her pof-Ceiiion in which such bulineis ILdll be carried on -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in the City of Dublin, or within the circular Road lurrounding the fame, or in the Cities of Cork or W aterford, or in the City of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis’s Abbey, or in the Cities of Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the Towns of Galway, Drogheda, BeUa.lt, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmel, Sligo, Wexfoid, and Carlow, or within two Miles of the Market Heule, or principal Market Place, or Town House, of the said Cities or Towns, to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Lrewhouse tiled by such Person -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in any other part of Ireland, to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Brewhouse uied by such Person -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to keep any Coffee House -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Auction within the Difrid of the Metropolis, or within fix Miles of the Cable of Dublin -

For and upon every* Licence to any Person to fell by Auction In any other part of Ireland -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to tiuike Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils, made of common Bottle Metal -

For and upon every Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, going from Place, to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with horse, or other Bcaff of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or expoting to Sale, any Goods, W ares, or Merchandizes; also to travelling Tinkers, and (’alters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And a further Duty for every horse, or other Bead bearing or drawing burthen, which such Person ftuill to travel with, or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their Goods, W arcs, or Merchandizes -

Metiieglix, or Mead.

l or and upon every gallon of Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for Sale, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof ——

Paper Manufacture.

For and upon the fovenil hu ts of Paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in Ireland, the lcverai and rclprfrive Duties following, to be paid by the Makers of such Papers re-lp pc lively:

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any of them, and of all Elephant Paper, and all Cartridge Paper For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured Papers, and Whited-brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers, fit or proper for the use or purposes of wrap-ping-up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used *or, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any of them -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uies or purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or any of them, and of all Button Paper, or Button Board - For every pound weight avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper, °* capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes Paper Hangings, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois

Duty.

£• '• d-

10 0 o

6 o o

20 O O

20 O O

20 O O

15 o o

30 o o

10 o o 2 0 0

10 o o 2 0 0

100

2 0 0

2 0 0

004

Schedule (F.)

O O 2‘

OOl

O O ol

OOl

Paper Manufacture—continued.

For every one hundred weight of Paste Board, Mill Board, and Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the name of Shearing or Sheathing Paper -

And lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pletters -

And lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of Paper, not hereinbefore enumerated or described -

Paper Hangings.

For and upon every square yard of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or ltained, in Ireland, to serve for Hangings, or other ules, and so in proportion for any greater quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof -

Plate, wrought.

For and upon every ounce Troy weight of Gold or Silver Plate which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured, in Ireland And so in proportion lor any greater or less weight.

Male Servants.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland, at any time in each and every year, from the 25th day of March 1803, the Yearly Sums, Duties, or Taxes, following; that is to say,

For one Male Servant -

For two Male Servant?, each -

For any number of Male Servants exceeding two, and not exceeding four, each -

For any number of Male Servants exceeding four, and not exceeding seven, each -

For eight Male Servants, each - For nme Male Servants, each -

For ten Male Servants, each - * -

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities; that is to say, Maitre d HA tel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confetlioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footmav, Coachman, Groom, Poltillion, Gardener (not being a Day Labourer) Park-keeper, Game-keeper,’ Huntsman or Whipper-in, or by whatever name or names Male Servants really acting in any of the said capacities shall be called, or whether such Male Servants shall have been, or shall be, retained or employed, in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other bufuiefs jointly with one or more of the fame.

Spirits.

For and upon every gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, irom Malt or irom Corn, malted or unmalted, to be paid by the lirft Maker or Distiller

thereof - ■* - - - * ~ "

For and upon every gallon of Spirits, made or distilled from MolalTes, in Ireland, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof - - - * " * "

Sweets or Made Wines. D

For and upon every barrel, containing 32 gallons, of all Liquor for Sale made in Ireland by infulion, fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, called Sweets or Made Wines, and alter the fame Rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the respective Makers thereof -

Tobacco.

For and upon every pound weight of Tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to he paid by the Person manufacturing the lame, or taking any part thereof out of the original Package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such Package, at the time when the lame (null he opened - - " ~ "

Vellum and Parchment.

For and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall at any time or times be made in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to lay,

For and upon even' dozen skins of Vellum "

For and upon every dozen skins of Parchment - * "

And pr&portionably for any greater or less quantity of luen Velluin and Parchment, to be paid by the Maker.

Vinegar.

For and upon every barrel, containing 32 gallons, of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for Sale, , and after the fame Rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the Maker

____1 , C^r\r\Cs\f>

Duty.

£■ *• d.

o 10 o 050 0 0 2)

OOl

o o 9

1 2 g

1 14 lj

256

2 16 loj 300

383

3 10 o

o 3 0;

1

o 37

a

005

0 0 6

003

03*

868

Appendix.

A. 1803.

IS

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland—continued.

Schedule (F.)

Duty.

O

o

o

o

o

0

1 1 1 1 2 2 3 3

3

4

4

5 5

5

6 6 6 6

Window Lights.

Upon and out of every Dwelling House or Tenement in Ireland, inhabited or to be inhabited at any time in each and every Year from the 25th day of March 1803, the respective yearly Rates and Duties following, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in such Houses or Tenements respectively.

Number of Window according to which the Dwelling House is to be charged yearly.

Every Dwelling House having five Windows or Lights - - -Every Dwelling House having fix Windows or Lights - - -Every Dwelling House having seven Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having eight Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having nine Windows or Lights - - -Every Dwelling House having ten Windows or Lights - - -Every Dwelling House having eleven Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having twelve Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having thirteen Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having fourteen Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having fifteen Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having sixteen Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having seventeen Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having eighteen Windows or Lights

Every Dwelling House having nineteen Windows or Lights •

Every Dwelling House having twenty Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having twenty-one Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-two Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-three Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-four Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-five Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-six Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-seven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-eight Window's or Lights Every Dwelling House having twenty-nine Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having thirty Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having thirty-one Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having thirty-two Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having thirty-three Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having thirty-four Windows or Light9 -Every Dwelling House having thirty-live Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having thirty-six Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having thirty-seven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having thirty-eight Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having thirty-nine Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having forty-one Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-two Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-three Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-four Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-five Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-six Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having forty-seven Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having forty-eight Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having ferty-nine Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having fifty Windows or Lights - - -Every Dwelling House having fifty-one Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having fifty-two Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having fifty-three Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having fifty-four Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having fifty-five Windows or Lights — Every Dwelling House having fifty-iix Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having fifty-seven Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having fifty-eight Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having fifty-nine Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty Windows or Lights. - -Every Dwelling House having sixty-one Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having sixty-two Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty-three Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty>four Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty-five Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty-six Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having sixty-seven Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty-eight Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having sixty-nine Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having seventy Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having seventy-one Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-two Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-three Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-four Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-five Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-six Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-leven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-eight Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having seventy-nine Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having eighty-one Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-two Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-three Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-four Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-five Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-six Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having eighty-seven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having eighty-eight Windows or Lights

£• *• d-

4

6

8 11 15

18

7

13

19 6

13 o

7

14

3

12 o

9

18

8

II

13 15 17

8

10 $ 6 8

11 2

5

8

7J

7

«4

7

74

8 84

9

5

Schedule (I\)

" Duty.

19

20

14 it

7 n 10 1

6

7

7

7

7

7

8 8 8 8 8 9 9

9 9

9

10

10 10 10

10

11 11 11

11

12 12 12

12

13 13

13

13

H

9

5

l

II

3

5

7

5

7

9

II 1

11

1

10 12

14

17

7

10

12

14

16

9

11

13

16

18

11

13

L5

17 >9

12

15

17

19

1

H

16

18

1

3

16 18

o

2

4

17 o 2

H

H

l5

15 5 5

5

6 6

16

16

'7

7

17

17

*7

18 18

t8

18

18 9

19 19 19

3

5

7

7

9

11

1

3

3

5

7

9

11

ii

I 3 5 7 7 9

II

I 3 3 5 7 9 ii

II

3

5

7

7

9

II 1

6

19

1

3

6

8

1

3 5 7 9

2

5

7 9 11

4

6

8 II

Every Dwelling House having eighty-nine Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety Windows or Lights - -Every Dwelling House having ninety-one Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having ninety-two Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-three Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-four Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-five Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-six Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having ninety-seven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-eight Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having ninety-nine Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and one Windows or Lights - k -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and two Windows or Lights

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and three Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and four Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and five Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and six Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seven Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and eight Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and nine Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and ten Windows or

- Lights - ...... ’

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and eleven Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twelve Windows

or Lights ......

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and thirteen Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fourteen Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifteen Windows

or Lights ......

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixteen Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventeen Windows or Lights - - - I 25 16

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and eighteen Windows or Lights - -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and nineteen Windows or Lights ......

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty Windows or Lights - - - - 1

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-one Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-two Windows or Lights - - ......

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-three

Windows or Lights ......

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and* twenty-four Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-five Windows or Lights - - - - * - -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-six Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-seven Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-eight Window's or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and twenty-nine Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having, one hundred and thirty Windows or Lights ......

having one hundred and thirty-one

21 12 3

21 14 5

21 1(5. 7

22 19 4

23 1 6

*3 3 8

3 5 10.

23 8 0

2

as >a 4

j if 6

13 16 r

23 18 12

25 1

1 25 3 9

25 5 a

25 8 1

25 10 s

25 12 5 *5 H 7

25 18 H

- I 26 1 1

5

7

9

11

11

I 3 5 7 7 9

II

Every Dwelling House Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and thirty-two Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling House having one hundred and Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and thirty-seven Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and thirty-eight Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and thirty-nine Windows or Lights - - -•

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty Windows or Lights - . - - 7

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-one Windows or Lights

thirty-three thirty-four thirty-five thirty-six

Ever

hi

Ev.n

Hi

E\en

h

Even

\\:

e

Vu

Evp;

Uli

!*.’<

Y.ii

£vr-p;

1Y«

ETtT

or i Evrv Wir Iv-v

nil!

IVfY

lb Ev?:y

v.;,:

hr,

U

F.vfrv

Win.

Every

lb

Every

Ibi

arrv

hA Et*;v Or Ll

fey

Wind

E’.by

’be

IB

kuj'i

ttii re

27 3ia

27 6 Fore

17 8 i

£7 10 4

27 12

1714 * h,

As;

27 16 10 Ay, •L’v

27 10 6 k\ Arv

28 1 * ■\l\

At V

28 3 4

b;,

29 6 1

2910 5 '■* c;

29 12 7

' b:Jr

29 14 bn

bi

29 16 It it

29 19 * H' tji

or

30 1 J hi

30 3 i to

fe

30 5 7

bvt

31 * + A.V

th u

31 10 6

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

869

Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in

Schedule (F.)

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-two Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling lloulb having one hundred and forty-three Windows or ieights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-four Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-five Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-six

Windows or Lights -

Eveiry Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-seven Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and forty-eight Windows or Lights - -

Ever>7 Dwelling House having one hundred and forty-nine Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling Jloul'e having one hundred and fifty Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-one

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-two

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and fifty-three Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-four

Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-five

Window's or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-six Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and fifty-seven

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and tiltv-eight

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and fifty-nine

Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty Windows or Lights ——

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-one

Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and Gxty-two

Windows or Lights -

Duty.

£• 1. d.

31 12 8

31 H 10

31 J7 0

31 19 2

3* 1 4

3* 3 6

3*2 5 8

32 7 10

33 10 7

33 12 9

33 H 11

33 17 1

33 19 3

34 1 5

34 3 7

34 5 9

34 7 11

34 10 1

35 12 10

35 15 0

35 17 2

Schedule (F.)

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-three Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-four Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-five Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-six Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and sixty-seven Windows or Lights - -

Every Dwelling house having one . hundred and sixty-eight Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and sixty-nine Windows or Lights -Every Dwelling house having one hundred and seventy Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventy-one Windows or Lights - ‘ -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventy-two Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and seventy-three \\ indows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and seventy-four Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and l’eventy-five Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and seventy-six Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventy-seven Windows or Lights Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventy-eight Windows or Lights -

Every Dwelling House having one hundred and seventy-nine Windows or Lights r

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and eighty Windows or Lights - -

Every Dwelling house having one hundred and eighty-one Window's or Lights, and upwards, additional for each Window’ or Light ——

' Duty.

s. d.

35 I# 4

3*> 1 6

3<3 3 8

3^ 5 10

36 8 0

36 10 a

36 w 4

37 15 1

37 17 3

37 19 5

38 1 7

38 3 9

38 5 11

38 8 1

38 10 3

38 12 5

38 i+ r

39 17 4

0 3 2

3. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the stamping and marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon in Ireland, doceafcand determine; and that the several and respective Duties following be paid in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to be paid in the Current Money of Ireland on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the Articles therein let lorth.

3. SC HE DULE (A.)

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following

Articles, or any Part thereof, the ref petti ve Duties following; viz.

ARTICLES.

Any Patent for an Archhifimpiick -Any Patent lor a Dukedom

Any Patent for a Marquiliile -

• Any Patent for an Earldom -

Any Patent for a Viirount -

Any Patent for a Bill inprick -

Any Patent for a Barony -

Any Patent for a Baronetage ——

Any Grant, or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Digniiv. Promotion, l rauchile. Liberty, or Privilege, to any Personor Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Exemplification of the lame, not hereby otherwise charged (Comm ill ions of Rebellion in Process always exempted) -Any Presentation or Donation which shall puts the (Beat Seal of Ireland, or upon which any Collation shall be made by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Pralentation or Donation lo be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Bemune, Dig-n|tv, or Spiritual or Kceiefu.lncal Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly value of One Hundred Pounds -And a further Duty upon every such Preiontation 01 Donation, at the rate of l ive Pounds for every One lhmriieu-Pounds exceeding the first Om* Hundred Pounds a year. The value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese. Pro-, ided always, that two or more Benefices, Episcopaliy united, ifiail be deemed to be one Benefice only.

Any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Ditpeu-fation or Faculty from the I,ord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the time being -Any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefrtfrs, of any sum of Money exceeding Fifty Pounds, and not exceeding One Hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland , .......

Vol, c8. '

Dmv.

£. s.

IOO

200

200

200

150

50

IOO

50

20

*5

468

A R T I C L E S.

Any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any sum of Money exceeding One Hundred Pounds, and not exceeding Two Hundred Pounds, which shall pals the Great Seal of Ireland -

And a further Duty of Five Pounds on every such Grant for every One 1 iundred Pounds exceeding Two Hundred Pounds. Any Grant of any Annuity, pension, Office, or Employment, which shall be of the value of Two Hundred Pounds per annum And a further Duty of Five Pounds upon every such Grant for every One Hundred Pounds per Annum exceeding Two Hundred Pounds per Annum: Provided no Duty shall be charged upon more than one skin or piece of Vellum or Parchment on which such lait-mentioned Grant may be ingrossed, printed, or written.

Any Grant of an Efch^atorship -Any Admission of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Clerk, Advocate, Probtor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever, except such Officer be an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whole Office is under the value of Ten Pounds a year in Salary, Fees, and other Perquisites; or any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty, or Prerogative Court, or any Arch i episcopal Court -Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King’s Inns Any Admission of any Barritler into the Inns of Court -Any Pardon (except the Pardons passed in forma Pauperis) of or for any Crime or Ostence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or any Warrant or Reprieve, Relaxation from any Fines, corporal Punishment, or any other Forfeitures

Any Grant of any Land in Fee Lease lor Years, or other Grant or Profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pals the Great Seal of the Exchequer (Custodiam Leases excepted)

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to an Attorney, upon each part of such Indentures - - T-

And a further Duty on each of the said lndentu(e^(])0 k

Duty.

£. #. d.

20

20

20 o

10

20

20

o

o

Q

6 8

3 5

o

o

870

Appendix.

A. 1803.

in

ij

idix,

29.)

artii3

lucd.

Schedules of the Duties paid in the Current Money of Ireland on V ellum or Parchment—continued.

3. Schedule (A.)

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Public, upon each part of Inch Indentures -

Any Admission of an Attorney or Proctor into any Court, to be paid upon every Admission into any Court in which he Until be admitted an Attorney or Proctor - . - -

Any Admission of a Solicitor into the Court of Chancery -Any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Public - -Any Commission for taking Affidavits thatihallbe ifi'ucd from any Court

Any Exemplification, of what nature soever, that shall pate the Seal of any Court not hereby otherwise charged

Any Institution that shall pals the Seal of any Archbishop, Riihop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary or Ecclesiastical Court; provided that an Institution to two or more Renriices, Epilro-pally united, shall be •oniidered as an institution to a tingle l&netice - . _ -

Any Writ ol Covenant for lowing a Fine -

Arty Writ ot Entry for iutlering a Common Recovery -Any Writ of Error, Certiorari, or Appeal (except to the Delegates) - ...... -

Any Army Lid, except such as shall be publitbed with the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or General Governor of Ireland for the time being

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grunts, or Offices, Release, or other Deeds wliattoevor, winch shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, except Assignments of Judgments

Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal -

Any Sentence that shall be given in the Court of Admiralty, or any Attachment (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen’s Wages) that shall be made out of the said Court of Admiralty, or any relaxation of any such Attachment Arty Commission llfued out of any Ecclesiastical Court not hereinbefore particularly charged -

Any Warrrant, Monition, or Personal Decree in the Court of Admiralty (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen’s Wages) -Any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration lor any Ktcate above the value of Thiriy Pounds, and not of the value of One 1 luudicd Pounds -

It of the value of One Hundred Pounds, and not of the value of Three Hundred Pounds -

It of the value of ’three Hundred Pounds, and not of the value of Six Hundred Pounds -

If of the value of Six Hundred Pounds, and not of the value of One Thousand Pounds -

It' of the value of One Thousand Pounds, and not of the value of 'Two Thousand Pounds -

If of the value of Two Thou hind Pounds, and not of the value of Five Thousand Pounds -

Ifof the value of Five Thousand Pounds, and not of the value of Ten Thousand Pounds -

And if of the value of Ten Thousand Pounds

Except always the Probate of any "Will, or Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels and Effects of any common Seaman or Soldier who shall be ilain or die in His Majesty’s Service.

Any Copy of any Will attrftod by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court -

Any Receipt or other DilVharge for any Legacy left determined by any Wiil or other Testainontary Instrument, or lor any Shaie or Part ol a Personal Elrato divided by Force of the Statute of Distribu-tions, the Amount whereof shall he of the value of Ten Pounds, and not of the value of Twenty Pounds ‘except i’uch Legacies as shall he left to the Wife, Children, or Grand Children of the Person making such Will or Testanvmtary Intirumciit, or shall be divided among them by Force of the said Statute) -

W here the Amount thereof shall be of the value of 'Twenty Pounds, and not amounting to Fifty Poun-.h, except us aforesaid Where the Amount thereof shall be of the value of Fifty Pound.-, and not amounting to One Hundred Pounds, except as ato lTluid -

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the value of One Hundred Pounds, and not amounting to 'Three Hundred Pounds, except as afo relaid -

Where the Amount thereof Hiatt he of the value of Three Hundred Pounds, and not amounting to Five Hundred Pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the Amount thereof shall he of the value of Five Hundred Pounds, and not amounting to One Thousand Pound; except as aforesaid -

Where the Amount thereof shall he of the value of One Thousand Pounds, and not amounting to 'Two Thousand Pounds, except as aforesaid

And a turther Duty of Twenty Pounds for every One I housand Pounds exceeding the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, except as afor^faiu.

Any Re«-ogm/.iincc conditioned for the Payment of Money, ..r Performance of Covenant or Agreement, Statute Staple, or Matulc Merchant, or Entry of Record in any Court or Office, except Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Dif-, iMi*, rtiade or nrono-ir.c- d by any Assistant Barrister in their rvip* ct; >c ( or by the Recorder of the City of

r-Vm - - ...... '

d.

5 0 0

3 0 0

3 0 0

1 *2 9

1 3 0

0 15 0

o 10

o 10

O 1-2

O 10 7 7

o 10

3

4 6 8

10

o o

3. Schedule (A.)

050

15

o o

4 o

lo o

20 O O

5 O

Any Record of Nisi Prius, or Poftca -Any Cultodium under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action -

Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative - -

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, not otherwise charged (except Indentures of Apprenticdhip where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or, if any be given, where Inch Apprentice Fee ilia.ll not exceed the Sum ot Ten Pounds, and also except Indentures for binding Apprentice poor Parish Children, or other Children supported by Public Charities or Voluntary Contributions) -

Any Charter Party, Passport, or any Protelt, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney hereby otherwise charged) or any other Notarial Ad -

Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents ——

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to execute Leases ——

Any Admission into any Corporation or Company Any Decree or Dismissal made by, or in the Court oi Chancery -

Any Decree or Diiinilfal made by, or in the Court oi Exchequer -

Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any Court

whatsoever ......

Any Common Rail to be tiled in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance tlmt shall be made on such Bail -

Anv Ailidavit (except inch Affidavits as shall be taken before ic Officers of His Majehy’s Culhmis or Excite; Atlidavits relative to Criminal Protections, to Road Presentments, or accounting for the Public Money; Atlidavits made for the purpose ot regiUering Freeholds, and all Affidavits to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magi It rate of any Corporation acting as a Jubiee of the Peace; and Affidavits to be taken by a Magistrate acting in any Court of Conscience, or of luminary Junlbiction, or before any Judge ot Aihze, or Coin-million of Over and Terminer relative to Pioiecutions or Trials on indictments, or to Civil Bills, or that ilia'll be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for the Public Money; and except Affidavits made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Corn Premiums, or before the Trustees of any 'Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations, by this Act directed to be made, before one or more of the Commissioners for managing Stamp Duties, or before a Commissioner lor taking Affidavits with respect to the regulations or management of this Act) -Any Copy of such Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatsoever - - * "

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ ol Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias t^uo Minus, Writ of Dednnus Poteltatem, to take i Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other I W'rit whatsoever; or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out of, or puis the Seal of, any of the Courts in Dublin, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plear where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value - - - - >

Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or Sheriff s Courts in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts whatsoever, out ot which no Writ, Proceis, or Mandate issued, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above - - - - "

Any Rule or Order (except in causes prosecuted upon Indictments or Prefen tments) made or given in any of the Courts in Dublin, either Courts of Law or Equity, which shall be taken out Any Copy of such Rules or Orders (except in Cautes proie-cuted upon Indictments or Prefeutmenis) or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the said Courts in Dubliu, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any Citation or Monition, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, Demolition, Answer, Sentence, or Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any Copies of them respectively (except in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen’s Wages) -

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit at Law, or in E.quity, and to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confess Judgment thereon -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not amounting

to One Hundred Pounds ......

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to One Hundred Pounds, and not amounting to Two Hundred Pounds

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to Two Hundred Pounds, and not amounting to Five Hundred Pounds,

d.

o

5

2 5 0

050

129

016

040

010

0 1

0 1

0 0

0 1

1 0

0 1 0

1 0

1 0

2 0

0 5

o' iu

Ti* t. :>•

b"

im* ib 1

Fl^!

U'i

.if.-

f.-cT

jrv

rk'i >> Ai.;-

>: I;» h,:r,

Ai'v

i-j

?:k: A

; j! ii"-

s■’ i j: k,r Kb! ■; r; r'l

ej..dl

■'.[] V

Cl y:r

hi I l ..

it;.:

.ton A:y t

‘Fv:

Ar.v' "-'Un

1 ki

,k|

lw,

h t

Vv; -

•if:, f

k: 1

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

871

Schedules or Duties paid in the Current Money of Ireland on Vellum or Parchment—continued*

3. Schedule (A.)

Any Contrail, Rond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to Five liundied Pounds, and not amounting to One 1 houland Pounds Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Inurnment, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to One Thousand Pounds, and not amounting to Two Thouiund Pounds - -

Any Contract, I*oud, or oilier Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Snug amounting to Two Thousand Pounds, and nut amounting to l-'i\c Thouiund Pounds -

Any Contract, Rond, or other Obligatory Inffiument, conditioned for the Pa. ment of any pjiucinal Sum, amounting to Five Thousand Pounds or upwards - - - - w -

Anv Rond on the Exportation of Goods or Merchandize entitled to Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance of Duties Anv other lh>nd not herein before charged -Any Judgment, under One llir.uhvd Pounds, which shall be signed by the Maher oi any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothouota.rv, or his Secondary', Deputy, or Clerk, or any oilier Officer belonging to any of the Comts of the City of Dublin, who have power or usually do or shall lign Judgments -Any Inch Judgment, which thail he for One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two Hundicd Pounds -And a further Duty of Sixpence lor every One Hundred Pound* for which Inch Judgments shall be lignecl exceeding the Yarn of Two Hundred Pounds.

Any Foreign or Inland Rill of Exchange, PromifTorv Note, or other Note, Draft, or Older, where the Sum(therein expreii'ed shall not exceed Ten pounds (except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Ten Shillings, passed on account of Tythes, or for Money lent hv any Society on charitable Lain) -

Where the Sam ex j,veiled therein shall exceed 'Fen Pounds, and shall not exceed ’lhirty Pounds -

Where the Sum expresso.l therein shall exceed'l hirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds -

Where the Sum exp relied therein shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One Hundred Pounds -

And where the Sum exploded therein shall exceed One Hundred Po u nds -

Anv Receipt or other Discharge. given on the Payment of Muncy amounting to Two Pounds, and not amounting to Twenty Pounds ——

Where the Sum shall amount to Twenty Pounds, and not exceed Fifty Pounds -

And whore the Sum ih ill exceed Fifty Pounds -

Any Mi moria! of any Deed, Conveyance, Will, or Devise, which shall be registered in the Public Office for registering inch Memorials, or shall hr cuts^i od in any of the Courts of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demdes, and except Memorials of Alignments of Judgments, for any Sum not exceeding One Hundred Pounds) abo\e all other Duties payable thereon Any Memorial of any Deniile, or of an Agreement to demise, or of an Alignment of a Judgment, for any Sum not exceeding One Hundred Pounds - -

Any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Law -

Anv Copy of any Declaration, Idea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Law, or any Copy of any Record to be lurnnhed to tin? Twelve Judges for the hearing of Cauffis in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber -Any Rill, A rower. Replication, Rejoinder, interrogatories, Demolitions taken by (‘nmimtiioners, or any Pleadings whatso-ewr, in the Courts of Chancery or Kxchoqtn r, except Exceptions to A lowers liled in the said Courts -

Duty.

£. s. d.

i 5

1 10

2 O

3 o

O 2 O 2

O 5 o io

O 10

O O

o 4

o o o o

O 1 O 1

° 3

O O

o o o o

3. Schedule (A.)

Any Exception or Exceptions to any Answer filed in any Court of Equity in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with any other or others on the lame sheet or piece of \ ellum, Parchment, or Paper, or not -

And a further Duty for the lame alter the rate of One Shilling and Sixpence lor every ninety words which each* and every Exception shall contain, over and above the firffi ninety words.

And a further Duty upon each and every Exception over and above the lirft ten Exceptions, of -

And a further Duty upon the fame, after the rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every ninety words which each and every Inch Exception shall contain over and above the first ninety words.

Any Depositions tak°n in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, except the Paper Diafts of such Depositions taken by \iitue of any Commission before they are engrossed, w'hich are not hereinbefore charged -

Any Copy of any Bui, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions, or other Proceedings wh itloever, taken 111 the Corn of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or in any Court of Equity -

(Except always ail Proceedings in any Suit in any of the Courts aforeiaul which shall he lued, proiVuted, or had, by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein in forma Pauperis.)

Any Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, not herein otheiwiie charged' -

Any Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, winch shall be published once in every week, and not oft oner ——

Anv Rill of Lading which shall be signed for any Goods exported -

Any Instrument entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the fame -

Any Licence to keep a Lottery Office -Any Licence to keep one or more Printing Press or Prefies -Any Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors, or Tea and Groceries, or any Licence to manufacture or deal in any Tobacco, or for manufacturing Candles or Soap for Sale, or for felling or manufacturing Paper Hangings, or for felling ot making Gold or Silver Plate for Sale, or for felling Home-made Spirits as a Factor, or by Wholesale, or for keeping a Coffee House, or for selling by Retail, or otherwise dealing in Coffee, or for keeping a Tan. Yard or Tan Pit for di effing Hides or Skins in Oil, or for making Vellum or Parchment, or for keeping a Malt House, or making Malt for Sale, or for felling by Auction, or for making Glals Rottles, or for keeping a Mill or Mills for making Paper, to brew or make for Sale any Sweets or Made Wines, to make Melheglin or Mead for Sale, to make Vinegar for Sale, or to any Person not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt on Commission or otherwise ——

Any Daily Account, or Daily Rill of Goods imported into, or exported from Ireland, or A bit raft thereof included in any other Publication, except iurh Daily Accounts or Bills of Imports or Exports as shall be printed or published by any Officer or Officers authorized to print the fame by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chffif Governors of Ireland for the time being, and pursuant to the said Authority -

Anv Account or Rill of floods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, as Accounts, or Abfrrafts of Accounts of such Goods for each Day’s Account contained therein, except such Accounts, or Rills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid -

Duty.

L •> d-

0 2 6

040

OO3

0 0 3

O 0 2

OO4 0 0 6

OOl

50 o O 500

001

O O X

App; {No! 3* ^'

COnt\

OOl

3. SCHEDULE 8.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall he engrossed, written, or printed, any of the

following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following; viz.

_ ARTICLES..

Any Summons #»r Process whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff 's Bills, or to appear before any Recorder, Affiffant Barriiier, Seneschal, or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a luminary way by Cavil Rill Any Copy of any such Summons ——

b Any Decree to be made or pronounced by any Affiffant Rnr-riller at the Sessions of the Peace, nr Adjournments thereof, in causes heard by Civil Bill, where the Sum recovered shall be under Five Pounds - -

Any Decree to be made or pronounced by any Affiffant Bar-riff er at the Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof,

ARTICLES.

where the Sum decreed shall amount to Five Pounds or upwards, blit shall not amount to Ten Pounds ——

Any such Decree, where the Sum decreed shall amount toTen Pounds or upwards -

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Affiffant Barriffer -Any Removal of a Decree or Dismiss on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether such Decree or Dismiss shall have been made or pronounced by a Judge of Assize or Affiffant Barriffer -Any Recognizance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Affiffant Barriffer -

Any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by the Seneschal or Steward of every Manor Court, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill - ...... - " - -

Duty.

£. *. d.

04 6

076

040

016 0 2 6

016

872

Appendix

A. 1803

ldix,

29.)

artiiy

vcd.

Schedules of Duties paid in the Current Money of Ireland on Vellum or Parchment—continued.

3. SCHEDULE (CO

Fof every Skid or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, or other Materials, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed,

any of the following Articles or Things, the respective Duties following; viz.

ARTICLES. Duty. Duty.

For every Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any time less than a Year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one sheet or piece of paper or other materials only, and which shall not be printed so as to be afterwards fe- £■ s. d. For every other Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time less than a Year - For every Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any time longer than a Year or far several Years, for every Year or excess above a Year contained therein ----- £■ *• d. 0 0 6 0 0 6

parated into leaves, or bound as a Book or Pamphlet 0 0 a For every Dublin Directory ----- 0 0 2

3* SCHEDULE (DO TABLE of the several Unftumped Articles and Things chargeable with Duty under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

ARTICLES.

Duty.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any £. s. d. Gazette, Newspaper,. Journal, or Daily Accounts, to he pub-lifted weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dispersed or made, public yearly, monthly, or at any Other interval of time, or in any Handbill, containing more than one Advertisement, a Duty of - 010

And a further Duty, for the fame, after the rate of One Shilling for every ten lines every such Advertisempnt shall contain over and dbove the first ten lines, no such lines to exceed twenty M’s of the letter called Long Primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and if such Advertisement shall be printed in lines exceeding llich length as utbre-said, then Treble the Duties aforesaid shall be paid for it.

For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding lix sheets in octavo, or in a lelTer page, and not exceeding twelve, sheets in quarto, or twenty sheets in folio, a Duty after the rate of Two Shillings for every sheet of any kind of paper contained in one printed copy or impression thereof.

For all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, a Duty after the rate of One Shilling for every One Hundred Pounds insured thereby.

For all Insurances upon any Life or Lives, a Duty after the rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for every One Hundred Pounds insured thereby.

For all Insurances for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Danger of, or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium or Rate of Insurance exceeds the sum of Twenty Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds insured slave and except where inch Insurance shall be upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Property or Interest for any Voyage to or from any part or place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to any other part or place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, where the sum to be insured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds) a Duty of Five Shillings, and so progref-lively for every sum of One Hundred Pounds insured.

Where the sum to he insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds (save as aforesaid) a like Duty of Five Mailings.

And where the sum to be insured (save as aforesaid) shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progiTflive fin is of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional part of One Hundred Pounds, a like Duty of Five Shillings for such fractional part of One Hundred Pounds.

For all such Insurances (save as aforesaid) where the Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Premium, actually and bondJide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of Twenty Shillings, where the sum so to be insured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every sum of One Hundred Pounds insured.

And where the sum so to be insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, a like Duly of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

And where the sum so be iulured shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progressive sums of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional part of One Hundred Pounds, alike Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such fractional part of One HundreiLPounds; the said Duties on Insurances to be paid by the Allured therein.

For all Insurances, where the Premium or Rate of Insurance exceeds the sum of Twenty Shillings, for every One Hundred Pounds insured, for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Property or Interest, for any Voyage to or from any part or [dace of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, the Isle of Man, or from or to any other part or place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, where the sum to be insured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every sum of One Hundred Pounds.

Where the sum to be insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, a like Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

And where the sum to be iniured shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progressive sums of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional part of One Hundred Pounds, a like Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such fractional part of One Hundred Pounds.

For all such Insurances, where the Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Premium, actually and bond fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of Twenty Shillings, where the sum so to be in* sured shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, a Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence, and so progressively for every sum of One Hundred Pounds insured.

And where the sum so to be insured shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, a like Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence.

And where the sum to be insured shall exceed One Hundred Pounds, or any progressive sums of One Hundred Pounds each, by any fractional part of One Hundred Pounds, a like Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence lor such fractional part of One Hundred Pounds; all the said Duties on Insurances to be paid by the Assured therein.

And, if any of the Insurances aforesaid shall be made determined by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, not residing in Ireland, of any Property of any Person or Persons redding in Ireland, the same Duty shall be paid by the Person or Persons so residing in Ireland, whole Property shall be so insured, as if such Insurance was made in Ireland.

3. SCHEDULE (E.)

TABLE of the several Articles chargeable with Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

ARTICLES. Duty. Hats—continued. Duty.

Hats. Upon every Licence to any Person uttering or vending by Retail, any Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, Leather, or Japanned Hats, s, d. On every stich Hat, of the price of Twelve Shillings and under Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence - On every such Hat. of the price of Sixteen Shillings and Three £• s-0 1

in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland - . -In any other Part of Ireland - - -On every such Flat, sold by any Person taking out such Li- 100 050 Pence and upwards ----- Certificates with respect to the Killing of Gamtl 0 2 0

cence, of the price of Five Shillings and under the price of Seven Shillings - - , - 006 Upon every Certificate to any Person (not being a Gamekeeper) who shall keep or use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, lit for, or commonly used for the Definition or taking of Game - , 5 d

On every such Hat, of the price of Seven Shillings and under Twelve Shillings - 010 Upon every Certificate of, or Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper _ L 056

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

873

App/,

4. RESOLVED, That the several and respective Rate* and Duties upon the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets in Ireland, do eeafe and determine; and that the several and respective Rates and Duties following be paid in lieu thereof; viz. .. ;'

3

SCHEDULE. t cont ",

For the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets conveyed, carried, orient Port to and from Places within Ireland, the several Rates

and Sums of Money following, Irish Currency:

Duty.

Every Single Letter, or Piece of Paper, sent to any Distance, not exceeding til teen Miles Iriili measure -

Exceeding 15 Miles, and not exceeding 30 Miles

Exceeding 30 Miles, and not exceeding 50 Miles -

Exceeding 50 Miles, and not exceeding 80 Miles

For any distance exceeding eighty Miles -

For every Double Letter double the said Sums.

For every Treble Letter treble the said Sums.

And for every ounce weight four times the said Sums.

O

o

o

o

o

S. (I.

O 3 o 4

° 5 0 6

For every Foreign Newspaper arriving at the General Post Office in Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other Port where Packet Boats are, or shall be established, without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides ——

For every Letter and Packet by the Penny Post, not being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any Place within the limits of the Circular Roads about the City ol Dublin, at the time of putting such Letter into the Penny Poll Office -

For every Letter and Packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any Place beyond the said Limits, and within the Circuit of the Penny Post Office, at the time of putting in such Letter or Packet -

And so in proportion for any greater weight than one ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a Single Letter.

And, on the delivery of such last mentioned Letters or Packets, the further lum of -

Duty.

£■ 1. d.

OOl

OOl

OOl O O I

For every Letter, or Packet, directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel, riding or ltopping in any Port within Ireland, over and above the said Rates, the

sum of

o

o

For every Letter or Packet, of any weight, sent to, ?or delivered from, the General Penny Post Office, by the Penny Post, from or to any Place not within the said Limits, over and above, and exclusive of the several rates chargeable thereon, the sum of ——

o

o

1

5. RESOLVED, That the several and respective Duties which have been granted by the Parliament of Ireland, for efle&ually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City, do eeafe and determine; and that the several and respective Rates and Duties following be paid for a limited time in lieu thereof; viz*

SCHEDULE Of the Duties payable to the Superintendant Magistrate for the Preservation of the Peace within the Distri6 of the Metropolis of

Dublin, on the Licences therein mentioned.

Duty; Irish Currency.

/ Upoti every Licetice to any Person hawking about Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, for sale, within the City of Dublin, or within live Miles thereof -• £■ *• d. 2 0 6

Upon every Licence to any Person felling or exposing to sale within the said City, or live Miles thereof, in any Stand, Stall, Shed, Booth, or other Place, not being a part of his, or in his or h^r Dwelling, unv new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, or Drawings ----- O O Cl

Upon every licence to any person felling or exposing to sale within the said City, or live Miles thereof, any Glals Bottles, not being the Maker or Importer thereof, and not felling Wine, Spirits, Beer, or Ale ----- h* O O

Upon every Licence to any Person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said City, or live Miles thereof, old Cloaths, in any Stall, Shed, Booth, or other,.Place - 4 2 0 0

- Upon every Licence to any Person carrying on the business of a Pawnbroker within the said City, or five Miles thereof, for each and every llouie in which such business shall be carried on 100 0 0

Upon every Licence to any Person selling Spirits by Retail within the City of Dublin, or live Miles thereof, over and above all Duties whatsoever ----- 10 0 0

Vol. 58.

*o N

874

Appendix.

A. 1803

dix,

jo.)

rtii.

No. i>—An ESTIMATE of the Probable Amount of the REVENUES and CHARGES in for the'Year ending the 30th April 1803;

together with the Interest payable upon the Rond and other Debts, the Amount of Commercial Charges, and the Supplies to Bencoulen, Prim*

, - - payable upon

of Wales's I Hand, and St. Helena; according to the latell Advices.

REVENUES. CH ARC, ES.

BENGAL, at 2 s. the Current Rupee. £ £■ BENGAL, at 2 s. the Current Rupee. £ £-

Mint, Pod Office, Stamps, and Judicial Fees 150,80 b Civil, including Revenues, Judicial and Marine - j 1,990,000

Owdc, per Estimate 1802-3, Nett£. 1,334,000. but by Letter from Marquis Wellelloy, dated 13th ' Minch 1802 - - 1,500,000 Military, including Buildings and Fortifications - *. 2,159,66;

Land Revenues - 3>59c,«oo 1

Customs, including new Duties lately imposed 371,200

Opium Sales ----- 371,200

Salt Sales ----- 1,229,600 7,218,800 4> 155^®7

MADRAS, at 8 a. the Tagoda. MADRAS, at8A\ the Pagoda.

Post Office, Farms and Licences, and Judicial Fees 131,"200 Civil, - - including Judicial - 184.OOOO

Revenues of the Carnatic, after deducting Payments to private Creditors and Jughires 994,600 Revenue, including Allowances to the Nabob and Rajah, Pelhculh, and Pensions - 1,328,300

.vD® — of Tanjore, after deducting Payments to private Creditors - D® - - of the Cessions by the Nizam D° - - of Possessions before 1790 - D° - - of My fore, Malabar, and Canara, including Tribute from Myforq - 465,100 560,000 986,600 1,348,800 Military, including Buildings and Fortifications - •2,738,000 ' 4,250

4,436,400

BOMBAY, at 2 s. 3 J. the Rupee, Revenues and Customs, per Estimate 1801-2, the latell received * - - ' 270,980 BOMBAY, at 2 s. 3 d. the Rupee. Civil, Revenue, and Marine Charges, per Estimate, 1802-3 - - Military, - - - per D°, including Buildings and Fortifications ----- >271.671 568,721 ¥ 5 5 840,401

Total Estimated Charges - - - 9,246,30J

Eft i mated Nett Revenue - - - - 0,729:81*

11,976,180 £ |ll*976.1'Sa

ABSTRACT.

Revenues. Charges. Nett Revenues! Nett Charges,

BENGAL ----- 7,018,3 04 +,155,667 3,063,133

MADRAS - - - 4,486,400 4,050,300 236,100

BOMBAY 270,980 840,402 - 569422

ll,976,l80 9,046,369 3,299,233 569,422

Remains Nett Revenue - - - £ 2,7-29,811

Dcdttfl Cvnnvnercial Charges. not added to the Invoices:

Bengal - - - £.92,000

Madras - - - - 47,288

Bombay - - - - 15,750

Supplies to Bencooleu, Prince of Wales’s 111 and, &c- -

155.038

8*2,400

Dcdu& also Interest on Dtbts

Nett Surplus

287.43*

M92>373

* 1,438.79i

£ 1,053.580

* This include* Sutsreft on the Sums redeemed by the Commissioners of the Sinking Funds at Bengal and Madras, amounting to £■ sasKiuux, which iiiuuid thereihre be added to the Nett Surplus*

Ea& I»5ia House. 1 £th March 1803. J

(Errors excepted.)

m might,

Auditor of India Accaifft*.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

87 5

No. (2.)— ESTIMA1 E of PROFIT and LOSS on the Company's Sales in England (exclusive of Spices) and other 1 rolils; for 1-oui \ears, ending ill March 1802; with other Payments in England deducted therefrom.

Total Colt and Charges. Sale Amount. Charges and Profit on Private Trade. Interest on Annuities. Total Profit.

£■ £■ £■ ———. . — - . £■

1799 - - - 6,820,851 8,143,036 137-394 36,227 1,495,806

1800 - - - 5,748,214 6,991,041 202,909 36,227 1,482,023

1801 - - - 5,985-519 7,353,608 133,429 36,227 1,537,745

1802 - - - 4,918,588 6,393,453 193,563 36,227 1,704,655

£■ 23,473,172 . 28,881,138 667,355 144,908 -

Other Payments ia England to be deduded from Profits.

1799 -

1800 -

1801 -

180*2 -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds. Surplus Charges usually clalfeii with Charges on Merchandize, but which do not properly belong thereto, deducing Buildings and other Articles, for which a Value remains. Expences of Settlements Abroad. Freight outward, Remuneiation to Commanders of worn-out Ships and Loss upon the Law-Tonnage. Military Payments. Total Payments.

71C,593 136,165 80,205 161,895 37,125 1,125,983

713,158 272,997 60,046 119,255 35)^55 1,201,311

713,489 275,794 77,540 119,472 46,622 1,231,917

704,404 332,216 77,980 147,077 49,2i6 1,310,893

2,841,644 1,017,172 295,771 547,699 168,818 -

6,220,2*29

4,871,104

Surplus in Four Years Per Annum

Add Profit on Exports per Annum, deducting therefrom Insurance Out and Home

£. 1,349,1*25

Total Surplus per Annum -

£■ 337,281

- 29,593

£■ 366,874

Fail India Ilonfe, the 5th March

wife, 7 1^03. J

(Errors excepted.)

Chai Cartwright,

Appendix, (No. 30.) t

8* Martii,

continued. *'

Accountant General.

■ (\o. 3.)— An ESTIMATE of the Amount of the BOND and other DEBTS due by the East India Company in India;

together with the Interest payable upon the fame; by the latelt Advices.

1

Tiie laieft Accounts received from India, which state the Amount of Debts at the same Period, are those dated the 30th April 1801.

Bengal - - - At that Date, the Amount of DEBTS was as follows: - at 25. the Current Rupee - - 12,318,334

Madras - - - - at 85. the Current Pagoda - 3,129,908

Bombay - - - - at 2 5. 3 d. the Rupee ----- 1,913,198

Fort Marlbro’ - - at 55. the Dollar . - - - * * 59,624

- £■ 17,421,064

Dedufl the Amount bought up by the Commissioners for the Sinking Fund

at Bengal and Madras - -- -- 757,024

Total Debts on the 30th April 1801, exclusive of the Remittance Loans payable in England, for the greatest ? * 55.

part of which Bills have been drawn - - - * - * - J - - - -j *

Although the Accounts of Quick Stock to the 30th April 1802 have not (as might have been expected) been hitherto received, yet from other Documents transmitted from India, according to the belt calculation that can thence be formed, the Increase of Debts, between the 30th April 1801 and the 30th April 1802, may be stated at - - - " - * * ~ " 950,000

The Total of DEBTS on 30th April 1802 is therefore Estimated at - - - £. 17,614,000

The INTEREST payable on the Debts bearing Intefefl on 30th April 1802, is stated at - £. 1,438,791 Dedud Interest on the Public Securities redeemed by the Sinking Funds at that Period - " 85,180

Amount of INTEREST payable - - - - £• B353,6il

East India House,7 8th March 1803.

(Errors excepted.) ffrm Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

876

Appendix.

1803.

)pendix,^j

4o. 31-) r* 'Ax ACCOUNT of the Ordinary ftcvenuU and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, from the 25th of Maith 0 Marti/. J fame—and, the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt:—distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per-

and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the ‘25th day of March 1799, and on the 25th day of the 25th day of March 1799 and on the 25th day of March 1800 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer

:'*>10 CffliiKii l

lldi 1

]ji-

HEADS

of

REVENUE*

Balances:

BALANCES ] BALANCE in the Hands of in che Hands of

the dilfrrent Collector* on the 25th of March 1799.

Ordinary Revenues:

CUSTOMS -EXCISE -

STAMPS -

POST OFFICE.

POUNDAGE FEES - -

P5LLS FEES -DUTY* on Wrought Piste -CASUALTIES -

£. s. d. 6SS^S€ 13 5

the

Receiver General on the 25th of March *799-

BILLS the Hands of the

Receiver General on 25th March

1799» bat not due unci] after that day.

£* * d.

14,449 9 iQ*

65,336 16 4! 12,106 2 10*-

- - - TOTAL - - -?

ORDINARY REVENUE -J 765,979 H

Extraordinary Resources:

t'OUR-SHILUNO T« on Saline., Penftons, and Profits of Euipiovmen'a oi Absentees -

GAIN by Exchange oa Sums received from Great Britain -

PUBLIC Coal Yard* SALE of Q^it Rent*

COMMISSIONERS of the Navy on Account of Advances by Collector* in IrclandJar Seamens Wages

FROM tfc« Fund appropriated to Irish Fiflrrie?, transferred by Ad of Par-Laurent -

FROM the Fund appropriated to Light Houses, transferred -

OTHER Moaic* paid to the Public LOTTERIES -

*4*449 9 xoi

£• s. i. 46,607 6 —

46,607 6 —.

Grofe Receipt:

GROSS RECEIPT within the Year.

TOTAL RECEIPT to be Accounted for.

RATE

Per-Centum for which the Gross Revenue I was collected.

£. i. d. i»74*»S46 14 4 1,406,065 1 9$

*69*555 1 5* 24,040 15 3 32,383 — iij 6,476 xo 9§ 1,922 13 6 2,728 16 2

i. d.

3*445*7*8 14

3.898,155 5 5

234»94i *7 10I 96,146 t2 i\ 32,383 — I!} 6,476 10 9$ 1,922 13 6 2,728 16 8

4»27*,755 3 3i

£ «. d.

8 13 6J

9 18

70 9 2f

Drawbacks, Discount, Charges of Management, &c.

Paid out ot Gross Revenue.

Appropriated DUTIES for Local Objects: , UNEN Manufacture IRISH Fisheries -LAG AN Navtgition - 950 z 6

IMPROVEMENT of Dublin - -1 315 9 4

REPAIRS, Royal Exchange, Sec. - 1 2^2 __

KING’S INNS ...

VOLUNTARY Contribution*

- - - TOTAL - - - J ! _. Independent of the Loans - /07»4

LOANS paid into the Exchetqu"r In the Year ended 25th March iioo -

GRAND TOTAL - - jT.

H 14»449 9 i°I-

8,682 19 2 5 8,682 19 2}

40,146 11 7f 46,146 xx 71.1

4.944 4 4. 4^44 4 4.1

5,987 z l| 5,9*7 * ii

8,422 12 4 8^22 12 4

36,838 8 3? 36,838 8 3I

7.097 13 3i 7,097 >3 3$

2,8l2 13 2j 2,8 12 13 2\

365,000 — —

365,000-----

46,607 6 —

982 I 2

54i 6 3$

2,543 18 — 2,i86 S 5 i,511 14 6

*,73°-----

16,803 15 1

9S2 1 2

54i 3| 3,494 — 6 8,501 17 9

1,744 10 6

V73°-----

16,803 15 x

7b:»t7$ — 14,149 9 IC*- .46,607 6 •—

3,95*,95° 2 H

5,26 T, OOOO — —

4,7*7,484 19 —}

5,26l, COO — —-

Repayments, Drawbacks, Discount, &c. &c.

CHARGES

of

Management.

£. J. I t. i.

165,456 19 274,360 3t

5-559 «9 4

TOTAL 1 PAYMEHTS out of the Gross Restate.

£ u L

539.17 *5 «i

16,834 — 4j *.393 >» *J 59,216 — ii 59,216 — 1

171,016 18 6$ 3S°i410 »6 10 1621,417 15 4j

4

422 X2 8 1,291 5 8

1S5 — 6

9,219,95° 2 8y 10,048^4 19 —-J

4S0 4 ?! 412 11

62 12 4 | 3»3$3 "r 185 — 6

srr fro

C.lK'lii fe* d r.i 0

ta*. I

r’;5) ’ 1

i,?: 1

273,396 1 I0i 350473 9 1

273,396 1 xoj

35°:473 9

623^69 11

623,86911H

ij

11

■'H 1; tfur

i‘i 1!

lily.

MiO

ter

: *S n

' 1* -

i;,

•‘-t I;

AW—The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 25th day of March 1799 - - amounted to

The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 25th day of March 1799 ' - amounted to

The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 25th day of March 1800 - - amounted to

T^c u appro; riated Bounce in the Exchequer, on the 25th day of March xSoo - - amounted to

- -£ 53,777

- - *80,033

9i-

- 2?:

- 957,1

81 } if. 33 3.*

19 i )

>7 7 1 ^4,683. >4.*!

7.117 *7 »S i

I 43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

877

t,

Is I'.

c;

r'

1799 to the ->th of March 1800; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue—The Amount of the Gross Receipt—The Rate per-Centum for collecting the < Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce;—distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, March 1800 respectively, applicable to or arising from the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on Bills issued for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

A

e

V_' NET PRODUCE

applicable to National Objects,

and to

VII Payments into the

Exchequer.

£■ >■ d.

i:.V 3.358»337 9 i°3

212,547 18 1!

- 36,930 18 —

Cl* 00 L»a 1

6,476 10 91

1,922 13 6

2,728 16 8

7 I°S‘

RATE

Pei-Centum for which th* Net Revenue ■Aas collected.

10 7 11

11 8 9 j

238 10 10

8,682 19

40,146 11 7i 4*944 4 41 5*9*7 * ij

*i411 4

36,* 3l

7*^97 *3 3i *,3l2 13 2 365^00 *■— —

5cx 16 Z\

u8 13 7J

2,140 2 6 8,316 17 3

i>744 >o 6

2,730-----

10,803 15 1

4,163,615 8

5,161,000 —

94j4,6i5 8

Payments out of the Net Produce applicable to National Objects:

PAYMENTS on Account of Militia and Deserters.

3,13 5 16 5

S, 185 16 5

8,185 16 5

8,185 16 5

BOUNTIES

for promoting thi Fiihe-ies, Linen Manufacture,

C •. d.

5*143 11 l\

51*143 11 7

ShW ii 7i

TOTAL

PAYMENTS rut of the | Net Produce.

£■ d.

59,329 8 —}

PAYMENTS into the exchequer.

PAYMENTS to Trustees of the ROYAL EXCHANGE

£■ 1. d.

*>6c=>533 S —

>43.273 >3 *i 18,218 18 4

32,383 — ni

6^76 10 95

1,922 13 6

2,728 16 8

£. d.

59,319 s —;

59,329 8 — {

5>»H3 " "I

59,329 8 — 1;

*>1105,536 1* 5

8,682 I9 l\

40,146 11 7\

4*944 4 4 \ 5,987 2 i\

8,422 12 4

36,838 8 3}

7.°97 13 3-

2,8l2 13 2]

365,000 --- —

118 13 7*

1,324 10 — 6,830 16 —

2,73° — —

16,803 15 1

3,313,17617 7!

5,261,000 — —

*574»276 17 7$

i»437 3 6

i*437 3 6

i,437 3 6

Balances;

BALANCES in the Hands of the diff rent Collectors, on the 25th March i8co.

£■ d.

580,627 10 5$

69,274 4 ni

18,711 19 8

BALANCE in the Hinds of the

Receiver General on the 25th March 1S00.

£• *. d.

15,094 14 2$

668,613 15 —J 15,094 14 a}

501 16 8{

815 12 6

1,486 1 3

307 7 —

671,724 12 6 i

671,724 12 6J

15,094 14 a|

15,094 14 2i

BILLS in the Hands of the

Receiver General on 25'h March i8co, but not ouc until arier that day.

£■ »• d.

102,752 1* ij

102,75* t» ii

io*73* 1* *J

102,752 12 if

TOTAL

DISCHARGE.

£■ «• d.

3>35*.337 9 1 °\

212,547 I. «i 'i

• I

36,930 18 — 3*.383 — i>t 6*76 10 9i

1,922 13 6 2,728 16 8;

3.631,3*7 7 i=i

M8* *9

40,146 IX 7l

4.944 4

S>9*7 2 •i

M* 12 4

36,838 8 3*

7,097 *3 3l

2,812 13

365,000 —

.So* x6 00

ji8 *3 •7i

2,14° 2 6

8,316 f7 3

x>7^4 10 6

*>73° — —

16,803 15 1

4,163,615 f.

5,261,000 — —

9.4*4,615 8 -4

AW—The Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service, between the 25th cf March 1799 and ihc 25th March 1800, (including >* ^ 000.

£.495,cco. issued pursuant to Agreement for Loam of £■ 2,occ, cco. on Debenture.) and not redeemed within that period, wa. - S

Steph, Moore, A.G.

Vol. 58, 10 O

hv V^LJA-H2-I-L

Appendix

A. 1803. t

‘878

pdix,l ► 31*) >.

iartiiy

ntted.

An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary’ Resources, consti luting the PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, from 25th of March fame—and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt:—DitHnguithing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 25th March 1800 and on the ift day of January 1801 25 th March 1800 and on the ill day of January 1801 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued

UDt

Balances: Gross Receipt: Drawbacks, Discounts, Charges of Management, &c. Paid out of the Gross Revenue: 1

HEADS r BALANCES in the Hands of the different Colic^ors on the 25th of M-irth x8co. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on 25th March 1S00. BILLS * in the Hands of r GROSS RECEIFr ) TOTAL RECEIPT to be Accounted for. j RATE Per-Centum, for which the Gross Revenue was collected. 'sit 1 K

of REVENUE. the Receiver Generjl on the 25th Maich i8co, but not due till after that day. between the 25th March 1800 and the id January iSoi. r Re-payments, Drawbacks, Discounr, &c. CHARGES of Management. total 1 PAYMENTSi out of the Gross Revenue. 13fit.j ! 1 ?ip a

Ordinary Revenues. £. a. d. £■ >■ X- <• a. £. s. d. £ »• £. 1. d. £■ *• d. £• !• d. £• L

580,627 to j$: 15>°94 H 102,752 12 X ? x>3°3»4°S 3 6 £ 75*794 3 1ci ^2,753,674 4 *1 1017 1} 205,771 8 83 223,129 I — I 428,896 9 9j w

STAMPS 69,274 4 ui . - 141,165 18 8 *io*4° 3 7i i 10 6 9J 4,004 19 1 24,596 12 11} 18,601 —J 153,5

POST OFFICE - 18,7x1 19 8 - - 66,032 3 11 84.744 J 7 60 2 8,953 10 9 39*703 3 -1 48,656 13 9J 5^:

POUNDAGE FEES *9>*54 3 »9>*54 3 *i V:

PELLS FEES 5,850 16 4’- 5,850 16 4IJ rt

DUTY on Wrought Plat* ... 1,523 l6 — 1,523 16 — V

CASUALTIES .... 3,905 — 115 3,905 — 11V 1?"

ORDINARY REVENUES . 668,61 j 15 — | 15>°94 i4 1 102,752 12 j\ *»3°2>93i 6 si 3,cS9,392 7 10J - 218,729 x3 6} *77.4*4 »7 —i I496.I54 IJ 7} 7

Extraordinary Resources. i

FOUR-SHILLING To* on SrUriei, Penfioas, and Profits of Employments 14,141 4 4 m

1,38017 — 1,380 17 — J|pO

PUBLIC Coal Yard* - - - . - 200 — — 200 — — tx.

COMMISSIONERS of the Not, on Account of Advance* by Collector* in j Ireland, for Seamens Wages, Icc. n,6*8 j 3 11,628 3 3

j FORFEITED Deposit of 5-Per-Cent. on | a Loan of £. 1,500,000. by Luke 75,000 — 75>°°o — — *>500

GAIN by Exchange on Sums received j from Great Britain ... ... ... - M3 5 io{ M3S * i°i: - - --- ' * *

1 OTHER Monies paid to the Public 2,666 10 2 2,666 10 2 W-

, LOTTERIES . - - 418,50© — — 418,500 — — ... ... 4;S).

Appropriated D U TI E S for Lc 1 seal Obje6U:

LINEN Manufacture 501 16 81 . - 5,710 19 6 6,212 16 . 4,127 14 6 . - 4,1*7 14 *

LAGAN Navigation 815 12 6 - - 450 2,265 12 6 - - - 300 10 — - 300 10 — ! h

; IMPROVEMENT of Dublin - 1,486 ' x 3 . 8,621 9 10 10,107 11 1 . 80 17 6 - So 17 *

REPAIRS, Royal Exchange, ice. 307 7 — - . *035 2 6 1,342 9 6 Mu

KING’S INNS ... 860 — — 860 — — Ho,

VOLUNTARY Contributions 22 10 — 22 10 — n

- * - TOTAL - . -> Independent of the Loan* J 671,724 ia 6 j 15,094. 14 2} 102,753 11 l\ *,862,573 5 nj 3,65*,145 4 9i - - . 223,239 — 6] *77.4*4 17 —i 500,663 17 7}

L°AfMP, Ii!n.to the E*cheS"« from ) *5th Mirch 1800 to ill January 1801 j 3>5®7»*3 1 5l 3»5®7»*3 1 Si ... ... - - - * •-}1

GRAND TOTAL - . £. 671,724 13 6j [ 15,094 14 *5: 102,751 XI 1± ®>449»79® 7 4i i 7,239,368 6 3i *3>*39 — H *77.4*4 17 — 500^63 17 7}

Note.—'The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 25th March 1800 -The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 25th March xSoo -

The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the ift of January 1801

The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the tft of January 1801

amounted to - - -amounted to - - - - £^7,565 >7 17 7 1 £. 984,683. 14 ®i*

amounted to - - . - 0 ' i t2. -1 1,697,29®* *4* 9*

amounted to - - * j 1

* •r>7 * (i.'

Appendix

43 Geo. III.

879

1800 to the 1 ft January 1801; Distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue—The Amount of the Gross Receipt—The Rate per-Centutn for collecting the Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce:—Distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, respectively, applicable to or arising from the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

rAPf

(N.

con\

NET PRODUCE applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the Exchequer* RATE Per-Centum, for which the Net Revenue was collected. Payments out of the Net Produce applicable to National Objects:

PAYMENTS on Account of Militia and lX-lerter$. BOUNTIES for promoting the Fisheries, Linen Manufacture, &c. TOTAL PAY MENTS out of the Net Produce.

I £ »• *■ C *• d. £ >■ d. £' >• d. £ *■ d.

-' *,3*4.777 »4 4i •3 »4 4i ,c,995 * 7 30,535 i8 6} 4'.55« S li

191,838 11 7 if i3 i|

36,087 9 9l 218 9 10J

*9.154 3 *i

3,850 16

1,513 l6 —

3,903 — n<

1 *.593.*37 «* 33 - rc,995 6 7 30,555 it 6J 4'45« S iJ

■ M.H* 4 4

i,3$« 17 —

100 — —

i*6*t 3 3 . - . - - . .

7S,oooo — —

9435 * 10}

t,666 10 2

I 418,500 — —

1 1 *,085 t 8{

, ‘ 9*5 * 6

, I0,0l6 I3 7

,»J4* 9 * «• - 187 6 — 187 6 —

860

1 J n 10 —i

1 7 aj . - -: 10,99 s 6 7 30,843 4 6J 41,83811 ij

1 1 1 J 3i537,ii3 1 5!

y y i *.738,704 s 7} - - . i<W5 6 7 30,843 4 6i 41,838 11 i£

PAYMENTS into the E X C H E QJJ E R. Balances: total DISCHARGE.

( BALANCES in the Hands of the different Collectors, on the ift January 1801. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on ift January 1801. BILLS 1 in the Hands of the Receiver General on ift January 1801, but not due till after that day.

£ d. £ *. d. £ *• d. £• *• d. £ d.

1,663,835 14 6} 496,907 8 5| *4.346 »9 3k 98,136 6 n *.3*4,777 *4 4l

109,886 l8 II. 81,951 11 7f - - - 191,838 11 7

18,711 19 8 17.375 i° *1 * - - - - 36*87 9 9*

»9>*54 3 *§ *9*54 3 *{

5,850 16 4l - - - - 5,850 16

1,523 l6 — - " - - 1,513 16 —

3,9°5 — 3,905 — ii*

1,831,968 9 8{ 596,134 II 2j *4.346 19 3$ 98,136 6 11 *>593>*37 1*

»4,i4i 4 4 . *4*4* 4 4

1,380 17 — i,3ffo 17 —

aoo — — *00 — —

11,628 3 3 11,628 3 3

75,000 — — 75»oooo

9435 * *°i 9*35 »*°i

2,666 10 * 2,666 10 a

428,500 — — 428,500 — —

1,316 3 * 768 18 2,085 1 %i

800 — — 165 ft 6 - - m m 965 ft 6

8444 *0 * i*S*» 3 5 - - . 10*026 13 7

390 — — 665 3 6 - * - m m' *>34* 9 6

860 860 — —

12 10 — ift 10 —

2.387,74310 * 59M«5 *9 *1 24,34619 3} 98,136 6 11 3.151481 7 *i

3,587,*3 * si 3, S87*3

5*74.966 11 ij 599415 *9 *t *4.346 19 98,136 6 11 6i7S8,7°4 * 7t

Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service, between the 15th March 1800 and the ift January 1801 (including 1,0861*50. £• 3*6,450. i0ued porfoant to Agreement for a Loan of £% a,500*000. on Debentures) and not redeemed within that period, was )

Steph, Mme 0.

- __________

880

Appendix

-4-1803.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Ordinary' Revenue and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, from id of January the lame—and, the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt:—diilinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the ift day of January 1801, and on in the Exchequer on the ift day of January 1801 and on the 5th day of January 180-2 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and

Balances: Gross Receipt: Drawbacks, Diieounts, Charges of Management, &c. Paid out 01 Gross Revenue.

HEADS BALANCES in the Han is of the different Collectors on the ift of Jjnuary 1801. balance in the Hand* of the Receivr*! General on the ift ot J muiry 1801. A BILLS in Hands of th»; jRece.ver Geneiai [on lit of Janua; j j8ci, but l.i'C due till alter that Day. f GROSS RECEIPT within the Year. \ TOTAL RECEIPT to be Accounted for. RATE Per-Contum, for which the Gross Revenue was collected.

of REVEN U E. Re-payments, Drawbacks, Discoun:, &c. &c. CHARGES of Management. total Payments out of the Gross Revenue.

Ordinary Revenues: £- d. £■ >■ d. £• s. d. £* s. d. I £- '• d. £. J. £. s. d. £- 1. d. £ s. i.

CUSTOMS, including Wool Licences EXCISE - - -j 496,907 s 5; 19 3; 98,136 6 11 j 1,320,265 14 7’ \ 833,025 16 ic-J n ["3.277,682 6 2 i 11 7 7f 282,886 12 101 3^3.345 10 7 586,73* j 5}

STAMPS 81,951 11 - 211,432 17 nl 293,38+ io 7ij 9 7 3l 5,120 14 19,801 9 3 24,922 3 3

rosr office - 17*375 1° U - - 102,293 10 4 1 119,669 — 5* 55 is 13,607 17 4 56,882 14 3! 70,490 11 71

POUNDAGE FEES - - 34,149 17 10 34,149 17 10 !

PELLS FEES 6,830 — 4 6,830 *— 4

1,776 6 — 1,776 6 —

CASUALTIES - 5,263 8 10 5,263 8 10

- - - TOTAL - - - ) ORDINARY REVENUES - } 596,134 11 z* 24»346 19 3* 9^,136 6 11 3,020,037 12 9'- 3*73^755 *0 H - - . J01,6l5 4 2j 380,529 14 j 682,144 l8 41

Extraordinary Resources:

FOUR-SHILLING Ti» on Salaries, Pensions, and Profits of Employments of AbsenCtes ‘ - 9>9S9 * 9,989 12 61

PUBLIC Coal Yard* . - . j 790 790

LOAN INTEREST from Grand Canal Company and Commissioners of Wide Streets - 9,225 14 — 9,225 14 —

COMMISSIONERS of the Navy' on Account of Advances by C-dleffora in Ireland for Seamen's Wages - ■j 22,113 4 9 21, H3 4 9

PROFIT by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain - 62,065 2 II. 62,065 2 11J

RICE, Indian Corn, Uc. fold on Account 01 Government - 5°>953 *5 *« 50,953 *5 11 ... - . - m - -

OTHER Monies paid to the Public - 14,721 10 3* 14,721 10 3 *

LOTTERIES 433,500 , 433,500

Appropriated DUTIES lor Lot :al Objects:

LINEN tylanufacture - 76S 18 61 - - 1,588 8 3 a>357 6 9] - * 1,242 17 5 . - , 1,242 I? i

LAGAN. Navigation - - - 165 2 - 754 12 — 919 14 6 - " - 73S 17 11 - 7$! 17

IMPROyEMSNT of Dublin - _ - hS* 3 5 - 8,210 18 7* 9.793 * —1 - 36 19 3 - 3619 3

REPAIRS of Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings'; - - - 665 3 6 m — m ... 1,388 1 6 2,053 5 - - '

KING’S' INNS - - - * - . 1 1,660 — — 1,660 * -

- - - TOTAL - - J? Independent of the Loans - ) f 599415 19 2+»346 }9 3i 98,136 6 11 5,636,998 13 4.35*^97 19 — j - - . 303,633 is 9! 3*0,52914 1’ 0841163 1* ul

LOANS paid into the Exchequer in the Year ended 5th of January 1802 J - . i 3,830,762 18 i| 3,830,762 l8 l| - - - '

- -j CRAND TOTAL - - £. 599415 ’9 *4i346 >9 3? 98,136 6 11 7,467,761 11 9J 8,189,660 17 l} * - - 303,633 18 9l 38c,529 14 1. 84,163 IS J,i|

Note.—1The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the ift of January 1801 -

The Unapp opriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the ift of January 1801

The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1S02 -

The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1802

amounted to - - - _ £. 25 651 12

amounted to - - - - 1,671,647 2

amounted to ----- - 16,135 7

amounted to ----- 39 ^668 5

| £, *+• S'

* | jC-4«»,o3- *3* y

V

43 Geo. III.

Appendix. 881

J

f AW’

lfc>l to the 5th of January 1802; distinguiflung, under each Head of Revenue—The Amount of the Gross Receipt—The Rate per-Centum for cohering ) (No Rate per-Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of Net Producedistinguishing ulfo the Payments into the j I I*y the 5th day of January 1802 respectively, applicable to or arising from the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining t CQn die Amount of the Exchequer Bills ltiucd for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

NET PRODUCE applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the Exchequer. RATE Per-Centum, for which the Net Revenue was collected. Payments out of the Net Produce applicable to National Objetfs. PAYMENTS into the EXCHEQUER, Balances: TOTAL DISCHARGE.

r BALANCES in the Hands of the different Collectors on the 5th of January iSci. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of January 1802. SILLS ' in H*nas of the Receiver General on 5th of January 1801, but not due till after that Day.

1 PAYMENTS on Account of Militia and Deserters. BOUNTIES for promoting the Fish cries, Linen Manufacture, See. \ TOTAL Payments out of the Net Produce.

£• *• 4. £. -■ £■ *• <*■ £• *• J* £• s. d. £■ >■ d. £. .. d. £. x. d. £. 1. d. £• *' y.

1,690,950 * 8$ *4 1* >>i ij, iu 13 iij 37,76a 14 —i 51,874 7 j if *,1*9,304 j 7f 39*»734 3 >i 24*5°7 3 5 9>,53° 4 6| 2,690,95° 2 g{

*68,461 7 4I 10 12 4 >*7.544 3 4l 80,91s 4 — -. - - 268,462 7 4$

49,178 8 io 178 17 ii *8,141 6 7f *>«°37 * *1 . ... 49*7® ® *0

34,149 17 IO 34>>49 >7 >° 34*49 *7 *0

6,830 — 4 6,830 — 4 6^30 — 4

*,776 6 — 1,776 6 — 1,776 6 —

5,163 2 10 5,163 8 10 5,263 2 xo

3,056,610 11 10} 15,111 13 iij 37.76* *4 —i 5M74 7 nj 2,393,009 6 7 494,689 9 4* *4*5°7 3 5 91,530 4 6J 3,056,610 11 104

9,989 ii H 9,989 11 6J 9,9*9 »* H

7S° — i— - - * " * - T - 79° — —’ ' 790

9,125 14 — 9,225 14 — 9,*aj 14 —

22, U3 4 9 ... - - - 22,113 4 9 * ’ »*»nj 4 9

62,065 z xi$ 62,065 2 IlJ . 62,065 * 11J

50,953 15 11 5°,953 15 11 50,953 >5

14*721 10 3i 14,721 10 3! >4,7*1 ip 34

433*5°° 433,300 — — 433,50° — —'

1,114 9 4f >»*«4 9 44 >,»4 9 44

180 16 7 180 16 7 - - - 1S0 16 7

9>756 2 9\ « - - - *»«37 >4 9 1,618 8 — - - - * " 9>75s * 94

2»°53 5 — 1,668 17 — 3*4 * - - , - . *,053 5 —

1,660 — —. I 1,660 — — 1,660 — —

3.674.734 6 1 - - 15,11113 nj . 37.76* <4 — 51,874 7 nf 3,007,83418 91 497,9*7 4i *4,507 3 5 9i»5J0 4 6* 3,674,734 6

3^30,76* *8 i\ - 3,830,76* 18 i| 3,830,76* 18 *f

7*5c5>497 4 - - - 1 i 1 IS*1x3 *i 1 37,76* 14 —} 51,874 71 ij 6,838,597 >6 n 497,987 11 4f *4,507 3 5 9 >,53° 4 6| 7,505^97 4 *4

#ott.—The Amount of Exchequer Bill; issued and not redeemed within that period

for the Public Service between the ift of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802* ? 009,000. , was ...... - - 'a

9fepi. Moors, A. G,

10 P

Vol. 58,

882

Appendix.

A. 1608.

■*-.-----I, -

>endix,.

>• 3*0

1tinned,

Mart#.

An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, for the Year «>n

the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt:—diliinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per-Centum for Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th day of January 180*2 and on the 5th day of on the 5th day of January 1802 and on the 5th day of January 1803 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of

Balances: Gross Receipt: Drawbacks, Discount, Management, Paid out of Grok

HEADS r BALANCES in the Hands of the different Collectors on the 5th of January 1802. BALANCE in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of January 1802. BALANCES BILLS ' in the Hands of r GROSS RECEIPT within the Year. > TOTAL RECEIPT to be Accounted for. RATE Per-Centura, for which the Gross Revenue was collected. j

of REVENUE. overpaid by Collectors on the 5th of January 1803. the Receiver General on 5th January 1802, but not due until after that Day. r Re-payments, Drawbacks, Discount, dec. dec. CHARGES of

Ordinary Revenues: £■ »• i- £. d. £■ »• d. £■ ... '• £■ y. £. d. £■ '• d. £■ >. d. £• 1. i

CUSTOMS - - 1 EXCISE .... 3 39*>734 3 1J *4.507 3 5 _ 91,530 4 6| £2,041,613 11 8$ ii,805,105 7 6} ^4>35S>490 4i * >4 4i 3*3.*5S 5 * 3364*4 15 6

STAMPS 80,918 4 — 211,4x7 13 4i *9*345 >7 4l 10 14 6} 5.*4 1* <| *>,6(414

POST OFFICE - 21,037 x 2} 102,518 16 11 1*3-555 >9 >1 50 13 2 >4.073 6 1 5*>93J >* J

POUNDAGE FEES ... 44,072 1 ii 44,07* x ,1 . - •

PELLS FEES - - . - . - 8,814 5 9 8,814 5 9 - - - •

DUTY on Wrought Plate - - L976 5 11 1,976 5 11 - - - - •

CASUALTIES .... 4*597 * * 4*597 * *

- - - TOTAL - - -) ORDINARY REVENUES - ) 494.689 9 4i *4.507 3 5 ■> " - 91,530 4 <1 4,220,125 4 6\ 4,830,85* X 10J 4*H>3 9 9$ 4ILG45 * 1)

Extraordinary Resources:

Foua-SHJLLING Tax on Salaries, Pc.fioas, and Profits of Employments *,9*> 5 >i *.9*1 5 ‘i s a * a •

* 20 IO — *0 10 —

1.7*0 — — >.7*o

COMMISSIONERS of the Navy, on Account of Advances by Collectors in Ireland, for Seamen’# Wages-- * mm W m rn m m . *2,236 17 6 *.236 17 6

SUNDRY Persons on Aecoun: of Rice, Indian Corn, See. fold lor Account of Government - - + m m m m m - 7,106 15 7* 7,106 15 7I ...

GAIN by Exchange on Sum# received 34.73o 13 9* 34,780 13 9*

5,568 16 xij

FROM Great Britain, One-third of the Profit on Lotteries of 180Z 200,416 13 4 200,4x6 13 4

FROM Great Britain, a Loan to pay the Prizes of the Irish Lottery 180 1, to he 299,000 — —

Appropriated DUTIES for Lo< :al Objects: X ■

LINEN Manufacture ... >.n4 9 4i 5>9 >. 5! - MS* I® 3a 3,086 16 x£ - - . 157 * 4 * 0

LAGAN Navigation - * 1S0 16 7 - - ... . *>47* *•65> 3 3 - 251 19 — no t 1

IMPROVEMENT of Dublin - x,6iS S —} 8,600 6 4 10,218 14 4} - 7 * 33 x6 — •

REPAIR9, Royal Exchange, and Commercial Buildings - - - - 3*4 S — 1.715 10 — 2,099 28 - .

3.050 — — 3, C$0 - - - - '

- - - TOTAL - - -) Independent of the Loans ~ S 497.9*7 4i 24>5o7 S 5 5>9 >< 5} 91,530 4 6} 4*811.305 10 ij 5,425,850 5 xoj * * * 383,656 7 >i 411,155 W

LOANS paid into the Exchequer from 5th of January 1802 to 5th of Janu- S ary 1803 - j 3,791,666 13 4

GRAND TOTAL - - £. 497.9*7 *> 4l *4.507 3 5 519 16 j{ 91,530 4 6$ 8,602,97a 3 si 9,217,5x6 19 2} " " - 383,656 7 411,155 *i

Afar.—'The Appropriated Balances ic the Exchequer, o» the 5th of January iSo* - - amounted to .... £.16,43$ 7 8

The Unappropriated Bxlwace *0 the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 2802 - amounted to 394,668 5 7 J £-<ll»l0V *3* 3*

The Appropriated Bslucet in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1803 -The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 2803

amounted to amounted to

? ,0*8,467. ,*. Si-

• S\)

Us 43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

883

1 w ?JM.,

Appen,'

, (No. *3 1

5th of January 18+3; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue—The Amount of the Gross Receipt—The Rate per-Centum for collecting the fame—and, } 1

I canti/m'

collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; —distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, and the * J[Ja

January 1803 respectively, applicable to or arising from the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

r

ilfr

Charges of &c. &c. Revenue.

TOTAL Paymencs out

of he Grufs Revenue.

£- '• d.

699,680 — 8

28,569 ii <)\ 66|Oo8 18 6

NET PRODUCE

applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the

Exchequer.

RATE Per-Centum for which the Net Produce ol '.he Revenue was co'iecKd.

794»5* «i

£ ».

3.65S,8io 9 81

*'’8.776 4 7’ S7-S47 — 71 44/-71 l]

8,814 S 9 1,976 s 11 4.597 *

*>036,593 9 11

*99>3°o — —

*57 * 4 J6i 7 1 33 16 —

7»4,*ii 17 41

2,981 5 i*

20 IO —

1,780 — —

22,226 17 6

7,106 15

£• d.

10 13 —

12 8 1$

142 5 —

34*7^0 13 <j\

5,56$ 16 1 t 4

200,416 13 4

299,000-----

2,929 13 91 2,288 16 2 10,184 18 4$

1,699 *8 — 3,050-----

4,631,038 8 6{

3,79 *>®66 *3 4

Payments out of the Net Produce applicable to National ObjetSs.

PAYMENTS on Account of M’litia and Deserters.

£■ d.

'.579 * 6

BOUNTIES for promoting the Fisheries, Linen Manufacture, &c.

£■ *. d.

34,932 10 7

1,579 1 6

*>579

TOTAL Payment, out of the Net Produce.

£. fm d.

36,511 12 1

34»932 10 7

34,932 10 7

*>579 * 6

34>932 10 7

.36,511 ia 1

36,511 12 1

36,511 12 I

PAYMENTS into the EXCHEQUER.

C d.

3,031^040 2 11?

183,116 18 10 40,676 9 3*

44,072 1 ii

8,814 5 9 1,976 5 11 4>597 2 2

3>3*4»293 6

1,981 5 1}

20 10 — ,780-----

22,236 17 6

7,106 15 71

34J80 13 9J 5,568 16 n|

200,416 13 4 299,000 — —

*>929 13 9} 1,997 10 — 8,444 4 *0

*>5*6 1 4} 3,050-----

3,906,121 9 4

3,791,666 13 4

7>697>7*9 2 8

Balances:

r

BALANCES in the Hands of the different Collectors on the 5th January 1803.

£■ '•

466,289 6

80,659 j 9» 16,870 ii 4

563,819 4 —

291 62 1,740 13 61

5*3 *5 7i

566,434 19 4}

566>434 19 4*

BALANCE in the Hands of

the

Receiver Genera* on the 5th ot January 1803.

£■ d.

*4.9*4 9 3l

*4.9*4 9 3i

*4.944 9 3*

*4.944 9 3l

BILLS in the Hanes of the

Receiver General on 5th of January 1813, but not due until after that Day.

£■ '■ d.

97,014 18

97,024 18

97,024 18 5*

97>°*4 J*

TOTAL

DISCHARGE.

£ »• d.

3,655,810 9 8J

*43.776 4 7i J7.547 — 7{ 44,072 1 ij

8,814 5 9 1,976 5 it 4,597 1 2

4.036.59s 9 n

*,981 5 ij 20 10 — X,78o — —

82,^36 17 6

7.106 15 j{

34.780 *3 9i 5,568 16 n{

*00,416 13 4 299,000 — w

2,919 13 9$ 2,288 16 2 10,184 18 4|.

2,099 18 — 3,050-----

4,631,038 8 6p

3,79*666 *3 4

8,422,705 r ic{

The Amount of Exchequer Bill* issued for the Public Service between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of J«iu*ry 1803 1

and not redeemed within that period * ......

C

ft March 1803.

Sthk. Moore.

884

Appendix

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 31 114* M.

REPORT from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subsci ibed, being concerned in the WOOLLEN TRADE and MANUFACTORIES within the Counties of Someri'et, Wilts, and Gluucelier, was referred.

YOUR Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the matter of the said Petition: To prove the Allegations whereof,

Statute 5 Eliz. c. 4. was read: And,

Mr. Edward Sheppard, Clothier, atUley, inGloucesterfture, upwards of 15 years, being examined, said, That if the said Statute was carried into effect, a very great part of the trade of the County of Gloucester must be loll, as a very great proportion of the Weavers at present employed have not been apprenticed—That in his own Manufactory, at one establishment he employs about seventy-five Weavers, out of which five only have been apprenticed according to the above Statute; that at the other he employs about eighty-three, out of which sixteen have been apprenticed; the greatest proportion are men, some are women. With respect to the Clothworkers he has not one amongst the whole who has been apprenticed seven years; he infers, that if none but legal Weavers were employed, he should lose the major part of his trade—That, notwithstanding the lnlrodtrctten of Spring Looms (which of late years have very much increased the number of Looms) there is not at this time any surplus of competent and good Weavers existing —So necessary is it that the number of Weavers Uiould not bedecreased, the coarse Woollen trade has already been, in a great degree, loft to the County of Gloucester, principally for want of Weavers to carry on that branch of Manufacture, lie conceives that a very short period of time (within a year) is necessary to acquire a proficiency in the art of weaving—That, by the change in the nature of the Woollen Manufactory, in consequence of Machinery, it has been and is necessary to form manufacturing eltaulishments in Villages, where the Advantages of Water and Fall are materially considered; therefore, in such situa-tions, apprenticed Weavers are not to be met with—That, in consequence of the great increase in the demand for Woollen Cloths of late years, a great number of people, of ever)’ description, have embarked in the trade as Clothiers, who have not been apprenticed, and therefore would, by the enforcement of the said Statute, be thrown out of bufi-neis; that he himself has never been so apprenticed, neither does he know any one who has; and he conceives it necessary for the wellbeing of the Woollen Trade, that the Manufacturer should, as occasion required, either from the opening of new Markets, or increased demand in old ones, have it in his power to employ such work people in c '-"v branch as may be requisite—That if Clothiers are refui&ed from tLt employment of workpeople who have not been apprenticed, an extcL'ion of their trade would be inpoftible on any occasion of extraordinary demand—That he believes it to be contrary to the fad, that the number of regular Weavers, able and willing to work at the arawent and usual prices, who are out of employ, is immense, or that their numbers are daily increasing; he speaks only of the County of Gloucester—That, from his own experience, the employment of persons, not regularly apprenticed to the bufmels of Weaving, does not tend to deiiroy the good quality of the Manufacture; that he has never known, or heard till lately, of any prosecutions for enforcing the above Statute—That the number of Apprentices has greatly diminished of late years, which he conceives to be the consequence of the present increase of the Woollen Trade—That, out of the number of Persons employed in both his establishments, he cannot exactly say what proportion are men to the women (as they work at their own houses) but a much greater proportion are men. That by the introduction of the Spring Shuttle, more Cloth has been made, which could not otherwise have taken place from the want of Weavers, as the operation of Weaving is now performed by one person, instead of two, to the great laving of the labour; it being a inealureof the Weavers own adoption, they are paid the fame per piece as before the introduction of the Spring Shuttles—That he gives no preference to apprenticed Weavers, but the very reverse, as they in general are old men—That, as the trade is now carried on, a great many persons are employed as work people, for their own benefit, at an earlier age than they could have been under the operation of the existing Statute, and that more women are now employed in weaving than formerly, in common with the increase of men—That it has not been the practice in Gloucester-shire for persons to be bound Apprentices in Villages (to which it is necessary to resort on account of Water and Fall) nor does he think legal Weavers could have been found to be transferred from one part - of the County to the other, sufficient to take the Apprentices; that he does not think any Apprentices would be bound on the conditions to the Woollen Trade generally, so as to be equally transferred irom one branch of the trade to the other, with those who are now employed as Workmen—That the repeal of the Statute requiring W eavers to serve A pprentice/hips, would certainly not prove miaous to the legal Weavers or their families—'That many Weavers receive work from different Matters, and have many Warps by them at the same time belonging to those different Matters, by which means the return of the work i6 very much delayed, and therefore the number of Weavers is

not in proportion to the quantity of Cloth required to be made.-----

5

Being asked. Whether any Prosecutions had been commenced, or threatened, under the aforesaid Statute? he stated, That there was a Prole-cution at the last Summer Affixes for Gloucesterffiire, but under what Statute he did not know, but he laulerstood that it was compromised by withdrawing a Juror—iie does not know that the Defendant did undertake that in future he would employ none but legal Weavers, or upon what terms, but he knows that a great many Notices have beeit given of Prosecutions against Matter Weavers since, and that Friendly Societies, or Clubs, have been formed with a view to commence Prosecutions against those who life or exercise the'Trade of a Woollen Cloth Weaver illegally: in confirmation of which, the Wit refs produced a Book, intituled, " llulcs and Articles of a Friendly Society, or Club, " called The Woollen Cloth Weavers Society, begun the 24th day of " September 1802; and also, Copy of an Advertisement infer ted in the " Gloucester Journal, September 6th 1802, " calling a Meeting of " One Weaver out of the Pavifh he represents, in order to determine " 011 prosecuting those who unlawfully exercise or follow the Trade of " a Weaver. Signed, Hhli.Jtjjup, Solicitor/'

Mr. Daniel Lloyd, Clothier, at Uley in Gloucestershire, 20 years, being examined, said, That the Woollen Trade would be injured if none but Apprentices were employed, and that they are not belter Workmen than the ordinary Weavers now employed, and that no preference is given to apprenticed Weavers—That he never recollects the Statute relative to Apprentices being enforced—That it is oftentimes necessary for the Manufacturer to have the power of transferring his Workmen to the different places where his huliness is conducted—Thathf does rot know of any Broad Weavers who are competent Workmen, out of employ; such Workmen could earn from 10s. to 12s. per week, on the old system, when two Workmen were en.ployed to eaah Loom; the fame Workman can earn from 185. to 21 a*, per weekp using the improved fyitem of the Spring Shuttle, oy which one Weaver only is employed in a Loom; the Spring Shuttle is not at present uni-vorfally ul>d, but at present he has full employment for all his con* petehL Workmen, with a prolpett of a greater demand for them—-That in his Manufactory the non-ap premised Weavers are eight partp out of nine, and of Cloth Drelfers hr has only one in thirty who bus been apprenticed according to the Statute of Elizabeth—That thf Poor Rates in his neighbourhood have not increased in consequence of employing illegal Workmen, but they certainly would be increased if the present Statute was enforced, by unapprenticed Weavers being thrown out of employ; that he has never been apprenticed to $ Clothier, nor dots he know any person in his line of business who liaSy according to the Statute; he docs not recoiled any other hardships in his Trade relating to Apprentices. And being asked, Whether he was aware of any combinations for commencing prosecutions against tin-apprenticed persons? he laid, that he and his Workmen have received menacing letters threatening to prosecute.

Mr. John Jones, Clothier, at Bradford in Wiltftiire, upwards of 20 years, being examined, said, That the Woollen Trade would most in* questionably be injured, if none but Apprentices were to be employed; that the Art of Weaving is by no means difficult to attain, it being customary for young children to he set in the Loom with their parents, and he conceives the Apprentices are not better workmen than the ordinary Weavers now employed—That he never heard of the Statute relating to Apprentices being enforced until lately, inGIoucestershire; that no preference is given to apprenticed Weavers; that he wa* never apprenticed, neither can he ipeak to any in his line of bulineu who has, according to the Statute of Elizabeth—That it is useful to the Manufacturer to transfer his Workmen to the different places where his business is conducted—That he believes people are now employed at an carlbu* age than they could have been under the existing Law; by the employment of Apprentices, many unappreutred Weavers would be thrown out of employment, particularly female Weavers, who may have been Parish Apprentices, and by the tenor of their indentures being limited for seven years, or until marriage, lcl-dom serve the term prescribed determined by the Statute of Elizabeth; he conceives there are about two parts Female Weavers out of five—That he cannot say exactly the proportion in his Manufactory of apprenticed to unapprenticed Workmen, but imagines the Weavers and Dyers to be about one-third part uuapprenticed ;, most of tine Workmen in the other branches are unapprenticed: that the uuapprenticed Weavers are equally as orderly as the apprenticed Weavers—That Spring Looms have been introduced in Wiltshire, but not in his neighbourhood—That the Poor Rates have not encreased in jiis neighbourhood in consequence of employing unapprenticed Workmen, but they would be very considerably increased, il the Statute in question was enforced, by throwing out of employ the unapprenticed Workmen—That his Workmen come from different Parishee to work, and return to iliofe Purishes to sleep; that in his neighbourhood he believes there is full employment for all Workmen, whether apprenticed or not, and particulurly for Broad Weavers, who, to hi» knowledge, have much

SFOM

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix!

885

work before hand. And being asked, Whether he was aware of any Combinations for commencing Prosecutions? he said, He knew oi several threats for that purpose in the Neighbourhood of Bradford; that he has seen a public Notice in the Newspapers, ligned by a Mr. Frampton, as Solicitor, that all Weavers unapprenticed in Bradford, Trowbridge, and that Neighbourhood, shall be prosecuted if they do not desist from working within a month from the date of such notice; and has also seen a Copy of their Articles, similar to those in Gloucestershire, with the addition of an Undertaking, on the part of Mr. Frampton, to be their Solicitor and President of their Meetings; and has likewise seen a Book of Rules and Orders of the Cloth Workers or Shearmen, printed in the year 180*2, which declares, that after the Date of their Rules, all Apprentices shall be deemed illegal who have not been apprenticed seven years.

Mr. Abraham Lloyd Edridge, Clothier, at Chippenham in Wilt-shire, 25 years, being examined, laid, That the Woollen Trade would certainly be injured, if none but Apprentices were employed; and that the manufacture of l'uperfine Broad Cloth, in the Town wherein he reftdes, has increased within his memory two-fold; consequently the Weavers in that place have not been futlicient to weave the work, and that he has drawn l’upplies of hands from nine and ten miles distance —That in his Manufactory lie thinks the proportion of apprenticed to unapprenticed Workmen, to be two-thirds of the Weavers, but cannot speak with accuracy; the Dyers and Clothworkers are unap-prenticed; that the Apprentices are not better Workmen than the ordinary W orkmen, and no preference is given to apprenticed Weavers —That he has never known or heard when the Statute respe&wg Apprentices, was enforced—That it is indispensably necessary for the Manufacturer to have the power of transferring his Workmen to different places where his business is conduced —That the art of Weaving is by no means difficult to attain; the time r.ecessary for learning, under twelve months—’I hit he has never been apprenticed to his trade, nor does lie know of any Person in his line who has, under the Statute of Elizabeth—That the proportion of women to men employed by him is one woman to three men—That Persons now certainly are employed at an earlier age than they could be under the existing Law; they are employed from five or six years of age—That the Poor Rates in his Neighbourhood have certainly not been increased in consequence of the employment of unapprenticed Workmen, which certainly would have been the case if the present Statute was enforced, by the unapprenticed Weavers being thrown out of employ; that there is certainly full employment for all the Weavers in his Neighbourhood—That the Weavers in general receive work from different Matters, and knows one inllance of a Weaver having the work from five different Clothiers in his house at the same time—That he should be materially injured if he was not fulfered to employ Workmen who have not been regularly apprenticed, because no Broad Weaver residea in his Parish where his* Factory is erected, and he could not have drawn his supply of Weavers in the neighbouring District from the number of apprenticed Weavers—That he cannot tell what is the difference between the proportion of apprenticed to unapprenticed Workmen, when he was first acquainted with the Trade, and the present time.—And being asked, Whether he was aware of any Combinations for commencing Prosecutions ? he lkid, lie was aware of Combinations, but for what purpose he could not say.

Mr. Thomas Joyce, Clothier, at Freshford in Somersetshire, 23 years, being examined, said, That the Woollen Trade would certainly be injured it none but Apprentices were employed—That his Workmen are about one-sixth part apprenticed, the rest are unapprenticed; thab the Apprentices are not better Workmen than the ordinary Workmen now employed—That he never knew till within these few * months any Prosecutions under-the Statute relative to Apprentices; that no preference is given to apprenticed Workmen—That it is elsentially useful to the Manufacturer to have the power of transferring his workmen to the different places where his business is conduced; that all the Work People in his Neighbourhood, from the age of seven years to seventy, both male and female, are employed, and he Employs as many women as men; that children are now employed at an earlier age than they could have been under the existing Law, in consequence of Machinery, and that the art of Weaving is not at all difficult to attain—That he has never been apprenticed, and only knows ot one in his line of business who has for seven years, and three others for five years—That he does not know what is the difference between the proportion of apprenticed and unapprenticed \\ cavers employed when he commenced business, and at the present time—That the Poor Rates in his Neighbourhood have not increased in consequence of the employment of unapprenticed Workmen, on the contrary, they are much ietfened; but would very considerably be increased if the present Statute was enforced, by unapprenticed V\ orkmen being thrown out of employment, and there is now full employment for all descriptions of Weavers in his Neighbourhood— That he does not use the Spring Shuttle, hut it was introduced about two years ago by a Person who had been in the North of England to work; he worked with it only a fow weeks, on account of the riotous VoL. 5#.

4

afieinblage of a mob, who made him reiiilquiih it. And being affied, Whether he had seen any Advertisement signed by Mr. Frampton, allb die Rules and Articles signed by him, as Solicitor and PieJident? he said, lie had.

Appendix,!: (No. 32.) 14* Martii,'

Statute 5 & 6 Edward VI. c. 22. read. continued. .1

Mr. Daniel Llovd, being again examined, said, That he makes use '-----

of the Gig Mill, but cannot lay whether the Gig Mill, now in use in Gloucestershire, is the lame as that described in the above Statute; that since their introduction the Cloths are generally better made.

He manufactures no Fancy Cloths—that die trade has increased in those places where Gig Mills are used to a great degree; the Gig Mill is used in the drolling of Cloth; the ancient mode was, as is now understood, to have been by hand.

Mr. John Wallington, Clothier, at Stinchcombe in Gloucestershire, upwards of 30 years, being examined, said, That he knows only of one Gig Mill now in use, and is not applied for the purpose which is described in the Preamble of the Stat. 5 & 6 Edw. VI. namely, for perching and burling of Cloth. The Gig Mill in Gloucestershire is applied only for the purpose of rowing and moling of Cloth; if it was to be used for burling of Cloth, it would be highly injurious to the fabric, but it is found to be highly beneficial in the rowing and dressing of Cloth; at present the Gig Mills are equal to every good purpose in the rowing and dr effing of Cloth; although the Gig MiH is not used for perching and burling, yet it is capable of being so used. But perching and burling mean different things in different Counties: In Gloucestershire it is an operation performed before the cloth is fulled or milled; in Wilts, the term is used in dressing Cloth after being milled: Cloth, before it is milled, is open and loose, re-fembling flannel; after being milled, it is firm, and of the nature of Felt, and capable of resisting any impression necessary for the dressing of Cloth, it is certainly not for the interest of any Manufacturer to perch and burl Cloth by the Gig Mill, on the contrary, what he would wish to avoid; the Workmen in Gloucestershire would be very unwilling to have them difuled. The Gig Mill does not necessarily ltrain the Cloth more than dressing it by hand; it has a power within \ itself, capable of regulating the force so as to dress Cloths of the moll delicate fabric—That during his experience Spanish Wool has risen 100 per-cent. He uses no English Wools—That the increase of wages has been 100 per-cent, in the Clothworking Branch; and that the increase in the Price of Cloth has been an advance of about 30 per-cent.—That the use of Machinery, principally, is the re&fon in his opinion, that the Prices of Cloth have not increased in the fam* ratio with the Prices of Labour, and the raw material used in the Manufacture—That the introduction of Machinery, in its commencement, did not occasion Persons to be turned out of work in Gloucestershire, other Employment having been tound for those Persons in the Branches where Machinery has been uled; the Woollen Trade of Gloucestershire, during the period of the latt War, certainly could not have been carried on without Machinery—That it the Gig Mill was abolished, the Poor Rates would be much increased—The Cloth made by the Gig Mill now in use is by no means "deceitfully made;" if it was applied to the burling of Cloth, it might, but that is the abuse, not the use of it.—And being asked, Whether he did not conceive himself liable to Prosecutions for uling the Gig Mill under the Stat. Edw. VI. ? he said, He thought he might be liable, and that is the general opinion of the Trade of Gloucestershire.

Mr. John Wanfev, Factor in London, Seller of Cloths near 30 years, being examined, said, That as far as his experience goes, the Cloth drolled in the Gig Mill is the most acceptable in the Home Markets; the reason is, it is foster and mellower, likewise more accurate, and that he can execute his orders with more uniformity than if the Cloth was drelled by hand. Th? Gig Mill likewise renders it more acceptable in Foreign Markets; for instance, some years ago he sent specimens of both kinds of dressing to a Correspondent in Russia, desiring him to select those he approved of most, and to give him (the Witness) the numbers; accordingly he selected about ten, desiring him in future to adhere to that quality; and they were all dressed by the Gig Mill—That he has frequently sent down Cloths to be redrested by the Gig Mill, after he found them unfaleable when, dressed by hand.

Mr. Henry Dyer, Clothier, at Wootton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire, being examined, said, He has been a Manufacturer of Medley Cloths 20 years—That he has used the Gig Mill about ten years, prior to which he dressed by hand; that the Cloths have been very much improved by the Gig Mill, and he believes they have a preference over the Cloths of Wiltshire; Uiat when he dressed by hand he had always a flock of Cloths by him, which at present is quite the reverie, and that his trade has considerably increased in consequence of the new mode of dressing, and which would be most materially injured by abolishing the Gig Mill; that he can now supply his orders more quickly by the use of it; and that there is now full employment for all the Clothworkers in his Neighbourhood—That since the introduction of Machinery, there is much more work for the women and children in the villages than formerly; that upon the first

introduction

le

886

Appendix

A. 1803.

introduction of the Gig Mill, he was not under the necessity of turning away any of his Workmen, neither did any turn themselves away; that if the Gig Mill is properly used, there will he no greater ft refs or draining of the Cloth to as to injure it.—And being asked, Whether there were any Combinations of difeohtented Persons relative to the Gig Mill in his Neighbourhood? he laid, lie was not aware of any in the County.

Mr. Abraham Lloyd Edridge, being again examined, said, That he has used the Gig Mill three years, and that it is not necessary to strain the Cloth more by being drested by it than by hand, but that in every procels it is necessary to strain the Cloth, in a certain degree, to keep the Cloth true and even on its lurfnee; that in the dressing of 1,000 Cloths by the Gig Mill, each Cloth is (trained no more than one yard in twenty—That since the introduction of the Gig Mill, his trade has much increased, and he has not had it in his power to supply the demand for his Cloth in the London Market.

Mr. Edward Sheppard, being again examined, said, That he uses the Gig Mill, but not for perching and burling the Cloth, as it would be injurious if so used; he uses it only for the rowing and mofing of Cloth—That the greater stress or (training of the Cloth, under the operation of the Gig Mill, does not injure the Cloth; that Cloth may be strained without injury about one-twentieth part; that he never had any Cloth rowed wholly by hand, but conceives about three-fourths of labour will be saved by the use of the Gig Mill; the difference in the expence between mofing and rowing any given quantity of Cloth by hand and the Gig Mill, is about one-half less by the Gig Mill—That the Gig Mill has been used in Gloucestershire as long as he can remember, and he does not know of any people wanting work; that if it was not used he could not carry on his business; that the Cloth Trade has increased in those Districts where the Gig Mill is used to a very great extent indeed, and that the trade of Gloucesterftiire has increal'ed, to the prejudice of Wilts and Somerset—That in the rowing of Cloth by the Gig Mill, the Cloth is not " impaired," or w deceitfully madebut that an injudicious mode of managing any part of the manufacture of Cloth may be injurious.—And being asked, Whether he conceived himself liable to Prosecutions under the Statute respecting the Gig Mill? he said, He did.

Mr. John Jones, being again examined, said, That he uses the Gig Mill; and that from what has already happened in Gloucesterftiire, lie is induced to think that the Workmen will find full employment, ^otwithstanding its iiitroduction into Wiltftiire; but if there should be any who would not have full work, a provision has been made for them by the Manufacturers of Wiltftiire and Somersetshire, at a Meeting held at the White Hart Inn at Bath, on the 16th August 1802; viz.

" Unanimousty Resolved, That, for the preservation of the trade of u this part of the Country, it is the determination of this Meeting to " defend the Machinery already introduced, and any which, from its " utility, may be judged advisable hereafter to introduce into the * Woollen Manufacture, against the attacks of any Pdrl'on or Persons " whomsoever; the Manufacturers engaging to find employ for all " Persons in their respective employment in some other branch of the " Manufacture, of which such Perl’on shall be capable, at ample and "■ sufficient wages, in case, by the introduction of Machinery, the fer-" vices of any such Person shall be rendered tin necessary in the particu-" Iar branch of the Manufacture in which they are now or have lately " been employed, so long as such Persons shall demean themselves with " propriety."

And being asked, Whether there will be sufficient employment for the Cloth workers, if the Gig Mill is not permitted to be used ? he said, He conceived not; for many Manufacturers, being aware of the preference given to the Gloucesterftiire Cloths from the use of the Gig Mill, have hem tempted to fend their Cloths into that County to be rowed and moled by that machine, rather than having the fume branch done by hand in Wilts. That the Gig Mill has been lb recently introduced into Wilts, that he cannot speak to the Cloth Trade being increased, but he conceives that, in consequence of the use of it, the Manufacturers in Gloucesterftiire have gained much of the trade from Wilts, on account of the preference given to Cloths drested by the Gig Mill—That is is very possible, by the improper use of any Machine, to injure the Manufacture, as likewise by inattentive Persons working determined by band—That, upon his firit introduction of Machinery, a considerable number of his Workmen refuted to continue their work iiniefs be relinquished the use of the Gig Mill—That he has doubts whether he is liable to Prosecutions under the Statute, respecting Gig ' Mills—That the profi led object of the combinations of the Workmen

in his Neighbourhood was, to prevent the introduction of Gig Mills into Wilts" that hfe had, upon the 26th of July last, a Meeting with several of the Leaders of those Combinations, in the presence of several friends; leven Shearmen were present, and he offered to employ all the men at that period out of work in the Parish of Bradford, and ¥ always to give a preference to the employment of men of the said pariftj, rather limn use Machinery, while any such men should want

Appendix, ;No. 3i.) j 4* Martii, continued.

work; but which offer they rejected, as it was the Resolution of the Shearmen throughout England, Scotland, and Ireland, not to work after Machinery; and one man in particular said, that he would rather be hanged than recommend the Shearmen to accept his offer, or to work after Machinery—That the Shearman is a necessary man for finishing the Cloth for the market, where Shearing Machinery has not generally been introduced: if not used, he musc be employed—That several outrages have been committed in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, particularly in July and August last, and many since.

Mr. George Wanfey, of Warminster in Wiltshire, being examined,

said, That he has been a Clothier 10 years, but lately out of business_

That the Gig Mill first began to be introduced into Warminster in the month of April or May last; the reason was, the bad manner in which the drefting of Cloth was performed by the old mode, and that the Gig Mill still continues; that if it does not continue in Warminster he thinks more than three parts in four of the Cloth now made there will be sent to London and other places, in order to be drested determined by the Gig Mill, as has hitherto been the cafe—That the Cloth Trade has begun to revive since part of the Shearmen have returned to their Mailers, and have consented to work after the Gigs.—Being asked, Whether he knew of any Combinations in consequence of the introduction of the Gig Mill? lie laid, There were nearly three-fourths of the Shearmen who quitted their Masters, and refused to work upon Cloth after the Gig Mill—That with respect to their riotous disposition, there are now four persons in the different Gaols convicted for Assaults and Riots; and that many Barns and Outhouses of the Clothiers have been burnt, and guns have been fired at night into the houses of the Clothiers, and their Workmen, who had become obnoxious on account of using the Gig Mill.—And,

The Witness produced to the Committee, Copy of a Proclamation, signed by His Majesty's Secretary of State, reciting the various out-rages committed, and offering a great reward for detection; which was read. The Witness further dated—That each Clothier has endeavoured to prevail on his own Men, by offering to secure them ample Wages, by employing them in some-branch of the Trade—That in consequence of those riotous proceedings, the principal part of the Clothworking branch has been transferred to London, Bath, and other Places—That in numerous instances, Workmen who were willing to work have been deterred from so doing, from fear of the conl'equences arising from those Combinations.

Mr. William Sheppard, Clothier, at Frome in Soirierfetshire, about 14 years, being examined, said, That in all Markets, both Horne and Foreign, the preference given to Gloucestershire Cloths was so very evident, that he found it necessary to fend the whole of his Broad Cloths near ninety miles weekly to be drested by the Gig; since the introduction of the Gig, his Stock is lessened, and the Cloths are wonderfully improved—That the necessity was so great, that last year and the present he has been obliged to accept Orders to a very large amount, delivered in an unfiniftied state, after being milled, so that the Merchant wdio received them had them drested by the Gig after his own manner—That he (the Witness) tried every thing in his power to finiili them himself, but found it impoffibie; and rather than give up the Orders, acceded to the terms—That, the introduction of the Gig Mill will be highly beneficial, and that he has engaged to his Workmen that he will employ them at 145. per week as long as they are able to work.—And being asked, Whether he knew of any Combinations of any Workmen, in consequence of any attempt to introduce the Gig Mill into his neighbourhood? he said, That meetings of Shearmen are privately held to receive Subscriptions so as to provide for those out of employ, and they produce a ticket to entitle them to their weekly pay.

Mr. Richard Bowflier, Solicitor at Bath, being examined, said, That he does not know of any prosecutions being commenced against the Clothiers for aling the Gig Mill, but has been informed by Mr. Wilmot, Solicitor for the Shearmen in Wiltshire, that he has received instrue-tions to commence actions against such Manufacturers who persevere in using the Gig Mill.

Statutes & 3 Philip A' Mary, c. ir Sec. a & 3. read.

Mr. Edward Sheppard being again examined, said, That Manufacturers living in Towns are not restricted in the number of Looms they shall keep, neither are the Weavers so dwelling restricted in the mim her of their Looms; and that he carries on his bulincls in a Village in common with a great part of the Manufacturers of Gloucestershire; and that the Manufacture in Gloucesterftiire is carried on to a much , greater extent in Villages than Towns; that it is necessary to carry; it on in Villages, in consequence of the advantages of Water and Falls—That many Weavers residing in Villages in his Neighbourhood employ more than two Looms in their houses; and that it is necessary, in carrying on the Manufacture to its present extent, that Clothiers and Weavers living in Villages should have the fame advantages as those living in Towns—That if the Statute was entorced, there would be many Weavers thrown out of employ; and likewise a great reduction in the quantity of Cloth mailuiaChired—That the Weavers he employs have hitherto worked at their own lajoms at 1 Ionic 1 bat

Appendix.

887

43 Geo. III.

he does not let out Looms for Hire—That in some inffances, bill not generally, the Clothier gladly gives up the trouble of superintemlence, imd the expences of erecting Buildings, when he can get the work done well otherwise; the principal motive of those Clothiers who ba\e weaving at home is to guard Lbemselves from those Embezzlements which take place to an enormous extent in the houses of the Weavers—That he has not heard of any Prosecutions, till lately, under the Statute, and he does not believe that any part of the object of the Weavers Association is the prevention of Embezzlement, but he believes they have offered a reward to those who will inform against Embezzlement—That in the infiances of the Weavers working at the Manufactories of their Matters they have not far to return Home, they in general live near the Manufactory they are employed at—That without doubt, he conceives it is prejudicial to the morals of people to assemble them together in Manufactories in common with all other assemblies of people, but this would not be so dangerous as other assemblies of people, as each Weaver would be confined to his own Loom, and but few Looms could be contained in one room—That there is one branch of morals which he conceives would be materially benefited by the employment of Weavers under the eye of the Matter, namely honesty; and he speaks from experience, that those Parishes most remote from the ini’pedion and superintendence of a Head are the most vicious; and that Embezzlements, and all the evils of night-work and immorality connected with it, prevail in such places to an enormous extent—That he conceives himself liable to Prosecutions under the Statute reflecting his carrying on business as a Clothier in a Yil-lage—That if the Statute is repealed, he does not think that the Looms would increase to a very great degree.

Mr. John Jones, being again examined, said, That he carries on his business in a Village; and that the Manufacture is carried on to some extent in Villages, but not so generally as in Towns, becauiethe introduction of Machinery, and theeredion of Mills upon Water Falls, were but recent—That there were many Weavers in his Neighbourhood who employed more than two Looms; that it was necessary for the purpose of carrying on the Manufacture to its present extent, that Clothiers and Weavers living in Villages should have the fame advantages as those living in Towns; and that by enforcing the Statute, many Weavers would be turned out of employ—That he does not let out Looms to rent—He never heard of the Statute being enforced; but bad been told that a Manufacturer in the neighbourhood of Bradford bad been threatened to be prosecuted under the Statute for having two Looms in his house; he was told so by the Manufacturer himself; he (the Witness) was of opinion, that the consequence of the general enforcement of the Statute at the present time would be, a great decrease of the Woollen Manufacture of the Country—He said, That the Weavers in general had hitherto worked at their Looms at home in his Neighbourhood—That he remembered but one effablishment where Weavers worked at a Factory in Wilts, and that in that infiance they had not far to go, the Manufactory being in a Borough Town—That, in his opinion, all large assemblies were liable to inconveniencies, but he was not aware that large bodies of Manufacturers were more prone than others to a corruption of morals, especially in Villages, where there exited fewer inducements to idlencis and vice than in market and other Towns, in which Factories were allowed to ex ill by the Statute—That Weavers who worked at private Looms were guilty of Embezzlement; and that he knew a recent instance where a great many Weavers were informed against for Embezzlement, and that a very confulcrable quantity of Yarn was discovered in their houses, upon which they were convicted and confined in the County Gaol; and that, as a Magi (Irate, he has had frequent complaints made to him upon this subject—That he had heard that one of the avowed objects of the Weavers in their Association was, the prevention of Embezzlement; and had seen an Advertisement in the papers, signed by a Mr. Jessop, offering a small (reward for a discovery of such offenders—" That-he is not aware of any " speeies of oppreliion to which the Weavers were subject in conie-" quence of the rich and wealthy Clothiers letting up and keeping in u their houses divers Looms; the rale and wages of hire were not’ " thereby reduced; neither were the Weavers who pofflffed private u Looms thereby forced to forsake the occupation in which they | " were brought up."

Mr. Thomas Joyce, being again examined, confirmed all the lass evidence, so far as it relates to Somersetshire; except that he is not a Magistrate, and of course did not hear fnnilar complaints to those brought before Mr. Jones.

Mr. John Vizard, Solicitor at Durfley in Gloucestershire, being examined, said, That he had not in his profession known of any Prosecutions of Weavers lor embezzlement of Yarn, but had known several Prosecutions of persons who had received Yam from Weavers which had been embezzled. In the latter end of the year 1801, he had attended the conviction of eleven persons for having received embezzled Yam from eight Weavers; lie had attended on many former occasions similar convictions; in which it appeared Embezzlement was carried on to a very great extent, and in every instance the offender was con-vided by the evidence of an accomplice.

The Statutes

5 & 6 Edw. VI e. 6.^ ‘2 & 3 Phil. & Mary c. 12.

4 be 5 Phil.& Mary c. 5.

43 Eliz. c. 10.

4 Ja* I. c. 2. V

21 Jus I. c. 18.

10 Ann c. 16.

1 Geo. I. ff. 2. c. 15.

Respecting the length, breadth, and weight ot Cloth; the tentering, liretcli-ing, and ltraining; and the viewing and walking, and sealing of them by Searchers, Overseers, and Inspecturs, &c.;—

13 Geo. I. c. 23.

13 Rd II. c. 11. - - - Respecting the sale of Cloths tacked or

folded;—

3 Hen. VII. c. 11.

27 Hen. VIII. c. 13. 33 Hen. VIII. c. 10.

5 & 6 Edw. VI. c~ 6.

‘21 Ju* I. C. l8.

5 & 6 Edw. VI. c. 6.

43 Eliz. c. 10.

2i Ja‘ I. c. 18.

Respecting the exportation of Cloths unbarred, unrowed, or umhorn;—

Respecting the pressing of Cloth ;—

Respecting the boiling of Wool with certain Ingredients;—

Respecting the Prohibition of the Uses of Lambs Wool;— t

were feverully read.

Append: (No. 32 14* Martii

continued

Mr. Edward Sheppard, being again examined, tfated, That he did not manufacture his Cloths agreeably to the regulation of the Statutes respecting their breadth, length, and weight, because it was necessary to regulate the fame according to the different Markets which are supplied, which Markets require a very great variety—That the Manufacturer, who is the most interested in maintaining the credit of his Cloth, will take care not to stretch or {train it in an undue or injurious manner—That he had never known of such a person as a Searcher or Overseer, and had never known the appointment of any Inspector in the County of Gloucester; blit has heard there are such persons in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset—That he has found no inconvenience from not having such an appointment in his district; the reputation of his Cloths ha3 progressively and largely increased, and there never had been such an appointment—That if the Inspector did perform the duties of his office, the process of the Manufacture would be suspended, to its great inconvenience and injury—That Cloths and Colours of certain descriptions would be impaired; and that great delay would be occasioned in the execution of orders, and the Workmen in fubie-quest branches of the Manufacture would he often at a ffand. He thought the intereil of the Manufacturer a security for the fairness of his fabric; and the experience of the prosperity and perfection of the Woollen Trade in the County of Gloucester, where no such Inspector had been, proved that such was sufficient. He further ffated, That he exported Cloths tacked and folded, without their being opened by the Buyer; and that it was necessary it should be so exported, as the Manufacturer could not supply a foreign Customer who had an opportunity of examining the Cloths, and of deducting for any deficiency, before he paid for them. He objected to the Statutes prohibiting the exportation of Cloths unbarred, unrowed, or unihorn, because many Cloths of different kinds wen4 made and completed for exportation that were never barbed or Ihorn, such as Beavers, Coatings, Swans-dovvns, and others; Inch Cloths never wanted to*be Ilium, lie objected to the regulation forbidding the use of the Hot-prcl's, because Cloths would not be saleable unless they were hot-pretled; the whole of the Cloths for the Foreign Market, and the greatest part for Home consumption, were required to be hot-prelied; they would not be saleable without it. He deemed it necclVary for the Woollen Trade, that the Wool should be boiled with the ingredients forbidden by the Ad, because the improvements in Chemiffry, and the improvement in the art of Dying, had established the use of ingredients of that defci iption in many colours. He likewise objected to the reltridion of the use of Lambs Wool in the making of Cloth, because it was found by the improvements in Machinery, and the progress of /kill in Manufacture, that Lambs Wool might be used to eonfulerable advantage in certain Cloths, which Cloths obtained their relative value.

Mr. Thomas Joyce, being again examined, said, He did not nianu-facture his Cloths agreeably to the Statutes respecting length, breadth, and weightr —That he had never known the appointment of a Searcher, or ever seen one in his country—That he has known of an Inspector appointed in his district, and that his duties were to attend the Mill, to measure the length and breadth of Cloths, to attend the Tenters for ffraining the Cloths, and letting the lengths; but those duties were never performed—'That during the time he had been in business, he had never had a Cloth me a lured or sealed by any Inspector, who only attended twice ayear, to receive his Two-pence per piece, and annually went to the Quarter Sessions, and swore that he had executed his duty —That the Inspector who now received the money from his neighbourhood was a Shoemaker. He thought that if the Inspector performed the duties of his office, great inconvenience would result to the Manufacturer, who would be obstruded in the execution of his orders, and many times it would be a means of throwing many of the Workmen out of employ—That the intereil of the Seller was sufficient fe-

curity

888

Appendix

A. 1803.

curity to the Buyer and the Public for fair dealing in the Manufacture, without the superintendence of an Inspector.

Mr. John King, of Freffiford in Somersetshire, Millman 40 years, being examined, laid, That he saw an Inspector attend at Lullington and Clifford Mills; about thirty-three years ago those Mills belonged to the same person, and he was apprenticed there seven years; the Inspector used to measur and seal the Cloths. lie left those Mills about twenty-nine years ago, and had been in the business ever (ince, except about seven years that he was in service; since which time he bad been at other Mills six years—That the lnl’pe&or lived from Lullington and Clifford Mills about one mile—That he never had seen an Inspector attend any Mill for the purpose of meaiiiring, since he left Lullington and Clifford Mills, although he had lived at nineteen Mills since he left those Mills—That he has' fcen an Inspector at some of those Mills receive the Two-pence per piece, and had furnished the Inspector with an account of the Cloths fulled at his Mill, in order that he might receive the same from his Muller; and that he never observed any different mode of fulling Cloths at the Mills where the Inspector attended, and at those wlieru-he did not attend.

Mr. William Sheppard, being again examined, dated, That it was impossible to manufacture his Cloths agreeably to the Statutes, as to N length, breadth, and weight—That he did not think it necessary that

the l'tretching and draining of Cloth should be reliri&ed by Law, because the variety of Cloths made since the passing of the Statute, in their lengths, breadths, and weights, the different Markets required different lengths, breadths, &c.;.the Turkey Trade, the lined and thinned Cloths; Ladies Cloths a degree thicker; the Ead and West Indies a degree thicker; the Russia Trade more so; Superfine thicker dill; Double Milled Superlines, the thicked of all, also a description 0# Cloths caHed Ratteens, of a narrower make—That he had never known of the appointment of a Searcher or Overseer, but there was a person called an Inspector appointed in his diffrid; he was not a man of (kill in the manufacture of Cloth; that he never had in his time affixed any seal to any of his (the Witness's Cloths, or shewn any disposition so to do; that he never had seen him measure his Cloths, which be sometimes mud have seen had it been his usual pradice— That if the Inspector performed the duties of his office, the greated inconvenience would result to the Manufacturer; it would be the means, in case of any delay on his part, to detain the execution of orders, particularly for exportation when Ships were on the point of failing; it would also suspend the progress of the Trade, and throw out of employment the remaining branches of the Manufacture; also, in particular coloui's, cause a damage in consequence of such delay, the Cloths being in a wet date—That it certainly was the intered of every Manufacturer to keep up his own credit, or his trade mud decline in consequence of any unfair means being used; no Inspector therefore, was necessary—That he has exported Cloths tacked and folded, without their being opened by the Buyer; and that it was necessary they should be so exported—That he objected to the Statutes forbidding the Manufacturers to export Cloths tacked and folded; to export them unbarbed or unfliorn; forbidding the use of the Hot^press; of certain ingredients in boiling; and of Lambs Wool in making Cloth, precisely upon the fame grounds as were dated by Mr. Sheppard.

Mr. John Jones being again called in, the Came quedions were put ro him as to Mr. William Sheppard; and his answers were in effect, though not in words, precisely the fame; with this addition, That he believed the Insepctors swore that they would execute the office according to the Laws ajid Statutes of the Realm.

Mr. Edward Sheppard, being again examined, laid, That the Cloth now manufactured in the Wed of England was made from Words of the growth of the United Kingdom, of Spain, and other Foreign Countries; and that Spanish Wool was not, he believed, used till after the passing of the Statutes relating to the weights of Cloth —He laid,' it was the practice of the Manufacturers in the Weft of England to expose their Goods for sale in open Fairs and Markets, similar to what is now practised in Yorksfiire—He understood the Manufacturer in the Weft of England to have formerly been the maker only; he exposed his Goods to sale in open Fair or Market; and the duty of the Inspector, and the regulations with respect to lengths, appear-to have been designed for the security of the Purchaser, who generally, if not wholly, bought his Goods in such Fair or Market; it was the custom to pay for them at the time of purchase; and by the Statutes it appeared, that the Cloths were generally sold by the piece to hold out a certain length, which the Inspector certified, and the purchaser was therefore enabled to close the Contract on the spot. The Clothier in the Well of England was now the Merchant, and deals immediately with his Foreign Customer, or mediately through a Fador or Merchant at Home. He said. There were great varieties in Cloths, most of which have been introduced since the restridive Statutes, principally owing to the introduction and use of Spanish Wool; each Country which is supplied requiring a variety in the forts and substanees oi Cloths in their lengths and breadths, according to their wants or habits — That the Cloths which had been 5

manufactured by him during his experience of the trade, had been carried on without the controul or reference to any Legislative Regulations or Reltridions—That the Woollen Trade, since he had been con- " cerned in it, had increased to a very great extent in the County wherein he lived—That the number of Clothiers had very much increased, and consequently the competition obliged every Manufacturer to give redoubled attention to his credit, in order to rival and excel his Competitors—That he ascribed the increase of Trade to the introduction of Machinery, which had established a fyftcin of Manufacture differing widely from that formerly adopted; many Manufacturers had erected Mills and Buildings to a great extent, for the pin-poles of their Trade, the permanent value of which Property depends on the credit and extent of the Woollen Trade. The Witness further Hated, that he had attended a Meeting of the Manufacturers of Gloucesterffiire, who adopted Resolutions which were agreedTo by the principal Manufacturers of that County, for which lie acted as Chairman; a Committee was by them appointed to apply to Parliament, to represent the evils, and to request the repeal of fwch Statutes as appeared to be injurious to the Woollen Trade, and to flute the sentiments and fituu-tion of the Clothiers in the County of Gloucester on that subject; that the first Meeting was not numerously attended, but the figuatures to the Resolutions of the Meeting had been alniofl universal among the Manufacturers of Gloucesterffiire.

The Resolutions, confirming the said Statement, were produced to the Committee; and read.

And the Witness being again asked, Whether the Statutes were ft ill in force, and wished by the Master Clothiers so to be continued, which inflicted a Penalty on them for paying their Workmen in Goods, instead of Money ? he said, It was in existence, and by no means the wiffi of the Mailer Clothiers to have it repealed.

Mr. John Jones, being again examined, confirmed, in every particular, the telliniony of Mr. Sheppard as to the mode of making and felling of Cloths; the increase of the Trade; the cause of that increase; and the great property vested in the Woollen Trade. He added, that he had attended a general Meeting of the Clothiers in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, upon several occasions; they were numerously attended—That the first meeting was for the purpose of entering into subscriptions for the prosecution of the perpetrators of the various x Outrages committed in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset; subsequent Meetings were for the fame purpose, and also to consider of the propriety of an application to the Legislature to repeal certain old Laws, which it was understood were threatened to be enforced by the Workmen against the Manufacturers. lie said, there was a Penalty on paying the Workmen in Goods instead of Money; and said, that there were several Statutes which declare it to be illegal lor Clothiers to pay their Workmen otherways than in Money; and the Ad 29 Geo. II. had increased the Penalties to £. 20 for every offence—That it never was the intention of the Manufacturers to desire a repeal of this Law; and he had always understood it to be their general wiffi at their public Meetings rather to have the Penalty increased than done away—That he had been Chairman of those General Meetings; at one of which Mr. William Sheppard, Mr. Abraham Lloyd Edridge, Mr. George Wanley, Mr. Thomas Joyce, and himself, were appointed a Committee to conduct any Prosecutions, and an application to Parliament. [A Book of Resolutions in proof of this appointment was produced.] That those Meetings were not convened by public advertisement; but the Solicitor, upon all occasions, gave notice by letter to the several Members of the Meeting, it being considered uullife for a public notice to be given of a Meeting, an apprehension being entertained that some violence might be attempted upon the persons of the Members on their return from such Meeting—That the principal Woollen Manufacturers of Wilts and Somerset were usually present at such Meetings, with an exception only of one house of any respectability, which has declined to subscribe or j >in the Members. [The original Resolutions with the figuatures of the several Manufacturers, confirmed this Statement.]

Mr. William Sheppard, being again examined, also confirmed the testimony of Mr. Edward Sheppard and Mr. Jones, as to the mode of making and felling of Cloths; the increai*: of the Trade; and the cause of that increase; and the great property vested in the Woollen Trade; and added—That the population of the manufacturing Towns is much increased; but as for very distant Parishes, he cannot speak-7-That he is so necesfitaled from the want of Workmen, as to have applied to the Overseers of hisPariffi, for some months pafr, to fend him such as apply for relief to be employed in the Woollen Manufacture; and that he also fends Wool into different Pantiles to be picked from the want of Hands.

John Maitland, Esquire, Merchant and Warehouseman, since January 178*2, Basinghall-street, being examined, said, That lie imports Spanish Wool, and buys and fells Cloth—That he cannot absolutely say, that if two pieces of Cloth were laid before him, one dressed by the Gig Mill, and the other by hand, that he could positively determine the difference, although he thought he could—That he has no doubt whatever of the importance of Machinery in the manufacture

of

Appendix, (No. 32.)

} 4* Mar tit, continued.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

889

of Cloth, and is perfectly satisfied, that, if it had not been introduced, the prices of Cloth would have been so increased by the advanced price of ull the Raw Materials, that our Foreign Trade would have been very materially injured—That since persons had become fkilfnl in the use of Machinery, Cloths so drelfed have the preference both in the Home and Foreign Markets—That if the Law, requiring Cloth not to be exposed to Sale if tacked and folded, was carried into effect, it would undoubtedly operate to the inconvenience of the Trade, as a great number of the Manufacturers supply the Country Shopkeepers and the Export Merchant—That if the sealing of Cloth, as required by Law, was possible to be carried into universal effect, in his opinion it would be a wholefoine and salutary regulation, because it would ascertain, without dilpute, the bond fide lengths of Cloth, under which they could not ihrink; but he is extremely apprehensive, from its not being performed at all in Gloucestershire, and by no means regularly in Wilts and Somerset, that it could not eatily be carried into efl'ett. —That he does not find Cloth more subject to (brink since the use of Machinery than it did before.—That his House subscribed £. 50 to promote the objects of the Petitioners, which was followed by almost all the relpedable wholesale Houses in London. The original Sub-(cription was for the Prosecution of the Rioters of the Weft of England, and afterwards, by desire of the Committee of Manufacturers, was agreed to be applied towards the Expences of the Petition, by all, I think, except the Houses of Stretfield and W ell, and Charles Brurif-don—'1 hat he has no doubt, that a Trade is more easily removed if carried on by Machinery, as it requires but a few skilful people to con-dud it; whereas the Woollen Manufactory carried on l'olely by hand, requires a whole did net to be long and regularly trained to the business —That he isv clearly of opinion, that if Machinery was laid aiide, that there would not have been found Hands enough to manufacture any thing like the quantity of Cloth that has been wanted for Home and Foreign Consumption.

Charles Brooke, Esquire (a Member), Basinghall-street, Merchant, being examined, laid, That the nature of his business is chiefly in the Sale of Spanish Wool and.Superfine Cloth.—And being asked, Whether he had any information to give respecting the Petition of the Clothiers for the; repeal or alteration of divers Statutes? he said, That he conceived it would be materially detrimental that any Laws should be repealed which tend to protect the Labourers in the different branches of the Manufactory—That it appeared to him that extreme caution will be necessary in repealing certain reltriCtive acts, of which the Manufacturers justly complain; that others which tend to protect the Labourers, be not blended in that repeal—That at one period of the War, he believes between 1797 and 1799, from the scarcity of Spanish Wool, the Labourers could not be employed in the Manufacture of Superfine Cloth; and at that period a great number of the Manufacturers enrolled themselves in the Militia, and entered in the Army. Subsequent to that period, the large importation of Spanish Wool, and confulemble orders for Cloth, called for the increased introduction of Machinery; and that he conceives, at the present period, those Men who have retnnied to the Clothing Towns, and are capable of reluming their

employment, should have that given them before any further addi-j tions are made to Machinery; that those Men should, he conceives, in every degree, be protected at this period, when offers are made to induce Manufacturers to quit the Country, in order to establish the Manufacture in Spain with all the advantages to be derived from Machinery. That it is a fact within his own knowledge, that a Manufacturer who is competent to introduce and establish the Manufactory, on the footing in which it is conducted in this Country, may have 1,000 guineas per Annum secured to him for a certain number of years, or a portion of the advantages to be derived from the Manufactory, at his option. That as a case in point with the Court of Spain, and to shew the good faith they have preserved, under fnnilar circumstances, with other Manufacturers, some years fmee, about the year 1780, a Tanner was induced to go to Spain, and was offered by that Government every facility to ei'tablish his business on a large scale; he Itated, that a large capital would be necessary; which was furnished him, the Witness believes, to the amount of ^.60,000; that a proper situation would be necessary to establish the business, and he was desired to travel the country, and to fix on any situation most likely to answer the purpose; that he was in conl'equence put in poll'elTion of a convent, at a short dilhmce from Seville; the Friars of the Order of St. Jago were removed to a different situation, to make room for the Labourers he thought necessary to bring from England; that nearly 40 English families did in consequence settle there, protected in their religious principles, and allowed every requisite for their comfort and convenience; and that this establishment has so far succeeded, that the Export of Tanned Leather, which at that time was very considerable, is now reduced to a very inconlidcrable quantity.—To shew how much interested Spain is in the cliablishment of the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth on the principle in which it is conducted by Machinery, it mud be observed, that the Raw Material, namely, Spanish Wool, can be procured at One-third less than here; and that Oil and Soap, two other material articles in the Manufacture, may be obtained at very little more than half the cod in this Country; and consequently, if our Labourers, from want of employment, are driven to seek that in another Country which they are deprived of here, we mud naturally lose our Foreign Trade for this article of Superfine Cloth, which can be rendered so much cheaper in Spain—That without the introduction of Machinery into Spain, he conceives it impraClicable for them to rival this Country in the manufacture of Cloth—That if Machinery was established in any other Country, this Country could not support a competition in the Foreign Market—That he has heard from the Report of Manufacturers themselves, that Persons are out of employment in consequence of the use of Machinery, hut does not know it as a fact—That he has never publickly pledged himself to use his endeavours to prevent the further introduction of Machinery. He never had any communication with the Labourers in any branch of the Manufacture—That he cannot date particularly as to those Restrictions of wdiich the Manufacturers judly complain, but they are those which preclude the Exportation of unfliom Cloth, and as to the meufuring and folding of Cloth, and others.

Appendix^ (No. 3*.), 140 Martiif%

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Cotton Wool Exported from this Country between the Years 1790 and 1802; distinguishing the Quantity

in each Year, and to what Parts exported.

Countries. 179°. 1791. 1792. 1793- 1794* 1795- 1796. 1797- 1798. 1799. 1800. 1801. 1802.

lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. - lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs.

Denmark - - - - 3-976 2,050 700 900 11,628 26,937 9,092 3,000 23,293 L531 43,108 25,850 68,447

Rullia - 4,354 896 7,191 —* —

Sweden - - - -Poland - - - - 2,560 6,889 10,803 13.4°5 18,447 63,773 14,664 5*547 645 1,473 55,536 33,530 42,369 553

Prussia ----- 1,279 300 760 - - - 1,760 8,311 335 41,937

Germany - - - - 11 11 i4,767 . 3,201 - - - 198,068 403,113 606,211 27>37 333,288 99,792 - - - 3,720,489 1,567.373 550,785

Holland - - - - 4’9°7 654 497.989 99,739 - 174,566 - . - - - . 9,071 674 H,907

Flanders - - 3t>,122 717 - - - 25.090 33,680 247,928

France - - - - 42,221 408,250 76.383 121,587 1,850 24,105 3,200 1,790,236

Portugal and Madeira 50 60,372 6,045 —

Spain and Canaries ——

ifc'y 2,250 —

Turkey - - - - 1,397 — _ ——

Ireland .... 769>3’3 297,277 1,062,869 358,452 658,143 452,937 54L838 88,151 468,498 841,617 480,413 223,359 930,879

Isle of Man - - - 16,200 4,180 200

liles ----- 300 16,000 - - 38,627

States of America - 3>oi3 42,819 56

Bh Conti Colonies l,2l6 2,000 900 6l2

Bh West Indies - - 400 325 250

Africa 589 - - 300 300 8,380 - - - 600 — — —

Total - - 844*154 363.44* 1.485.465 1.171.56611 >349,950 1 ',193,737 694,9621 609,058 j 601,139 844,671 4,416,610 1,860,872 3,727,280

Appc (No. 21* il

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London, > 2 id March 1803. )

Vol. 38.

10 R

William,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

890

Appendix

A. 1803

appendix,

l'<0- 33) 1* Mar continued.

As ACCOUNT of the Quantity of C OTT O X TWIST, or YARN, exported from this Country, between the Years 1790 ami 180-2; dithnguifluiig the (quantity in each Year, and to what Parts Exported.

COUNT It IES. WO0* 1791- 1792. >793- W94* 1795. 1796.

C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lbs. 1 C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs.

O 2 ‘2©

Germany - 1328 358 3 0 54 0 H

Holland - 20 2 4

Portugal and Madeira - 152 2 7

Ireland - - . 3,081 1 27 4-344 3 27 7*797 1 *5

States of America - * 12 3 12 13 1 16 -

Total - - - * - - - - . - 3,129 O 21 4,869 2 22 7,851 u 21

( continued.)

COUNTRIES. W97* W 98. W ’99* 1800. 1801. 1802.

C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. c. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs. C. qrs. lbs.

Denmark - - >7 3 12 - - - 87 2 O 28 0 0 3* 2 0 10 0 0

39 3 442 1 3 197 O 0 1,^35 2 0

2 O 0

3 0 O 5 0 0 5 O 0 20 0 0

Prussia - - - 6 0 0 86 0 O 478 0 0 64 2 12 154 3 0

Germany - 41 2 10 2,769 0 24 19>33‘2 1 21 44,610 l 18 44*719 2 19 34*197 1 3

Holland - - - - 33 3 20 1,420 1 1

Co 0 0

1 2

Portugal and Madeira - 133 3 20 292 0 11 9°9 1 O 75 2 0 12 0 0 273 3 2

Spain and Canaries 70 0 0 0 5,447 0 26

Italy ----- 428 O O - - - 151 0 0 183 1 27

130 0 0

Ireland L39i 0 9 3,97° 1 5 9,926 l Q 8,107 2 11 4>H5 2 19 10,554 3 9

I He of Man - - - 4 0 0 0 l 8 0 3 16 9 2 10 16 0 0

Kies ----- 72 0 0

States of America - - - 8 1 26 - - - 2 2 20 4 0 24 18 0 16 10 3 1

Bh Conti Colonies - 20 0 0 - - - 0 0 20

Bh West Indies - - - 9 0 0 2 0 0

Total - - - - 1,592 3 21 7>°5° 2 12 30,815 1 26 j 53>7/i 3 16 50,067 0 12 53*913 1 7

Inspector General’s Office, Y Custom House, London, > 2ift March 1803. j

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain,

6* Maii Ax ACCOUNT of the Duties received on BRITISH COTTON TWIST and YARN Imported into Ireland, from

1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

r '

From 25th March 1800 to 5th January Ye.tr ending 5th January ——

- - Ditto - - - D® ——

Inspector General of Imports and Exports Office, 7 Cultoni House, Dublin, 29th April 1803. 3

1790

1791

1792

1793

1794 >795 >796 *797 >798 >799

1800

1801

1802

1803

AMOUNT

of

DUTY.

£■ 5.5° >>455 2,1/5 2,370 1,2(3(5 2,289 4,282 5, H8 3,605

9,500

22,8)9

12,112

9,782

21,727

n

H

9

1

*3

7

9

1 15 18

*7

2

9

d.

H

7k

H

H

"k

2

2 6

3 10 10

6

R. MarJ})all9

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

43 Geo. Ill* Appendix. 891

Appendix;

Ax ACCOUNT of the\ulue of I N DIA COTTON GOODS Exported from this Country from 1790 to 1802, inclusive; (No.

distinguishing each \ ear, and the several Countries to which they were Exported. continued,

-----—-----——— ----- 9* Mali.

N AMES OF TH 1. COUNTRIES. 179 * 1792. *793. 1794- 1795; 1796.

£ s. d. £■ s. d. s. d. £- s. d. £ s. d. £■ $. d.

Denmark - - 5,184 7 8 *2.931 2 4 6 16 — 41 13 4 9,740 13 — 3,794 19 —

Rullia - - - 174,175 19 5 23(1,2 18 2 5 64,740 14 0 *13.17* 6 5 182,530 — l 180,147 19 8

Sweden - - 1,258 10 10 6,759 3 2 1,410 lj — 7°3 13 — 666 — — 2,920 10 10

Poland 4,355 9 2 1,960 l6 —

Prussia - - - 6,761 10 4 23,579 19 11 6,608 18 10 28,674 11 — 46,491 6 11 26,294 13 —

Germany - - 239,060 1 10 27U753 — — 190 & 3 5 11 65.3^57 1*2 5 1,224,974 15 6 1,352,68 9 12 10

Holland - - 200,977 7 1 192,053 3 8 303^30 7 7 36.5,747 l6 — - - 55,743 5 8

Flanders - - 205,020 13 11 387,304 ‘2 — *77>7'* 4 3 208,829 2 9 - - 1,708 1 —

France - - 9-2,320 ]3 4 195,589 9 10 53H86 16 0 -

Portugal and Madeira - 353 11 229 10 — ‘200 13 — 701 H 7 20,050 10 6 4,368 5 7

Spam and Canaries - - 34*71*2 19 6 34,584 18 10 10,140 16 8 26,747 18 0 O 33,422 3 4 60,567 8 2

Streiglus and Gibraltar - - 2,490 12 6 j ,580 19 6 M33 11 — 2.528 — * 8 8,213 8 6 3,991 6 11

Italy - - - 2 8,v~2 9 11 36,348 2 7 17,802 1 — 27,850 11 8 25,655 13 3 17,729 13 3

Turkey - - 28,683 2 8 47,691 12 4 15, H1 7 10 11,973 — 8 6,167 12 8 14,001 7 7

Ireland - - 10,685 16 9 10,727 18 6 4*939 10 7 7,558 8 8 6,091 1 8 5-904 11 6

Ides, Guernsey, Jersey, and Man 6,261 16 2 7,629 H 3 1L354 15 11 23,003 H 7 29,084 — 4 22,780 19 U

Matos or America - - - 36,232 1 — 36,61s 3 8 ‘26,645 17 10 31,307 17 7 59.477 1 8 79,490 2 10

Hntdh Continental Colonies - 14,498 H 1 18,962 H 11 20,001 6 4 14,510 5 10 19,516 5 9 18,454 18 5

Jintish West Indies - - 21,101 3 3 18,652 H 1 17,^59 12 7 52,573 2 2 - 35,646 13 8 7°,79 9 10

Conquered Itlar.ds - 10,795 18 6 29,521 1 1 66,767 2 8

Foreign Well indies 75 —- 6 - 260 10 0 5,694 3 —

l'loruia - - 166 1 — 950 19 — 698 17 3 1,395 19 — 2,348 4 10 487 !7 6

Africa - - - Ml,354 6 3 306,333 18 6 87,207 17 5 106,384 13 9 141,673 16 3 210,639 17 —

Total - - - - 1,419*931 18 6 1,836,499 9 6 1,119,211 6 5 i,778>i63 — 10 1,885,886 8 4 2,206,928 2 - -*

( continued.)

NAMES OF THE COUNTRIES. 1797* 1798- * 1799 1800. 1801 1802 -I

£■ s. d. £■ s. d. S. d. £- s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d.

Denmark - - 9,238 3 10 2,285 *7 10 185 l6 6 492 12 — 1,415 9 —- 2,978 8 8

RulTia - - 82,909 8 6 66,907 — 8 156,438 11 10 125,424 5 5 58,559 5 5 l8o,26l 4 1 i

Sweden - - - - 929 13 — - - 1,146 1 10 ' 941 11 8 298 0 6

Poland - 3,160 — — - 1,613 10 — —;

Prussia - - 17,694 7 8 11,004 8 10 15,492 3 11 17*5^5 18 9 17,212 12 1 68,221 15 1

Germany * 1,585,5 82 2 5 1,453*014 — 0 1,102,004 1 6 846,273 16 1 513,308 7 1 721,491 15 9

Holland - - 278,318 1 9 l87>57^ — 4 - 346,792 17 6 398,772 1 — 334,834 14 9

Flanders - - - - 7,631 1 — 8,008 13 8 12,7H 7 6 184,127 12 2 152,574 14 7 138,738 18 6

France - - 393,98o 13 — L179 15 2 - 525,111 6 4 553,787 12 9 529.319 13 21

Portugal and Madeira - - 15,17* 4 — i3*845 4 6 20,2S6 6 2 4*524 7 8 8,714 13 4 3,548 6 1

Spain and Canaries 120,525 10 4

Streights and Gibraltar - - 1,209 19 6 5, C52 — 6 11,131 7 9 17,110 15 10 12,179 16 — .9,544 5 5

Italy - - 35 3 6 425 12 — - 10,754 11 7 3*197 — 2 38,290 12 —

Turkey , - 1*327 8 10 4,334 5 2 19,013 2 1 11,378 2 10 27,320 3 2 13,7°° 4 —

Ireland - - - 232 18 — 809 4 10 108 3 6 73 1 — —

lfles, Guernsey, Jersey, and Man 13>6°5 4 2 6,243 3 9 25,381 6 1 5,547 3 6 4.105 H 2 1,043 6 10

States of America - 21,574 12 6 11,872 5 6 27,508 10 2 15,848 15 6 14,099 6 10 4,517 16

British Continental Colonies - !5>753 9 4 19,533 — 4 18,954 15 8 12,703 2 3 24,322 — 2 24,524 6 2

British West Indies - 29,69015 '5 65,044 9 3 41,558 4 4 24,338 4 11 26,808 2 3 18,988 13 i 4

Conquered Blands - - 23,400 9 11 33,85 4 2 47,202 4 2 17,900 — — 48,615 10 6 35,382 4 10

Foreign West Indies - 7,651 5 — 4,526 15 — 7,883 *7 6 2,185 17 6 — —

Florida - 621 10 — - 140 5 —

Africa - - 269,833 8 9 427,226 4 — 454,796 3 7 389,235 12 9 396,760 3 — 292,244 15 —

Total - - - - 2,775,626 12 1 2,322,261 19 5 1,964,520 3 7 2,559,19017 11 2,264,38014 2 2,538,594 I6 9

Inspector Generals Office, Custom House, London, 6th May 1803.

, William Irving,

Inspector Gen1 of the Imports and and Exports of Great Britain.

892

Appendix

A. 1803

appendix,

(No-

9* Maiiy continued.

An ACCOU N T of the Value of BRITISH COTTON GOODS Exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the several Countries to which they were Exported.

COUNTRIES. >79i- 1792. 1793- 1794 1795 1796.

£• 1. d. $. d. £■ s. d. £- s. d. £■ $. d. £■ 8. d.

Denmark - - 4,649 — — 1.9^7 9 6 2,929 6 9 5,31 14 6 7,153 — 6 15,990 12 6

Russia - - 20,(>39 15 — 39.023 18 9 20,877 — — 4L°3 6 14 1 40,081 17 2 41,694 4 9

Sweden - - 1,200 — — 1,141 — 9 1,968 15 — 1,808 7 3 3,174 IO 6 2,144 14 —

Poland - - O96 13 4 337 5 3 920 — 1,082 5 — 564 — — 1,038 — —

Prussia - - 2,08l 13 4 7,220 12 6 2,483 — — 5.372 10 — 3,154 14 — 18,956 13 3

Germany - - 107,918 15 10 47.318 12 6 119,211 5 — 350,883 J3 — 226,896 12 — 184,839 16 —

Holland - * 17,700 5 9 28,275 16 9 CO O Cl c* 17 — 43.613 18 6 - 1,715 — —

Flanders - - 47.285 8 4 3.926 5 35,910 3 14,806 — — - 870 — —

France - - 68,639 18 11 41,961 *9 — 6,755 2 6

Portugal and Madeira - - 32,107 13 6 26,193 2 14,779 9 7 15,019 19 11 22,501 4 1 41,969 17 9

Spain and Canaries - 22,812 12 11 18,327 19 1 24,475 15 10 64,85715 9 14,936 13 3 l8>°59 3 2

Streights and Gibraltar - - 8,164 7 — 7,336 8 — 25,563 8 2 6,264 7 7 17,774 12 11 13,461 7 11

Italy - - 193.098 1 10 144,1.67 10 7 137,070 5 3 45,77® 7 — 110,492 7 1 166,630 *9 —

Malta -

Turkey - - - 1,390 — — 600 — — 262 1 8 - -

Ireland - - 58,830 2 11 87,156 3 6 31,997 7 10 49,975 1 11 57,574 19 3 57,739 1 11

Isles, Guernsey, Jersey, and Man 5,021 19 6 7,370 14 6 44,670 2 — 15,102 2 9 16,198 19 — 6,477 1 —

States of America - - 739>236 3 3 740,572 2 11 718,933 12 9 795,629 18 6 1,181,850 14 4 1,340,818 3 9

Britishi Conti Colonies - - 47»ii7 3 3 73,669 4 7 76,976 5 7 76,050 15 11 97,188 9 10 105,081 5 3

Bh West Indies - 227,221 9 4 203,318 3 3 230,109 5 10 442,645 — 11 317,072 3 — 491,181 13 6

Conquered Blands - 55,494 13 2 50,379 11 7 288,216 — 5

Foreign W* Indies - - 2,170 8 4 206 7 1 622 10 0 7>i67 1 8 15,320 2 3

Honduras Bay - 427 14 2 1,548 10 11 133 1 6 253 17 9 140 8 4 301 — 19

Florida - - 84 5 6 79 11 8 271 7. 1 2,573 12 11 4,i47 5 — w <b cn oc I

Asia - * 255 6 — 188 6 8 141 8 5 652 3 9 144 12 1 2,719 13 9

Africa - - 188,978 17 1 437,369 12 1 129,068 6 11 206,510 16 4 69,145 16 6 136,236 10 3

Total - - - £■ 1.794.467 6 y 1,921,930 16 3 1,653,259 10 4 2,241,609 8 11 2,247,839 12 1 2,956,519 18 9

( continued.)

COUNTRIES. 1797. 1798. 1799- 1800.' 1801. 1802.

£• s. d. 8. d. S. * d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ S. d.

Denmark - - 11,894 6 6 27-523 6 — 29,748 15 3 21,390 13 9 13,172 13 1 23,747 2 3

Ruftia - 29,421 18 9 30,673 11 8 39,519 — — 114,096 11 6 122,662 16 — 209,412 7 8

Sweden - - 4.990 12 — •204 — — 5,270 — — 4,715 — — 5,317 1 8 8,925 —

Poland - 1,120 — — 269 9 — 5,537 — — 1,850 — — 4,850 — — 15,600 — —■

Prussia * 27,522 12 — 18,546 16 3 22,875 — — 46,119 13 9 101,196 11 —- 124,147 12 3

Germany - 493.849 — 5 535,706 16 2 829,154 17 — 1,694,862 15 — 2,542,848 — 11 1,627,902 3 8

Holland - .30,590 — — 1,970 — — - 2,763 — — 17,810 11 3 279,094 6 *"-

Flanders - 11,730 — —*

France - - 1,985 12 — 14 17 8 - 900 — — 5,206 15 — 285,683 4 —

Portugal and Madeira - - - 40,98415 3 64,653 H 1 153.520 15 7 154.454 7 5 9‘2,114 1 6 154,161 2 3

Spain and Canaries - 20 — 16,163 19 2 132,867 5 11

Streights and Gibraltar - - 3,817 10 — 37.74° 10 10 147,124 12 3 136,632 19 4 135.113 5 6 282,711 9 2

Italy - - 366 8 — 57,999 7 6 51,241 17 2 119,847 11 7 110,856 3 — 922,506 6 10

Malta - 25.300 10 — —

Turkey ... - 1,500 — — 1,400 — — 1,582 4 6 3,210 6 8 10,788 — — 10,430 1 3

Ireland - - 23,797 16 6 105,452 — 8 107,138 15 8 55,788 16 6 61,277 15 8 13L486 5 9

Isles, Guernsey, Jersey, and Man 9,183 5 9 1 L545 4 0 O 17,800 13 — 18,301 15 9 19,606 13 1 24,607 19 4

States of America - - 1,141,331 2 — 1,071,7 JO 7 9 1.704.505 1 — 1,686,207 1 5 1.947.038 4 7 1,341,139 8 4

Bh Conti Colonies , - 106,652 H 9 188,527 1 10 266,050 13 — 343,924 10 3 294,235 9 261,554 15 10

Bh West Indies - 223,717 16 9 720,270 13 5 1,319,348 18 8 522,985 14 10 411A53 8 1 852,656 7 5

Conquered Islands - - 140,254 5 5 421.935 4 7 433,105 18 9 154-385 7 299,749 9 2 39,547 13 9

Foreign West Indies - 8,939 8 10 20,365 18 5 70,085 2 11 8,837 7 10 3,891 9 2 26,413 15 3

Honduras Bay 967 11 9 66 1 — 4,316 10 6,808 5 10

Florida - 7,505 4 2 7.°94 5 — 6,144 15 5

Nootka Sound 12,250 — 5,057 14 2

Asia - 3,927 1 8 5,262 6 3 13-078 — 5 20.927 9 10 13,418 12 1 25,145 10 3

Africa - " 137.323 6 3 222,509 5 — 338,899 4 9 191,722 9 7 194,434 4 9 341,675 0 10

Total - - £■ 2,444,199 12 10 3,544,280 11 4 5,556,554 1 8 5,323,834 10 9 6,465,173 5 5 7,146,098 1 5

Inspector General's Office, Custom House, London, 6th May, 1803.

William Irving,

Inspeaor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Quantity of C OTTO N WOOL Imported into this Country from 1790, to 1802 inclusive;

distinguishing each Year.

lbs.

1791 - - - 28,706,675

1792 - - 34,907,497

1793 " 19,040,929

1794 " 24,358,567

1795 " - 26,401,340

1796 " - " 32,126,357

*797 - " 23,354,371

1798 " - 31,880,641

>799 1800 1801 1802 " " 43,379,278

- - 56,010,732 56,004,305 6o,346,475

V/Ultl

oth May 1803.

y

William Jrvtng,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

V^.OOgl<

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

893

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of COTTON YARN and TWIST Imported into this County from the Year 1750 to 1780

inclusive;—distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence Imported.

Years.

1750

175>

175*

»753

175+

175«

1756

»757

17.S8

1759

1760

1761

1762

1763

1764

17^5

1766

1767

1768

1769 177° 177* 177*

1773

1774

1775

1776

1777

1778

1779

1780

Germany.

lbs.

200

2,583

55°

995

3fi4

825

400

430

4

7°

5

28

12

8

76>5oo

1,886

Holland.

lbs.

1,064

21

16

20

800

71

12

2 6 5

233

1Q9

9°

10,561

Flanders.

lbs.

France.

lbs.

10

32

620

116

13.307

2}

4

4,187

240

Portugal

lbs.

2,500

1,607

23,111

Spain.

lbs.

6,820

319

14

Streights

and

Gibraltar.

lbs.

4^30

i>764

622

56

4,3oo 2,111

5,494

4,534

Italy.

lbs.

54,^3°

106,020

26,686

66,547

14,401

70,580

15,°&4

36,776

97,19°

3,641

1,200 26,429 158,846 75,771

56.379

32,156

15,037

74,286

129,134

45,681

37.349

8,-267

25,98-2

30,906

33,78°

156,919

66,986

1,547

i>477>710

Turkey. Asia. Prize. Ireland.

lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs.

45 5,819

- - - 5,21°

i°,339 37' ——

M8,i74 3,727

22,703 41,210

2,33*2 39,637

67,982 6,101 ——

9,43i 18,906 2,518 . —

9,098 1,007 1,051 -

95° 17,427 454

6,673

- 12,308 43,138 2,606

- - - 4,232 373 -

- - - 11,031 27

3,735 •6,447 ' - •

- - - 8,700 - - * -

1,840 9,184 201

3,429 18,536

49,100 12,524 - " *

8,921 18,772 - - - 19s

35,637 18,375 - - - 3,639

5,°49 17,477 - 10,790

400 •26,788 - - - 3-997

1,120 22,078

- - - 12,169 -

10,606 14,171 - - - 5,244

98,898 23,535

55,3^4 16,006 - - * 100

8,670 25,421 39

264 656 - - - 841

28 728 - - - 239

554,075 425,322 47,762 27,688

total.

lbs.

60,694 118,049 39,715 220,065 78,734 113,3/4 90,631 74,902 112,981 24,607 7,473 59-393 31,040

175.398

90,487

65.725

43,4nl

37,006

135,950

157,037

103,342

70,665

39,46°

5i,7io

128,575

64,034

284,162

138,731

34,220

3,608

28,296

2,683,483$

Inspector General’s Office, Custom-House, London, 6th May 1803.

j

William Irvings Inspector General of the imports and Exports of Great Britain.

As ACCOUNT of the Quantity of FOREIGN COTTON YARN and TWIST Exported from this Country, from the Year 1750 to 1780, inclusive;—distinguishing each Year, and the Countries to which Exported.

Years.

1750 -

1751 -

1752 -

1753 - * * *754 - " "

1755 - -

1756 -

1757 -

1758 -

1759 -

1760 - - ->761 -

1762 -

1763 . - -

1764 -

1765 -

1766 - -

1767 -

1768 -

1769 -

1770 -

1771 -

1772 -

1773 * -

1774 -

1775 -

1776 -

1777 -

1778 -

1779 -

1780 -

Total

Russia.

lbs.

1*38

1,238

Germany.

lbs.

12,508

515

693

I3,7i6

Holland.

lbs.

l,589

800

5.369 5,626 7,720 14,274 i,73o 4,641 6,408 . 531

5AH

863

8,753

7A36 3,o 8 8 6,414 8,201 1,724

1,786 16,407 5 66

i,9°7

i«>,734

Flanders.

lbs.

245

847

1,400

873

591

1,188

35°

9°3

297

4,187

75

583

593

12,132

Spain.

lbs.

724

1,322

2,728

4,774

Italy.

lbs.

288

587

875

Turkey.

lbs.

3,184

3A84

Ireland.

lbs.

17,713

39°

5>4°3

34,2.31

618

i,53i

8,044

6,242

5,3°3

86,270

1,266

13,218

1,943

18,680

3°,936

20,515

3,585

6,456

4,425

5,53°

231

836

1,854

6,000

1,201

M°3

5,85°

288,934

British Conti Colonies.

lbs.

158

4°.

5°

100

348

TOTAL,

lbs.

19,3°2

39°

5,4°3

34,231

1,663

14,886

14,813

12,741

13,747

101,059

2,423

5.9°7 19,7l6 2,474 24,382 32,124

21,728

12,338

7,359

4,425

7A36

8,776

7,»23

8,251 2,357 5,7 97 3,715 28,419

1,767

1,746

8,937

435,935

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London 5th May 1.803.

VOL. 58.

ce,l

’ 5

William lining,

Infjieflpr general of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

' 10 s

IHa IfShwt.l

Af

an

N. B. Printed Linens being returned with Cotton Stuffs, and charged with the fame rate of Duty, no didinefcion can be

made between them.

J. Catkerwood

Gen1 Accompf.

J. Olmius, A\ P/lippSy G. Seymour, E. Fifuer.

AK ACCOUNT of the Quantity of PRINTED GOODS Exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802, inclusive;

distinguishing each Year.

-Years ended 5th July

Yards.

1791 - - - 7,584,780 j0-

1792 - - - 8,932,54s T5

1793 - - * 9,5S7,357

1794 * - - 7,93s, 174

1795 - - - 10,130,630

1796 - - - I4,9S8,99-r*

1797 - - - 14,104,286 T'5

1 «. 1 00 o\ N ¥■< 13,o7s,488 ,1

1799 - - - 14,847,808 T«0

1800 - * * 15,689,230 T\-

1801 " ~ " 17,485,803

1802 " * " 20,966,677 T*

Excise Office,

13th May 1803* 3 y Catkerwood,

J Gen] Accomp',

M. Whish, J. Olmius, A. Phipps, G. Seymour, E. Fisher.

AK

1 /\n PRINTED GOODS Exported from this Country, from 1790 to 1802.

ACCOUNT of <■» D",b"biS.v.;-Jitoguin, ing Y»r.

Years ended 5th July

1791 _ _ L- 134,509 s. 6 d.

179« •4 - 154,253 *7 9

1793 - 163,372 5 11

1794 - - 133,941 16 ? 4 4

1795 - - 165,252 15 5

1796 - * 242,718 9 10

S 1797 * - 235,381 1 ct

1798 - - 216,985 5 10J

1799 - - 237,753 2

1800 - - 255,957 1 2

1801 - 279,838 15 5i

1802 - 329,598 5 7*

Excise Office, 1

,3th May 1803- J ~ *Catkerwood, J*J n»n> Ac

Gen' Accenap*

M. Whish,

J. Olmius,

A. Phipps,

G. Seymour,

R- Fi/her.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

895

Appendix (No. 34.)—25° Marta.

ACCOUNT

OF THE

PUBLIC INCOME OF GREAT BRITAIN,

FOR THE YEAR ENDED FIFTH JANUARY 1803; (

&C. &c. I

Vol. 58.

ipT

Ppendix

Co»ttnU((,t

*3 Maii%

A* AC.C(

N.B. Piw

Excise Office

13th May i8<

Ax ACCOUI

Excise Off®' 13th May 18«

1803.

( RESOURCES Conflicting the PUBLIC SCO-4

[Bate Per-Centum for collecting the fame;—and, the '■ lyments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of V, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the:

L

|ts, CHARGES of M ANAGEMENT, &c. t GROSS REVENUE:

£7 nent, 4,000 I to lieu of ?(Uge; > ft age, :ri in ^itain, I to the this im, CHARGES of MANAGEMENT. ) TOTAL PAYMENTS out of the GROSS REVENUE.

d. £• *• £■ «• -»■

- 490,oaS 7 3I '2,816,381 2 2J

— 59,586 3 6’ 287,812 12 cj!

- 549,614 10 9! 3,104,193 14 3l

- 551,034 16 91 1,694,322 16 3tJ

" 117,980 13 ich 211,925 5 7}.

! - 669,015 10 87 1,906,248 I ICy;

107,023 5 3\ 210,230 3 3

11,606 5 IG.J- 14,723-J4 61

U 118,629 11 224,953 17 9-

l8', TOO 2 207,335 3 o]

- 9,886 16 6 9,886 16 6

196,986 18 9; 217,222 0 33

« 3 >292,491 5 5 300,323 13 8

18,692 19 4! 18,692 19 v.

311,134 4 328,016 13 c\

_ 330 18 0 330 18 0

- 213 6 9 213 6 9

- 544 4 9 544 4 9

375 8 6 1,075 * 6

t - ■5 '9 5 *5 J9 5

391 7 11 *>9* 7 11

- 2,588 0 5* 2,588 0 5}

- 2,875 0 0 2,875 0 0

I 00 1 I w 1 1,851,829 9 41 5>7*7.733 0 5; 1

NET PRODUCE Applicable to National Objects,

and to Payments

into the Exchequer.

\:T

£■ 1

6,865,955 12 6 549,771 6 9;

4.15,7^6 19 3;

13,832,086 2 4 u 1,095^52 1 i).\

14,927,538 4 c;

2,9? 1,821 18 c[

187,541 14

3,169,363 12 v’j

5.071,358 io ic;> 246,768 2 > i(

5,318,126 13 3:

962,217 16 1:

1s3»i35 *4 4!

,»°95j353

50,624 7 ici 14*933 10 11

65,557 9.

58,19° 5 7 2,538 io 4

60,728 15 n

15,109 10 5; I

>735 *9 J

32,083,231 4 IJt

I: i

ak ACCOUN

X61

•g? ‘TOA

* 7. Cathenooood,

/*J r^n1 Ac

Gen1 Accorop*-

M. Whisk,

J. Olmius,

A. Phipps,

G. Seymour,

E. Fi/her.

896

Appendix.

A. 1803.

AH ACCOUNT of the ORDINARY REVENUES and EXTRAORDINARY RESOURCES Conflicting the PUBLIC

T. i __ ' -r England from Scotland; and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue,—the Amount of the Gross Receipt; the Rate Per-Centum for collecting the fame;—and, the: V laic; the Nature and Amount of die Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively;—distinguistiing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of Y*zz; ’jj ether with the Amount of the BALANCE remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1802 and 1803 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the

HEADS

of

REVENUE.

Ordinary Revenues,

Permanent Taxes.

CUSTOMS.......

BALANCES:

BALANCE in the Hands of Collect! or 1 on the 5th January i8cz.

BALANCE in the Hand# of Receivers General on the 5th January 1802.

England

Scotland

Great Britain

EXCISE {includ* Malt, Anni) - England __________Scotland

-Great Britain

STAMPS ...... England

__________ ....... Scotland

£• *. *-1*671 15 9j 19,76s 14 ax

38,442 10 x\

28,830 6 5

28,830 6 5*

..... Great Britain

LAND Sc ASSESSED TAXES - England ----- ....... Scotland

--- ...... Great Britain

POST OFFICE ...... England

.. ____^— ...... Scotland

- Great Britain

i.-»n-the-£. on PENSIONS 7 - England and SALARIES S - Scotland

125,53* 10 6\

BILLS |{arising out of the Revenue i8or, remitted to the Receivers General in London, but which not beer mi ng due until after the jthjanuary 1802, were carried to Account of the latter Year.

GROSS RECEIPT:

c- *• t

86.157 4 3, 9,866 15 10

96,204 O 7\

9,118 1 X 1 Jt

60,856 I9 11

69,975 1 1

125,538 i° 6J

91 1

20,165 8 6

3,126 9 2

DRAWBACKS, DISCOUNTS, CHARGES of M ANAGEMENT, &c. Paid out of the GROSS REVENUE:

20,256 10 2 3»,a6 9 2

357*35 16 7 60,557 1 6

- Great Britain

6 A-ln-the-£. on TENSIONS 7 - England and SALARIES £ - Scotland

98*443 19 54

20,839 1 5}

119,283 o nj

417,792 18 1

3,769 17 o *,4°4 11 7

6,174 * 7

*.397 15 4$

11,983 1 5

14,380 16 9i

- - - Great Britain

HACKNEY COACHES ......

HAWKERS and PEDLARS ——

TOTAL •

ORDINARY REVENUES . -

Small Branch et of the

Uc red it a ry Revenue.

ALIENATION FINES -

POST FINES ......

SEIZURES ......

COMPOSITIONS - - ......

PROFFERS ......

CROWN LANDS ......

283,264 1 7i

o 16 6$

o 16

325 o 10J

389 IS 11 558,125 14 6$

8,390 14 3 14*494 16 3

22,885 10 6

122,2x5 19 10J

—^ I P 1 RATE A" RA1L coui cr Centum a

TOTAL J so >r which the!

Gross Receipt within the Year. RECEIPT R to be Accounted for. GROSS j hEVENUE e* ' E was Collected. A1 i T 1 c ar

£. J. £• '•; £• s. d.

9*577*3*5 14 74 779,118 2 ii 9,682,336 14 8| 837,583 18 5 1 3 1 7*3

10,356,443 16 9' 10,519,920 13 7\ 5 4 6

I5»5i7»*90 ,6 8 1,246,520 8 2 15,526,408 18 7J. 1,307,377 7 34! 3 ii 0 1 906

16,763,811 4 10 16,833,786 5 11 | 3 19 5 1

3,063*95 19 i*4 182,100 0 3 *1 3,192,052 1 34 202,265 8 9 j 3 7 0 | 5 14 8

3,245,396 0 z\: 3,394,3‘7 10 o\ 3 9

4,9*1,457 18 iJ 196,097 17 5 5*78,693 i4 8! 256,654 18 11 3 10 10 j 3 17 0

5*1 17,555 15 6’ { 5*535*348 13 7| 3 11 2

1,160,936 19 10 114,090 4 5] 1,271,541 10 64 [ 151,818 13 9 23 0 1 12 6 2

1,275,027 4 31 i 1*423*37° 4 34 21 17 3

48,557 10 6 3,163 16 3 50,955 5 xt4 15,146 17 8 0 12 IX 1 8 1

51,721 6 9 66,102 3 6| * 1 0 16 5

59,264 17 6 *554 9 9 4 59,265 14 1 *,554 9 9 0128 0 .» 6

61,819 7 3 \ 61,820 3 10 0 12 7

27,372 10 0 27,697 10 10$ 9 6 10

8,2x1 3 S 14 8,600 19 7J ! !! ! 7

36,907,358 9 | > 37*870,964 5 5^ i 4 17 9

Drawbacks; Difference of

London;

Almanacks, id for Paper ai Parchment to stamp on.

Packet Establish.nent, with £.4,060 allowed to Ireland in lieu of Packet Portage; also,

Irish Portage, received in Great Britain, and placed to the Debit of this Kingdom.

£• a. J. 26,352 14 11 228,226 8 6£

CHARGES of

MANAGEMENT.

*• d.

*554*579 3 6

93,944 n 9

1,*37,*3* n *2

103,206 17 114 3,117 8 8

106,324 6 71

20,235 1 6

20,235 1 6

700 o o

£• ,. d.

490,028 7 3$

59,586 3 6i

TOTAL PAYMENTS out of the GROSS REVENUE.

NET PRODUCE Applicable to National Objects,

and to Payments into the Exchequer.

549,614 xo 9}

551,034 16 9! 117,980 13 ic£

£• a. d.

'2,816,381 2 2!

287,812 xz

3,i°4,|93 14

669,015 10 8|

107,023 5 3\

u,6c6 5 io|

118,629 11 ij

1,694,322 16 3\

*n,9*5 5 7L

1,906,2^8 I IO$

210,230 3 3

14,723 14 6J

*4,953 17 94

187,100 2 3

9,886 16 6

16,832 8 3

16,832 8 3

5*709

o 8

2,535 10 6\

19*677

Extraordinary Rcfourccs.

MONIES Paid on Account of the Interest 7 or Loans raised for the Service of lieland

On ACCOUNT of the Commissioners, 1 appointed by At\ 35 Geo. 111. for lffu- > Ing l v h . Billt ----- 3

On ACCOUNT of the Redemption of the 7 I. ax ...... J

FEFS of Regulated Exchequer Offices - -

PRODUCE of sundry Magaaines, See. fold 7 on Account of Government - - - * 3

Other MONIES Paid to the TUBL1C -

Imprert MONEY Repaid by sundry Public 7 Accountants •-•-----J

LOTTERY Net Profit ......

AID and CONTRIBUTIONS -

ARREARS of Taxes cohered under the } Aid and Contribution Ad ——

INCOME DUTY ......

total- °.fl

LOANS paid into the Exchequer -GRAND TOTAL - £.l|

aS 3,264 1 7

283,264 1

Sz2, SxS s 9i

6,457 6 8

201 16 o

62,073 3 7i

1 13 4

640 o o

27,828 3 9*

890,281 2 8

16,500 o . o

17,94* 16

4*793 0 9

35’9i6 5 4

36,569 4 9

_ - 44,711 7 *4

- - 555,000 0 0

- - - 5,000 0 0

- - " - - - 48,906 4 IV

*36,77° *5 11 - - - 3*33,567 3 7]

822,818 3 93 111,215 19 104 4i,93i»747 is s\ 26,005,345 14 o|

122,215 19 icj 67,937,093 12 9

12,166 7 4

*,737 6 6£

62,073 3 7*

1 13 4

640 o o

47,505 5 ,04

890,281 2 8

16,500 o o

17,942 16 81

700 o o

3,919,071 2 10*

16,832 8 3

196,986 18 9!

*92,491 5 5

18,692 19 4’

311,184 4

330 18 o 213 6 9

544 4 9

375 8 6

15 19 5

391 7 1

207*335 3 Ol 9,886 16 6

217,222 o 3!

300,323 13 8

18,692 19 v4[

£. 1. d.

6,865,955 12 6 549,771 6 9s

7,415,726 19 3

13,832,086 2 4

1,095,45* 1 *4

14,927,538 4 o\

2,981,821 18 c{

iS7,54i 14 *7

3,169,363 12 3*

5,071,358 10 ie* 246,768 2 5

5,318,126 13 3

328,016 13 c£

330 18 o 213 6 9

544 4 9

1,075 8 6 15 *9 5

2,588 o 5$

2,875 0 0

1,851,829 9 41

*>91 7 I*

962,217 16 ic] 133,135 *4 4*

1,095,353 I. 3i

50,624 7 10

14*933 10 11

65,557 >8 9;-

58,190 5 7 2,538 10 4

60,728 15 .11

2,588 o 51

2,875 o o

5*787,733 o 5[

308 1 6

1,214 15 4

1,522 16 10

42,793 o 9

35*9l6 5 4

36,569 4 9

44*71* 7 2*

555,000 o o

5,000 o o

48,906 4 II

3*470,337 19 7 43* *60,046 4 c* 26,005,345 14 °\

69,165,391 18 1

5,692 7 o\

1,541 14 11

3,920,920 19 3*

3,920,920 19 3}

16,83a 8 3

16,832 8 3

5,692 7 o{

25,109 10 5i

5*7*5 19 7*

32,083,231 4 * *4

10,643 10 6

2,737 6 6|

62,073 3 7*

1 13 4

640 o o

41,812 18 9I

28,000 o o

863 12 8

94479 * 5

1,982,079 5 10$

890,281 2 8

16,500 o o

17,942 16 S£

42,793 o 9

35,916 5 4

36,569 4 9

29,541 14 11

863* 12 8

94*479 * 54

5,919,831 13 5

1,982,079 5 10J 5,919.83* *3 5

44,711 7 2*

5*5>*58 5 1

5,000

o o

48,042 12 3

3.575,858 18 A

37,240,213 ,0 74 26,005,345 x4 °4

63,245.559 4 2

W H1 TEH A LL, Treasury Chambers,

25th March 1803. i

N. Vansittart,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

897

INCOME of GREAT BRITAIN, FOR THE YEAR ENDED THE FIFTH JANUARY 1803:

Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respea.Vely ;-distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate Per-Centum for co'b the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5 th Days of January 1802 and 1803 respectavdy, applicable to, or anting from, the Revenue of tr mount o tie xchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, Blued for the Public Service, between the Days at e-menrioned, and not Redeemed ndM mat Period

RATE Per-Centum for which the NET PRODUCE of the REVENUE was collected.

PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE, Applicable to NATIONAL OBJECTS:

Payments on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants j Provisional Cavalry j Defence of the Realm $ and

other Services.

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c.

i 7 * 10 16 d. 9 9

I 7 8 2

3 19 8 j

10 15 5

4 9 8

3 * 9 I

6 3 9

3 *4 IO

3 *3 9 i

4 0 1

3 *4 1

30 7 11

14 0 9

28 8 2

I 0 13 0

| 1 8 6

0 16 7

0 12

0 12 9

0 12 IO

10 6 1

50 4 4

5 *5 6

£. s. J.

£■ '*• d.

892,348 O 2l 99,544 I o\

121,388 o 8} 4,252 11 1

125,640 11 t)\

991,892 I 2$

24,078 19 8} 43»305 3 1

67,384 2 9I

Pensions out of the Hereditary Revenue $ and Perpetual Pensions and Stipends charged on the Land Revenue.

Towards Expences incurred in securing and improving His Majesty’s Woods and Forests.

£. s. d.

By Virtue of Warrants of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, under the Authority of different Acts of Parliament, towards the Support of the Civil Government of that Country.

£• <*-

i 56,789 * 4}

Monies Imprest in the Hands of different Persons, and advanced on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax.

360 o o

56,789 1 4I

14,000 o o

14,000 o o

13,700 o o

125,640 II 9$

1,059,276 4 o

3,700 o o

27,700 o o

74,215 15 63

360 o o

74,215 15

5,385 o o

TOTAL PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE.

PAYMENTS

into the EXCHEQUER.

BALANCES:

BALANCE

in the Hands of

BALANCE la the Hinds of

Collectors Receiver, Genera.

oa the

on the

jthjaauary 1803 5~January xSc3

£. d.

892,348 o 2} 156,693 2 4I

1,049,041 2 7 k

38,078 19 83 117,520 18 i|

*55»599 *7 *o

5,385 o o

5,385 o o

6,579 11 8-1

6,579 11 H

31,004 16 5

12,324 11 8;

5,385 o o

127,967 12 si 4,252 11 1

132,220 3 6'

3,700 o o

13,700 o o

£• *. d. £. d.

5,730,326 13 ill 22,671 4 s

328,300 00 17,715 5 7l

£• u d. 4^93 13 ol

6/058,626 13 iji j 40,386 10 3!

870,000 o o

42,093 13 <4

BILLS

w^ o-: r Revenue j

rr r its: *o th-*

TOTAL

Rec:i ve:aGeae 1 DISCHARGE

m

bat wh en noc ;l becoming roe t ac*.l if-;T the [

5th Jituaqf 1803, are thbef >re carried ro Account of the !' latter Year.

of the NET PRODUCE.

220,609 *3 rt 6,865,955 12 6

4 96? s Pi 549 77i 6 9

si

=25,578 :9 5i.?- 7,415.726 19 3*

2,860,139 16 5

165,183 7 8

183,000 o o

4,783,047 9 9*

840,07? 91,926 10 6 9 6

932,000 0 0 1

48,872 6 11

14,900 6 5 1

1*355*946 3 *S

63,772 13 4

58,189 9 8

2,538 10 4

60,728 o o

24,975 o o

5,279 o o

29,597,910 IO °l

- - - 63,93* 3 6| 44.0CC 0 0

- - 83,7:9 *7 4 44/tco 0 0

j; *2,39° 0 1 t 91 18 22,35s 6 6$ 3,815 i9 c

M w» •0 0 0 M 22,449 S 21 •3.815 19 0

— — 343,343 8 $1 50,5*5 11 4 -

402,8 59 0 of -

o6^S8 15 of 21,039 10 11 4,198 17 6 4,482 3 c| 7,756 *3 *° 15,687 10 11

117,528 5 *2 8,681 0 6| *3,444 4 9

- - - 1,752 0 11} 33 4 6 - -

- - - >>7*5 5 5) -

- - - 0 15 11 -

- - - 0 15 11 -

- - - *34 10 si -

- - - 446 19 7l -

270,304 17 2* 562,230 10 7 29M39 3

Hr-----1

,13.832^86 2 4

.,09 452 * 81 —

187.54.1 14 2*

' IQ ic|--40.768 a 5

*33,135 *4 4*

50,624 7 ic|

14,933 IO II

63,557 *8 si

5$,*90 5 7

2.-3$ :o 4

oo,"iS 15 .1

25.109 10 si

5,72 5 *9 "I 32,083/231 4 n£

9,613 11 ic£

25,640 11 9*

125,640 11 9I

1,059,276 4 cl

13,701 1

_ _ 4

1 Han-3

l apery

2,000 o o 2,941 5 4

' 62,073 3 7\

37,313 11 io|

1,059,276 4 o\

37,3*3 11 1Gl

13,701 1 ^l

13,701 1

62,040 II Ij;

131,004 16 5

131,004 16 5

74,365 2 io*

74,365 2 IO*

23,314 13 I

3 4

640 o o

966 13 4

890,281 2 8

16,500 o o

I...

17,942 16 8|

42,793 o 9

35,9*6 5 4

36,569 4 9

44,7i* 7 21

5,702 5 2

2,737 6 6.;

*7,53* *2 41

62,040 11 i£

5^5*458 5

5,000 o o

47,*25 * 7

I,44*»3°* 8 H

1441,301 8

3,232,856 15 71

34,561,687 *5 4+ 26,005,345 *4 ©I

60,567,033 9 4

270,304 *7

270,304 17 2%

917 o 8

80,961 11 3{-

670,080 6 8

670,080 6 8

10,643 *° 6

2,737 6 (I

62,07? 3 :{

I *3 4

640 o o

41,812 18 9!

890,281 2 8

296,839 3 z\

256,839 3 2

16,500 o o

17,942 16 81

42,793 o 9

35*9*6 5 4

36,569 4 9

44,7* 7 2j

525,45s 5

5,000 o o

48,042 12 3

3,375,858 *8

37,240.213 io 7£

26,005,345 *4 o|

63,245,559 4

The Appropriated Balances in the Exchequer, on the 5th January amounted to -

v and on the 5th January 1803 ‘ to.

There"was Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer t either of ,he*.bove-ment, oned Periods.

NM- \ The Amount of Exchequer Bill,. Navy Bill, and Transport Bills, Vn 1

Issued for the Public Service between the Sth January rSox and the b- Navy and V ic.ualhnt 5th January 1803, and not Redeemed within that Period, was - J

r

8,899,2781410^ 9,800,659 12

10,192^000 O O 413,861 9 5

129,448 tg 4

N-B. Prir

Exc ifeOffic 13 th May jg

Air ACCOV

Excite Off 13th May 1

Ax ACCOU

7- O/m/us,

Phipps%

, J. Catherwood,

Gen1 Accomp*.

~^Wized

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 899

Appendix (No.

ACCOUNTS

RISPECTIJfe

THE CONSOLIDATED FUND,

4

4 '

f THE NET PRODUCE OF THE PERMANENT TAXES

OF GREAT BRITAIN,

FOR THE YEAR ENDED FIFTH OF JANUARY 1«3*

4

VOL. 3S.

*0

k^PPmdu,

f (No-3jO

i25*

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ACCOUNT of the

_ 5th day of January 1803 (tub "eft tof LI DATED FUND of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th day of

*dting prior ^ and^alf th ^6Crea^e *" rse as may ard'e froiq the Decrease in the Charges of Management of

________ 6 ^nco®e derived frorii the Duties imposed in each subse<|ueiit Year, together with the Charge

INCOME.

TED CUSTOMS, a^*^«y£M6,67«. 5. 8. by Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 15. to be carried to Ac-

A - Pr<Jy\nno. J79^> being the computed Annual Saving to the Public

oun oi the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar

QUARANTINE DUTY.

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES

Brought to this Account:

By Act 34 Geo. III. cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper, A® 1794, *n heu of Duties then repealed, at £75,000 per ann. -

By - - D® - - cap. 33. out of D-- - - - on Spirit Licences, A0 1794, at £.36,000

per Ann. -

By - 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. out of D# - - - on Beer, - A° 1802, at £. 164,539. 3*.

D° -

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES

Compositions for Stamps per Bank Medicine Duty

By Act Geo. III. cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A0 1793, in lieu of Duties then repealed,

at £.128,600 per annum -

By Act 36 - - - cap. 125. out of D° on Hats, A# 1796, in lieu of D° then repealed, at £. 9,479. 11. per annum

By D® - - - - cap. 52. out of D° on Legacies, A® 1796* - D° - D° at^. 41,079 D° -

By D°57 - - -.cap. 19. outofD® on Deeds, - A® 1797* - * & ^£.156,605 D* - - :-

£• s. d.

- - - - 793>9°* * 3l

...... 210,924-----

...... 7i8>992 4 7!

Proportionate Part of Duties on Sugar, now annually granted -

Tobacco D* * *

....... Malt - D° -

Ditto

Ditto

INCIDENTS;

G«. III! of. ,»• of Col.foliJ.ttd Letter Money, being the tool Prod.ce of that Doty prior Referred. Si ^Molidated Duties on Salti in lio of Duties^lben repealed, at 374,320 per ann. by Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 65.

‘ f Houses and Windows, A® 1798* at327,9°° Per annum * '

Refewd from Duties f . on Account of Commutation Duty, at £.515,000 D

consolidated by Act I - * A, 1?g8j at - - - - 148»6°° D*

08 Geo. III. cap-4°- / Inhabited Houses _ . A° ,708, at - - - - 93.000 D° -

38. Du-I Maie Servants, - * * A° ,708, at - - - - 106,000 D# -

A' ,79,• *'• "o,0" v '

ties then repealed—

Out of * " * LFour 1

Uum Mines

ib on Pensions ’. on Salaries and Pedlar* Coaches and Chairs Ughthouse^ fences I forfeitures

forfeitures '

(A° *799

.3 A°1800

Lana 7 A* *801

v 180a

Arrears of Land Tax *799

- D * _ _ 1794

- D° - * , . t795

- D° * * 1798

•; 5: T- -®

" . Tf. of the Public,

Estates,

799

1800, and 1801 -

resptaof Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, 9 . ~

Carried forward * - £.

£■ '■ d.

833,028 18 8$ 8.453 13 7 5.563.oii 17 3l

75,000-----

41.134 15 9

1,083,249 4 11

12,000 -

14,101 2 lo

128,600 — — 9,479 11 — 41,079 — —; 156,605-----

8,965,743 4

1,723,818 5 11

410,556-----

374,220 — —

327,900-----

515.000 -

148,600 -

93,000-----

106.000 -

200.000 -

62,073 3 71 640 19 2 960 — —

1 13 4

2,94* 5 4 67,728-----

57.988 3 7j 4,625-----

25,055 13 6 13 4

997 8 8

580 -r —

— 4 — 67,373 3 5

31,045 17 6J 165,197 13 2 862,977 1 —

283,840-----

5 5 "

1,000 -

500-----

500-----

i,boi 4 7

250 —-250 —

24,405

9}

14,527,581 1 —£

1503,

'A % i

■kCirs

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

901

January 1803; and also, of the A&ial Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the Future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it Hood Stock purchased by the Comm ifli oners for the Reduction of the National Debt); distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt created in each corresponding Year; and in respect of what Sums Railed, or Bills Funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

CHARGE.'

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities for Long Terms, £.14 p^r-Cent

2-7ths Excise

£. 3,700 per Week -A01706

Per id Ad -2d Ad - -

2 & 3 Lives -Single Lives -

1707

1708 1708

1745 - - T

1746

1757 -

1778

, 177 9

with Bene-nt of 7 Survivorship - J i - - Ditto - - - 1789, *»d Management

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1803.

r.

£■ 48»5i5

6,355 31.830 2+.7H *,152 4.918 10,597

8,195 12,318

22,466

24,567

9,769

5.174

54° —

44»453 1

2 12 6

11 2

12 5

12 5

10

5

13 — 18 7

Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund* as it flood on 5th January 1803.

£. '• d-

48,515 Q 6 6,365

31,83° 6 ! 24,724 u 6 8,152 3 a 4,9i8 i^ 7 10,597 5 3 8,195 i* *" 12,318 5 32,466 10 24,5^7 5 2,769 13 *-5,174 18 7

54°-----

44,452 1 —

Appendix (No. 35.) 25* Martii,

SOUTH SEA CO MPA Mr.-On their present Capital of £. 24,065,084. 13^ njtf. at £. 3 per-Cent. per annum; with Charges . x n

of Management - - - ...... *

735*974 * a

j CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuities on £. 1,919,600, at£. 3 per-Cent. per annum; with Charges of Management

5$;J23 4 10£| 5g;3‘i0 *4 3

:*?l

2 I

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their Capital of £.4,000,000, purchr.lbd of the South Sea Company; with Charges'

Annuities on - -<

of Miij*ag"nient £.500,000, for cancelling Exchequer Bills -1,250,000, granted A0 1714 -

1.750.000 - - - 1719 ......

3.200.000 - - - 1743; with Charges of Management -

I 986,800 - - - - 1746 ......

c

a>

dJ

/i»-

eo

121,898 3 5

15,000-----

37.500 -

52.500 -

100,000 -- —

29,604-----

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuities011 96,540,385. 5. 74. the present Capital of £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities-

on £. 33,218,797. 10. 8. the present Capital of £. 3 pvr-Ce.I'RedSAmuuS^wToTd* I

on £■ 1,000,000.---at £.3 per-Cent. granted A° 1796; - with D«

on £.32,750,000.-----Consolidated £.4 per-Cent. Annuities; with D°

on £. 17,860,993. 9. 10. Consolidated£.5 per-Cent. Annuities; with D»

for 99, 98, So, 78, 77, 75|, and 6gJ Years, granted Annis 1761 1,60 ,~q

1784, and 1790; - - ... . 7 V7lth 1>°’ *782’ *783,

for 10 Years, granted A0 1777 - "

121,898 3

J5,oooo — —

37.500 — —

52.500 -

100,000 — — 29,604 — —

1-4 3

1,012,636 12 — 30,450-----

' *>324,292 13 g

9°>,541 3 5J

for 30 and 29 Years, graced Annis 1778 and 1779; and for i84 Years A* ,-of Life Annuities at the Exchequer, A0 1789; ... witj, ‘'9°,

To the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the N,,;,

Geo. 111 ...... national Debt, by Act

1 in lieu

712,668 11 gj 25>oooo

For the Support of His Majest/s Household To Edward Roberts

26 Geo. in,

42

9,928,572 1$ 3I

1,008,183 16 —|

30,450 -

*>324,076 _ , S°'.54l 3 5j

7a,668 j,

25,<joo

, Edward Roberts, Esquire, Chief Clerk lo the fWV ,r

paid by the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer so?Vf PeII*> of /

Kill Office, but now payable to liim hv Varies, to ,w.'

- i,-65° per annum, formerly

nequer lor Salaries, to the Officer* of the ExcVi»-

,able to him byAtt23 Geo. IIL ' •

Kill Office, but;°Wu^and Wales, in Augmentation of

To the ^U<1*C* |^gbness the Duke of Gloucester -

His Royal I lighness the Duke of York His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York Representalives of Arthur Onllow, Esquire Earl of Chatham ——

Lord Rodney ——

Lord Heath field -

Lady Dorchester -

- on D* A"nuitJ

* on Da , -

" on£)o "

* ber Annuity' °n his

" °n I>

*" on Do

* on-D°

0"UrAr

*n&Uity

Car

’ ,urm« Pjccheq

[her

ri

f°Tyr;

902

Appendix.

A. 1803.

y Appendix,

( (No 35 )

: M

continued.

l.—Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of

i i

I N C O M E—continued.

Brought forward -

IMPREST MONIES Repaid by Joseph White, Esq. Solicitor to the Treasury, on Account of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces -

Alexander Houflon, Esq. late Lieutenant Governor of Grenada -

Major John Findlay, Commander of the Royal Engineers at the Ilelder -

James Chalmers, Esq. Executor of Lady Greenwich, Administratrix of the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, late Paymaster of the Forces, and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital -

More by him on the like Account ——

William Goodall and John Turner, Esqrs. on Account of Henry Motz, Esq. late CommiiTary at the Ilelder -Brigadier General Maitland, commanding an Expedition on the Coalt of France, A° 1800 -

Charles Moss, Executor to Robert Moss, late Agent at Upper Canada ——

lieutenant Colonel Drinkwater, Commissary of Accounts in Holland ——

Brook Watson, Esq. for Produce of Sales for sundry Magazines fold in England -

James Chalmers, Esq. on Account of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, late Paymaster of the Forces

Sir Robert Preston, Bart. Executor of Sir Charles Prelion, late Baggage Matter and [nipector ot Roads in North Britain

George Spiller, Esq. on Account of Henry Motz, late Commissary General at the Fielder -

John Grant, on Account of John Wood, Esq. late Ditto at Vienna -

Baron Lekardftein, on Account of Henry Motz aforesaid -

Christopher Bourcard, on Account ot D° -

Sir James Craig, Commander in Jersey and Guernsey ——

John Roberts, Esq. surviving Partner in a Contract between Sir William James and others, with Interest thereon -John Wi] tlh ire, Esq. on Account of J. Kemys and Gardner Kemys, Executors of Richard Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces ——

Thomas Pipon, Esq. Expences for carrying on public Works for the Defence of Jersey -

G. Atkinson, Esq. late Agent General at Jamaica ——

G. Bogle, Esq. - - - D° - - - - St. Domingo

MONIES Paid by -

Joseph White, Esq. by a Writ of Extent, on Account of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. - -

Henry Thornton and others, Executors of Henry White, late Agent at New York, oft Account of Duties arising from the Sale of Prize Goods held m their Hands for the Lie of Government, previous to the end of the Year 1793 -George Watts, Esq. lu.tr Receiver General, on Account of the Revenue of the King arising from the Isle of Man Edward Huberts, Esq. Eirlt Ch rk to the Clerk of the Pells, being the Residue of Exchequer Fees -William Baldwin, Esq. Receiver Genera! of Police Office Fines ——

Peter Plutl, on Account of three Penalties for Bonds -

William Henry Clinton, Esq. 011 Account of Monies received by him when in the Island of Madeira -Brook Watson, Esq. 011 Account of Money received by him from Melvile and Co. for Continental Service Ditto - - - - on Account of Hay and Corn sold by Claude Scott, Esq. - - - r - -

Robert B’fictt, Esq. Commissary General for the Home Department -

W. A. I i nod left one, Esq. on Account of Stoppages of Provisions from the Royal Military Society at Newfoundland Thomas Coutts, Esq. on Account of General W. Gardiner, in Part of ^.2,532. 5s. remitted to him for llis Majesty’i special Service -

Total INCOME of CONSOLIDATED FUND applicable towards 1 f paying the CHARGE existing prior to the Year 1793 - * )

DUTIES pro A0 1793:

British Spirits A# 1791 -

Game Duty -

Surplus of Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -

Reserved out of Duties Consolidated by Acts A* 1798, cap. 40 and 41, in lieu of Duty of £. 10 per-Cent. then repealed -

DUTIES pro A* 1794:

Foreign Spirits, A0 1791 British D® -

1794

Foreign D° -Glass -

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) - . ......

D° - - - - (Excite) -

Paper - - - (Customs) - ......

D° - - . - (Excise) after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid

Slates and Stones -

Attornies Articles -

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duty on Sugar

Britishi Spirits - -

Foreign D®

Wines -

Sweets -

Cocoa -

Stamps -

Ship Policies

Hair Powder Certificates

Receipts -

Fruits

Coals Tea

DUTIES pro A* 1705:

in Franking by°Act ^37^eo^i I^ cap^Y * comPuted Annual increase of Revenue, by reason of the Reltri&ion

c

£, 1. d.

14,527,581 1

3,000 _

11 15 8J

173 id 7i

4.313 2 2

1,004 11 —

2,458 5 si

585 —

1,843 11 9

1,487 4 ij

35,4i8 4 7

1,208 16 6

254 17 11

119 10 11

17 13 d

217 7 d

10 Q

95 10 11

1,245 6 l

25,000 — —

l — 5

850 —

4

13,500 — —

2,107 7 5

500 — —

42,793 — 9

4>2©3 11 *—

j 1,866 13 4

12,714 — 7

498 — 9

43 5 8

113 12 5

900 — —

0 <0 00 <0 19 t

108,040

28,200 14 m /

83,381 14 7

90,790 — —

3iO;4i2 9 2

231,426 _ , -

109,798 — —

— —

55,739 — —

35 2 91

68,727 — —

3.727 18 f4

63,742 — —

16,091 11 4

6 —

79^,688 18 4

17 *>654 9

968,343 8

81,244 '

219,826 — —

565.515 — —

7.545 —

28,642 — —1

36,365 3 9

108,108 0 4

7,8*3 s 9

10,536 l6 1

114,39, 6 11

18,129 3 10.J

‘•*35,39° 17 3l

40,000 — —

1,473,577 2 ni

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

903

Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th of January 1803—continued.

C II A R G E—continued.

Brought forward

0 Marquis of Bute - « - on his Annuity _

Philip Deare, Esq. - - - on D° - - - * -

John Thomas Butt, Esquire, one of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts - - - on D°

Sir Charles W. R. Boughton, Bart. another - on D° _ —

Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie D* - _ on D"* _ _ _ , — m

John Martin I/'ake, Esq. D° - - on ir _ _ _ m

John Erikine, Esq. - D° - _ on D° _ _ m

Reginald Pole Carew, Esq. D° - _ on D* _ _ _ *

Sir John Dick - D° - - on D° _ _ .. -

Sala; ies to Clerks, and Contingencies in the Orliee of tire fetid Commilhuners -

John Penn, Esquire ----- on his Annuity - -

Richard Penn, Klip ...... on lhtio -

C li irle?! Duke oi Kirhmnnd, on his Annuity (granted in lieu of a Duty upon Coals) by Act 39 Geo. 111. rap. S4. ——

The MafVr of I li.s Majesty's Mint in England -

- - - 1>° - -- -- - in Scotland ——

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in 1-ingland and Scotland -

The Skcriiis of England and Wales -

The Keeper of the ihmaper in Chancery - - - - f - -

The Right honourable Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Annuity of £. 6,000 -

William Baldwin, Esq. Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, established pursuant to Act 32 Geo. III. to pay the Salaries of Clerks,&c. of the said Offices -

Patrick Cohquhoun, Esq. Receiver of the Thames Police Office established pursuant to Act of Parliament ——

George Atwood, Esq wire, Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of Act 30 Geo. ill-- -Officers of the Paymasters of E:; diequer Bill Office, for their Trouble in respect of Exchequer Bills Funded, pursuant to Act 4-Geo. HI. cap. 8. ——

Chief Cailiier of the Tank of England, to pay Fees of Various natures at the Treasury, Exchequer, tVc. in relation to his Account of the several Bank Annuities

Aaron Graham, Khjuiro, Inspector of the temporary Places of Confinement of Felons previous to Transportation, for 11 Days and One Quarter from 25th March to and for 5th July 1802, at £. 350 per amumi, per Act 42 Goo III. cap. 28. - -

Chief Cufliierof the South Sea Company, to reimburse Fees and Charges in passing his Accounts, three Years to 5 ill January 1802 -

Total CHARGE upon the CONSOLIDATED FUND, for Debt 7 f exilting prior to the Year 1703 - - * -

Actu.il Pjyment out or the Con(oli.!ntfd Fund, in th<* Year . ended 5th J.muary 1803.

Future Annual Charge upon the ConColiGated Fund, as it Hood on 5th January 1803.

Appendi:

(No. 35.

Itfdi'i

continued.

£. 6-. d. £■ J.

1°,73-,737 18 of 10,930,116 l8 11}

-,000 7,000

300 — — 3OO — —

1,000 1,000

1,000 1,000

435 11 4 1,000

5<o 5 >0

120 5 O.i 500

475 5 6

373 H U

6,000 6,000 y—

3,000 3,000

1,000 1,000

12,666 13 4 12,666 13 4

10,350 13^0

1,200 1,200

2,95<5 13 8 U956 13 8

4,000 4,000

3,000

599 — 2

14,383 1 —

7.771 11 4?

750

) Uncertain.

400

L507 4 —

273 3 10]

303 — 2 J

10,820,109 2 5J >0.985,99° 5 >ij

D EBT incurred in respectof£.4,500,000, raised A° 1703r

Annuities oti £. 6,250.000, £. 3 per-cont. added to £. 3 per-cent. ConfokdaLed Annuities, with

Charges nf Mani-eemont - 1 -

Ditto - at £. 1 per-ceiil. on ( funded linee 5th January 1793, payable to the Commissioners

appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total Cuarge for Debt incurred in the Year 1703 - - £.

DEB T incurred in respect of £. 11,000.000, raised A0 1704, mid by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before lit March 1793, being funded:

Annuities on £.11,000,000, at £.3 p-r-Cont. added to £.3 per-Cont. Consolidated Annuities’,

with Charged of Management ——

D* - - on £. 2,750,000, rft £.4 per-Cent. added to £.4 per-Cont. Consolidated Annuities,

with D° - " -

D° - - for 661. Years at 11.?. 5 d. per-Cont. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities,

with D° ...... -

I)® - - on £.1,926,525. 12.9. 5 d. at £.5. per-Cent. added to £.5 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities 011 Account of Navy Bills, <Kc. cancelled, with D° -

I)° - - at £. 1 per-Cent. payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1704 - *

DEBT incurred in rcfnect of £.18,000,000, raised A° 1705, and by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before 30th September 1793, being funded:

Annuities on £.18,000,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent Consolidated Annuities,

with Charges of Management -

D° - - on £.6,000,000, at £.4 per-Cent. added to £.4 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities,

with D° ...... -

D° - - for 651 Y'cars, at 9 9. 6 d. per-Cent. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities,

with D° ......

D° - - on £. 1,600,807. 17. I. at £.5 per-Cent. added to£. 5 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities,

on Account of Navy Bills, &c. cancelled, with D° -

D°____for£. 1 per-Ceut. payable to the Commissioners fod the Reduction of the National Debt -

' Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1795 - -

Vol. 58. to X

190,312 IO 62,500 ---

252,812 IO

190,312 K>

62,500 —

252,812 10 —

334.950 — 334,950 —

111,237 >° — 111,2371« —

3,498 1 5 i 63,498 1 si

97,193 4 4 97>>93 4 4

106,445 5 — 166,445 5 —

773,324 — 9i 773-324 — 9i

548,100 — — 548,100 — —

to \o O 0 1 1 242,700

86,461 17 6 86,461 17 6

81,219 6 xi 81,219 6 11

268,933 19 6 268,93$ 19 6

1,227,415 3 11 1,227,415^ 311

904 Appendix. ^4. 1803.

Appendix,

( (No. 35.)

2 5* Ma

l' cvntimud.

i __________;

1. - Account of the Income in the Consolidated Fund of

I N C O M E—continued.

DUTIES pro A° 1796:

Tobacco, Ac. ——

ilorie Dealers Licences

Wine (Customs) ——

D° - (Excile) - -

Sweets ——

Surplus of Duty on Legacies, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid D° ......: on 1 has----- d® ----- D® ......

Consolidated Duties on Horses for Riding, &c.

D® - for Husbandry, -

Referred byA&s 38 Geo. Ill Cap. 40 cV 41, in lieu of Dutic; A° 1706, then repealed, out of

f V WI1JMM

\ I)° -

S 1 I)® -

f i Duties repcij

Dogs

at /. 106,000 per Ann. at/. 95>°°° D° at /. 70,000 D°

ies Consolidated A° 1798, in lieu of the Duty of /. 10 per-Cent. A° 1796, then epealed - - - - at £. 80,190 per Ann.

Computed Annual Saving by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt - -

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the Computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar - -

/. s. d.

200,039-----

1,072 16 6

503,079 4 -4

7,804-----

90,no lu 5 2 7*7 99 5

1 (>6,oooo-----

95.000 -

7 3, M>5 4 7i

10^,170 13 7

32.000 -

133,351 H

DUTIES pro A0 1797:

TVp;w

Wrought Plate -JVrihili Spirits -Foreign 1)° Auctions

Surplus of Deeds, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -C«*coa ——

Clocks, Arrears ——

Stage Coaches ——

Sufeur ...... -

Pricks -

rJ’ea -

£. *20 per-Cent. on A fiefied Taxes - -- - - - . - -

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, after reserving as diie&ed by Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. Horses used for Riding, &c. - - - - D°

- - I) ' — for Husbandry - D* -

Male Servants ----- D* - -

I)ogs - ...... ----- D®

Monies and Windows, - - - D*

Inhabited Houses - -- -- D3

Surplus of Con-lolidated Duties on ——

- cap. 40. -

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, by Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. /. 198,40s per Ann.

Reserved by Act 42 Geo. 111. out of ——

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages at/. 7,425 per Ann. cap. 37.

Dories used for Ruling. Arc.-at/. 76,432 per Ann/

D° - - for Husbandry--at/. 169,513 per Ann. I

Male Servants.........at /. 51,160 per Ann.

Dugs ----- at /. 570 per Ann.

1 loufes and Windows - - -• at /. 409,140 per Ann.

Inhabited Houses - - - - at/. 32,356 per Ann. j a^‘

i r?

...... {

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duty on Sugar -

Money paid by Puget, for Intereston Account of/. 1,500,000 (Part of Loan of/. 14,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Act 37 Geo. 111. cap 144.

DUTIES pro A° 1798:

Armorial Hearings Tea -

Spnit Licences -

inn plus of Duties on Salt, after reserving the Sum directed to be set apart by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 89.

Money paid by Mefirs. Puget and Cambridge, for Interest on Account of /. 2,000,000 (Part of a Loan of/. 17,000,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 90. -

Brought to this

J rought to this Account by f AD 39 Geo. HI. f s*iV. 2. cap. HI. j

Out of Duties on IiKome

Brought u« tb s Account to satisfy Debt heretofore charged mme Duties which were r by Ad 42 Geo. 111. cap. -

nt to satisfy rged on In- f rere repealed f cap. 42- -)

Out of Duties A® 1802

1.376,892 Q -I /i

18 6

6 11 2i

108,410 — —

221,531 — —

86,^98 — —

572,511 2 4

— —

»«3 15 —i

58,43'i 17 2

1 1 7, O0O 4 6$

3^,058 — —

30^0^2 16 -i

376 1 —

30^74 16 n

78.54i 36 1/,

127,115 *3 7 i

58.457 11 41

P*877 1 3i

383*9^8 12 3i H

47>°5° 10

198,408 — —

187 12 4 j

19,108 — -—

42,378 5 —

12,790 — —

142 10 —

102,285 — —

8,089 — —

2,761,616 15

160,926 l 9i

126,749 0 7

3,0/} 0,201 18 ii

12,50s 12 6

151,003 18 -J

500 — —

5 * 8,965 — —

683.757 10

167,307 6 5

253,543 19

253,543 >9 2

1,358.152 15 .31

4-i Geo. III.

Appendix.

905

Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th of January 1803—continued.

C II A R G E—continual.

DEBT incurred in respect of £.18,000,000, and £.7,500,000, raid'd A° 1796, and by reason of Navy Bills, N:c. made out before the 301I1 September 1795, being funded:

By

£•18,000,000 J raised A0 1796.

f Annuities on £.*21,595,800, at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Consolidated * Annuities, with Charges of Management ——

D° - - on £.4,500,000 at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 por-cenC Reduced Annuities, with D° ——

D* - - for 64] Years, at 6 s. 6d. per-cent, added to Long Consolidated Annuities, with D® -

Annuities on £. 8,934,-200* at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management -D° - - on £. 1,859,625, at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Reduced Annuities, with 1)° ——

I)° - - for 63 J Years, at 5 s. 6d. per-cent, added to Long Consolidated Annuities, with D°

Annuities on £.4,414,074. 4. 6. at £.5 per-cent, added to £.5 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account of Navy Bills, \c. cancelled -

D° -----£. 1 per-cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Conuni Hi oners for the Reduction of

the National Debt -

By

£. 7,500,000 raised A° 1796:

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Y'ear 1796

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 14,500,000, and £. 18,000,000, raised A° 1797, and by reason of Navy and Exchequer Bills being funded:

By

£. 14.500,000 j raised '

A° 1797-

r

By Navy Bills Funded.

By

Exchequer Bills Funded.

Bv

Annuities on £. 18,125,000, at £.3 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management ——

D° - - on £. 7,250,000, at £. 3 per-cent, added to £. 3 per-cent. Reduced Annuities, with D° -

D* - - 011 £.2,900,000, at £.4 per-cent, added to £.4. per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, with D° -

D° — for 62^ Years, at 6 s. per-cent, added to Long Consolidated Bsink Annuities, with D° - -

Annuities on £.16,438,175. 5s. at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, with Charges of Management -

I)® - - on £.765,427. lu. 6d. at £.4 per-cent, added to £. 4 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, with

D° ......

D® - - on £.2,034,889. 115. id. at £.5 per-cent, added to £.5 per-cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, * with D° - -

Annuities on £. 1.000,699. 4*. 4d. at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Con-fnlidated Annuities, created 011 Account of Exchequer Bills funded, with Charges of Management -

D° - - on £. 104,432. 55. 8 </. at £.4 per-cent, added to £.4 per-cent. Confo-Jidated Annuities, created on Account gf Exchequer Bills funded,

with !)• ......

D® - - on £. 270,202. 4 s. 8 d. at £. 5 per-cent, added to £.5 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded, with D® ——

£. 18,000,000 S Annuities on £.20,124,843. 155. at £.5 per-cent, with Charges of Management raised A* 1797-J

Annuities at £. 1 per-cent, on the above Sums payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1797 DEBT incurred in respect of £. 17,000,000, raised A° 1798:

By

£. 9,000,000, Part of £. 17,000,000 rail>d Ao ^98.

By

£. 8,000,000 Part of £. 17,000,000 raised

A°1798.

f Annuities on £.13,500,000, at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities (in rci’ped of £. 9,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000), with Charges of Management -

D* - - on £. 4,500,000, at £. 3 per-cent, added to £. 3 per-cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £. 9,000,000), with D® -D° ,— for 6i;^ Years, at 45. 11 d. per-cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° -

D* - - at £. 1 per-cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Cornmiftioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

r Annuities on £. 12,000,000, at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Consolidated Annuities, (in respect of £. 8,000,000, Remainder of the said £. 17,000,000), with Charges of Management -D# - - on £.4,000,000, at £.3 per-cent, added to £.3 per-cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £.8,000,000), with 1)°

D® - - for 61 j Years, at 45. n d. per-cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1798 - - £.

Aflual Payment oat of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year enaw’d 5th January 1803. Future Annual Charge upon the Co:if\'iJated Fund, as it Hood on the 5th J-muary 1803.

£. 5. d.

657>59o 2 2 657.592 2 a

137*025 137,025

59>i58 2 6 59,15$ 2 6

272,046 7 o\ 272.046 7 gj

56,625 11 7 56,625 11 7

20,813 18 6 80,813 18 6

222,690 — 10* 323,690 — 10J

424,421 19 10 424,421 19 10

>.850,373 3 3 1,850,373 3 3

551,906 5 — 551,906 5 —

220,762 10 — 220,762 10 —

117*305 U7,305

43.989 7 6 43,989 7

500,54a 8 8J 500,543 8 8}

30,961 10 10 30,961 10 10

102,660 3 6 102,660 3 6

60,890 16 9J 60,89a 16 9$

4,224 5 81 4,224 5 8j

13,631 14 —

1,015,298 7 4 1,015,298 7 4

706,046 13 7 706,046 13 7

3,368,219 a 11J 3,368,219 2 11J

4U,°75 411,075 — —

137.025 137,025 — —

22,373 18 i£ 22,373 18 i|

182,880 182,880

753.353 *8 1 j 753,353 1* ij

365,400 — — 365,400

121,800 121,800

19,887 18 4 19,887 18 4

1,260,441 16 5J 1,260,441 16 5

Appendix (No. 35.) 25* Mart ii

continued.

906

Appendix.

A. 1803.

(No. 35.) 25* Mart it,

I continued.

l.—Account of the Income of the Conibi.Mated Fund of

I N C O M E—continued.

DUTIES pro A0 1799.

roiTce and Sugar - -

Duty on Small Notes -Corupositions for Stumps per Bank

Moik v pa.d by AI^ firs. Pneetand Bainbridge for Interest, &c. on Account of £. 3,000,000 (part of Loan of£. 15,500,000) advanced to tilt* Government of Ireland, by Ad 39 Geo. III. - - - - * - -

Brought to this Account r

By Act 39 Geo. III. f cap. 3. J

Out of Duties, on Income

Brought to this Account, to satisfv Debt, heretofore charged on

Income Duties, (

which were repealed By Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. J

Out of Duties, i8t>2

DUTIES pro A* 1800.

British Spirits Foreign D°

Tea -

Spirit Licences

Money paid determined by Mcflrs. Puget and Bainbridge for Interest, &c. on Account of £. 3,000,000. (part of Loan of£. 20,500,000.) advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Act 40 Geo. Ill, -

Brougtit to this T Account, f

By Ad 40 Geo. III. £ cap. 3. )

Out of Duties on Income

Brought to this Account, to satisfy Debt heretofore charged on Income Duties, which were repealdF-By Ad 42 Geo. ILL cap. 42.

I Out of Duties, 1802

DUTIES pro A* 1801.

Stamps

Paper (Customs) -- \)° - (Excite) Timber, &c.

Tea -

Surplus of Letter Money, after referring the Sums directed to he set apart -llorfes for 1 lufbandrjf -

- D° for Hiding ——

Poferved by Ad 42 1 . f f Horses for Riding - - at £.32,500, per Annum

Geo. III. cap. 37. J OUt °* | - D° for lluibandry - at£.40,000, - - - D° -Surplus of Paper (Excise) by Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 94

L *. d.

104,728 16 2 2 16,060 16 1

12,000-----

*33^89 12

21V273 13 11

993,081 5 —

5 —

932,125 l6 2|

111,951

221,507

152,443 lS —J 212,250-----

697*451 18 —£ 126,978 2 6

322.693 17 6

322.693 17 6

1,460,817 15 6j

507,142 7 6

3,607 15 6.1 0(1,007 —

274-704 — Pt

3°:?>74° 1(5 — k

2 86,030 -----*

80,608 -

62,350 -

32,500 -

40,000 -

40,788-----

1,730,753 19 10

177*712 — /

1,908,465 19 11

Money paid determined by MefTrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest and Management on Account of £.2,500,000. (Part of Loan of £. 28,000,000), advanced to the Government of Ireland - ......

333.

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix;

907

r^0i

, i

Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1803—continued.

C II A R G E—continued.

DEBT incurred in respe&of £.3,000,000, and £. 15,500,000, raised A0 1799:

r Annuities on £. 3,000,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cont. Consolidated gy I Annuities, with Charges of Management -

£ 3000000 ' * * D° - on £. 2,624,250, at £. 3-per Cent, added to £.3 per-Cent. Reduced

raised. ’) Annuities, in respect of the said £. 4,500,000. with D° - -"

I * r D° - at £. 1 per-Cent. 011 the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for L the Reduction of the National Debt -

By f Annuities on £.5,625,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £. 3’per-Cent. Consolidated f 4.S00000 1 Annuities, in respect of £.4,500,000 (Part of £. 15>500>°oo), with Charges of Part of ’) Management ......

r ir coo.oooo I " 7 " on £‘25-50>o°0, at£. 3 per-Cent. add- d to£. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annui-

* ruilfed * ties (in respect of the said £.4,500,000), with D° -

raised A0 1799.

- - D° - at £. 1 per-Cent. on the above Sums, payable to she Commissioners for the Reduction, of the National Debt -

By

£.11,000,000, Part of £. 15,500,000, raised A0

500,000,; pail'ed 1

11799- I

Annuities on £. 13,500,000, at £■ 3 per-Cent. mlded to £■ 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, (in respect of £. 11,000,000, Remainder of the said £. 15,500,000), with Charges of Management -

- 1)° - on £.5,500,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £.3 per-Cent Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £. 11,000,000), with D° - -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1799 - - £.

1011

DEBT incurred in resp^cl of £.20,500,000, raised A* 1800i

By C Annuities on £. 7,700,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated £.7,000,000,1 Annuities, with Charges of Management -

Part of / - - D° - on £. 3,290,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced

£. 20,500,000,\ Annuities, with D° ——

raised I - - D° - at £. 1 per-Cent. on the above Sums payable to the Commissioners for the A° 1800. Reduction of the National Debt

By £.13,500,000, Annuities on £.14,850,000, at£.3 per-Cent. added to £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Part of f Annuities, with Charges of Management -

£. 20,500,000, f - - D° - on £. 6,345,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced raised A° 1800. 3 Annuities, with D° ——

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1800 -----£.

DEBT incurred in respect of £.28,000,000, raised A0 1801.

Annuities on £. 35,000,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management -

Annuities on £.14,210,000, at £.3 per-Cont. added to £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D° ...... -

Annuities at£. 1 per-Cent. on the above Sums, payable to the Commit oners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1801 * - - £.

D E BT incurred in resppft of Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 102. and cap. 104. and of 41 Geo. III. cap. 81. and cap. 82. with £.50 per-Cent. subscribed thereon pursuant to Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 8. being funded:

x\nnuities on £.2,227,612. 10. at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management - ■» - -

Annuities on £.2,227,612. 10. at£. 3 per-Cent. added to£. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, with Da

Annuities on £.4,455,225, at £.4 per-Cent. added to £.4 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, withii° - # - - ......

Annuities or £.2,227,612. 10. at £.5 per-Cent. added to £.5 per-Cent. Annuities* A0 1797, with D° - - t

Annuities for 58^ Years at if. 9 d. per-Cent. added to Long Consolidated Annuities, with D* -

Annuities at£. i per-Cent. on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - J * - - - 4 - * •

Actual Piyment * out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Yeai ended 5th January 1803. Future Annua) Charge* upon the ConlO'idatru Fundj as it flood on the 5th January 1803.

£. s. £■ '*• d.

91)350 91,350 — —

79,908 8 3 79,908 8 3

356,24a 10 — 56,242 10 — 1

227,500 18 3 227,500 18 3

" 171,aSi 5 —;

68,512 10 — 68,51a 10 —

78,750

540,044 13 3 546,044 13 3

418,687 10 418,687 10 —

167,475 — — 167,475

1,132,207 3 3 1,132,207 3 3

*34465 , 234,465

100,180 10 100,180 10

109,900 — — 109,900

444*545 10 — 444,545 10 —

452,182 10 — 452,18a 10 —

193*05 5 — 193,205 5 —

1,089,933 5 — i,o89,933 5 —

1,081,500 1*065,750

524,231 — ii 432,694 10 —

492,100 — 492,100

2,097,831 — ij 1,990,544 10 — ——j.

74,343 12 9 67,830 16

67,830 16 — 67,830 16 —

180,213 17 — 180,213 17 —

112,38^ 1 — 112,383 i —

7,884 7 li 7,884 7 i|

112,222 12 6 112/222 12 6

554,878 6 4i 548,365 9 7!

)OQ

Appcr. (No. 3 *5* M

con! in v

Vol. c2

908

Appendix.

A. 1803.

appendix, (No. 35.) 2j° Martii\ continued•

1.—Account of the Intome of the Consolidated Fund of

INCOM E—continued.

DUTIES Anno 1802.

Irish Spirits Malt (cap. 38.)

Goods and Shipping - , -

Beer - -

Paper (Customs)

- I)0 (Excise) - -

Dogs -INJide Servants -Four and Two-wheeled Carriages -Surplus of Duty on Monies and Windows

- - I Ioufcs -

- - - - - Hiding Horses

----- Husbandry I lories ----- Male Servants

----- Dogs -

----- Beer -

Carried to Duties,

Annis 1708, 1709, and 1800, to satisfy Debts, heretofore charged ( on the Duties on Income.

£. s. d.

I nt ere ft and Management on £.8,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000,

raised A° 1798 - 253,543 19 2

Interest and Management on £.11,000,000, Part of £.15,500,000,

raised A0 1709 - - - - 293,081 5 —

Interest and Management on £. 13,500,000, Part of £. 20,500,000,

raised A° 1800 ----- 322,693 17 6

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Cambridge for Interest, Management, &c. on Account of £.2,000,000, Part of Loan of £.28,000,000, raised for the Service of Ireland ——

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, applicable towards paying the Charge existing prior to the Year 1793

Total of Duties impeded towards defraying Additional Charge created Anno 1793 -

I)

- - - D° -

- - - 1)° -

- - - !>• -

- - - D° -

- - - 1)° -

- - - D° -

- - - D# -

- - - D° -

1794

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

1800

1801

r8o2

Money paid by Abraham Newland, Esq. on Account of the Commissioners for the Blue of Exchequer Bills, pursuant to Ad 35 Geo. III. cap. ——

Canal and Dock Duty, per Ad 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. A® 1799

Arrears of Voluntary Contributions

- - - Additional AlVefled Taxes

- - - Income Duty A° 170Q

----- - 1800

----- - 1801

- - - Goods and Shipping 1798

Brought to this Account from Supplies 1802 and 1803, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Consolidated Customs for Bounties on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice Imported ....... ......

£■ d.

8,836-----

656,042-----

813,962 14 oj 96,284-----

3,673-----

h ,300 — —

2, ,700 — —

3 400 — —

166. u) - 1 — si

44- 462 '19 5

8 10.}

4*. -332 12 /1

16, 961 16 if

a. on 7 1J

2b, '749 4 3

J>957)34° 12 io|

869,319 1 8

1,088,021 11 2

79,260 19 a

1,167,282 10 4i

14,686,909 19 1

3,0>4,2 9 2

968,343 8 3i

1.473-577 2

1,376,89a 9 7i

3,049, -2<»l 18

1,358,152 *5 3l

932,125 16 2j

1,469,817 15 Gl

1,908,465 19 11

1,167,-282 10 43

18,710,272 4 7

O O ‘2 to — —

1 >739 15 , 1 /*

5,000 — —

47A25 11 7-1

3°»°97 13 5-1

7 7-1

8 —

49,143 19 3-1

2,166,875 8 10'

32,4-23,005 9

the 2

Exchequer,

5th Day of March 1803. J

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

909

Great Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1803—continued.

C II A R G E—continued.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 25,000,000, raised A° 1802:

Annuities on £. 16,250,000, at£. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Consoliduted Annuities, with

Charges of Management

Charges of Management on £. i»74°>^‘*5> added to Ditto, the Interest of which does not commence

till 5th January 1808 ----- ......

Annuities on £. 15,000,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities with D° -£ 1 per-Cent. on the Capital of £. 1,300,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, £. 1,200,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; and £. 130,250, deferred Stock in £ 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, being the Proportion funded on Account of Ireland, by £. 2,000,000, Part of the above £.25,000,000 ......

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1802 -----£.

Total Charge upon Consolidated Fund for Debt exiting prior to the Year 1793 -

Total Charge of Interefr, Management, and £. 1 per-Cent. incurred A0 1793 -

...... 1794 ——

...... ,795 ....

D* 1796 -

l)# 1797 -

D* - -- -- -- 1798 -

D° - -- -- -- 1799 -

D° - -- -- -- 1800 - - -

D° ...... 1801 -

D° ...... 1802 -

Thomas Marsham, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills pursuant to Act 35 Geo. ill. cap. for defraying necessary Expences -

Richard Clarke, Esquire, Chamberlain of the City of London, in Part of the further Sun of £. 50,000 authorized by Ad 42 Geo. ill. (Pub. Loc. and Perf. Acts, cap. 49.) to be issued for the Purposes therein mentioned - -

ADDITIONAL CHARGES, for which no Additional Provision has been made:

His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales 11 is Royal Highness Edward Duke of Kent - -

His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland-John Earl St. Vincent -

Adam Viscount Duncan -

Horatio Baron Nelson ——

Sir James Marriott ——

Sir William Henry Aihurlt -

Sir Richard Perryn -

Sir John Skynner -

Sir William Sidney Smith -

Baroness Abercromby - -

Alexander Earl of Rofslvn - -

Ills Royal Highness Adolphus Frederick Duke of Cambridge His Royal Highness Augustus Frederick Duke of Sussex -Loid liutchinlon -

James Morriion, Eft mi re, Receiver of Fees and Emoluments in the Office of Mailer of the Mint in the Tower of London - * -

The Judges of England and Master of the Rolls, to complete their Salaries -James W yatt, Eiuuire, to defray the Expence of erecting a Lazaretteon Chetney Hill in the County of Kent -

A&ua; Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1803. Future Annual Charge, upon the Conf lidaied Fund, as it Hood on the 5th January 1803.

£■ *. d. £■ '■ d.

487,500 494,812 10 —

783 5 7

26,428 10 — 456,750

19,794 7 6 26,392 10 —

1,088,()01 3 li'.J 1,527,103 15 2j

10,820,109 2 5f 10,985,090 5 n|

252, Sl2 IO 252,812 10 .—

773.324 — 9' 773,324 — 9i

1,227,415 3 11 1,227.415 3 11

•>850,373 3 3 1,850,373 3 3

3,308,219 2 11A 3,368,219 2 11J

1,260,441 16 1,260,441 16 5J

1,132,207 3 3 1,132,207 3 3

1,^89,933 5 — 1,089,933 5 —

2,097,831 — ij i>99‘,544 1° —

1,088,601 3 io| 1,527,103 15 2|

Per Ad, Geo. III. cap.

35- 129.

39- *9-

38. 21.

33. 22.

39* 1.

39- 58.

39- 110.

41. 5*

4l* 59-

39. no.

42* 48.

42. 113-

39- 94-

39- no.

39 & 4°* 8c*

1

24,961,267 12 —£

1,500 -

35,000-----

- /On their Annuities

65,000 65,000

12,000 12,000

12,000 12,000

2,000 2,000

2,000 2,000

2,000 2,000

2,000 2,000

2,000 2,000

1,500 —

5oo 500 —

1,000 1,000

2,00b 2,000

4,000 4,600

12,000 12,000

12,000 12,000

2,695 17 2,000 — —

2,298 1 8 )

5d5i 19 9 > Uncertain.

30,000 )

25,169,913 n — 25>59°,864 16 9J

CONDITIONAL CHARGE, for which no additional Provision has been made Annuities on £«3’833>3o

£«3^'33>333- 6. 8. at £.3 per-Cent. created by Ad 35 Geo. III. by reason of £. 4,000,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany; his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act made payable out of the Consolidated Fund -

Charges of Management on D° -

Annuity for 25 Years, created by the said Act -

Charges of Management on D°- ——

Annuities on £. 3,669,300, at £. 3-per-Cent. created by Ad 37 Geo. III. by reason of £.1,620,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany; his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund ——

Charges of Management on D° -£. 1 per-Cent. - - - on D° -

TOTAL of the Actual Paymf.xt Out of, and Future Charge Upon, the 7 CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Year ended 5th January 1803 - - J

James Ftjheri

115.000 —

1,7*5 —

230.000 —

2,587 10

110,079 — 1,506 18

3c,<393 —

25(667,50-1.19 1

25,458,364 16 9$

Uncertain.

5,590,864 16 9

Append!: (N°. 3 5

25° M

continued,

910

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No-35-)

2 Mar liti

' continued.

(2) — An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the PERMANENT TAXES of Giikat Britain, existing before the V * * year 1703; and also, of the TAXES imputed in each i'ubiequent year; taken for two years, ending respectively upon 5U1

January 1802 and 5th January 1803.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducing /-116,67s. 5- 8. by Ad 35 C.oo. ITT. cap. 15.

to he carried to Account of Jhities pro A0 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on account of the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation oi Sugar -

QUARANTINE DUTY -£. 4-.J-PER-CENTUM -CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES

Rcfet ved

"By Act 34. Geo. III. cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper, A® 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 75,000 per annum -I)° - cap. 33. - - D® - - on Spirit Licences, A*

1794. - - D° - - at £. 36,000 per annum -

By Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 38. - - Dtt - - on Beer, A® 1802, at

£« 1^4,539. 3. per annum . * "

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES -

Compositions for Stamps per Bank -

Medicine Duty, by Act 42 Geo. III. ——

'By Ad 33 Geo. IIL cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts. A° 1793, in lieu of Duties then repealed; at £. 128,600 per annum -By Ad 36 - - - cap. 125. out of - - D* - - - on Hats, A°

1796 - - D® - - at £.9,479. 11. per annum -

By Act 36 - - * cup. 52. out of - - D° - - - on Legacies,

A° 1796 - D® - - at £.41,079 per annum -

By Ad 37 - - - cap. 10. out of - - D* - - - on Deeds, A°

- 1797 - - D° - - at £. 156,605 per annum -

Refer ved

INCIDENTS:

Referred, by Ad 37 Geo. III. cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the year 1795 -

D® - - by Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 65. out of Consoliduted Duty on Salt, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.374,220 per annum -

llonfes mid Windows, at £.327,900 per annum -D® - - on account of Commutation Duty; at£.515,000 per annum ——

Inhabited IJoufcs, - - - at £.148,600 per annum Male Servants, - - - - at £. 93,000 per annum Horli*s for Riding, &c. at £. 106,000 per annum W our and Two-wheeled Carriages, at £. 200,000 per annum -

Referred from Duties Consolidated by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 40. and 41. in lieu of Duties then repealed, out of -

Sri rums -

Frofers -

Alum Mines -

Com portions -Alienation Duty -

Fines and Forfeitures -

6d. per Lab. on IV.ilions ltf. — 1>° - - Salaries Hawkers, and Pedlars -

IhirknevCoa hes and Chairs Rent of a Lighihouse Lottery Licences -Fii (t Emits of the Clergy Ten ills - - D®

Arrears of Duty on -

J I lrnolle Servants

D UTI E S pro Anno 179s*.

Rritifli Spirits, A° 1701 ...... . - -

Game Duty -

Surplus id iulh and Receipts, alter refTv'ing the Average Produce as aforesaid R^l^rad onto! Du he* Gout oi*, A® 1798, 111 lieu of£. 10 per-cent. 1791, then repealed

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Foreign Spirit*, A* 1701 ......

L-K:ll< 1)°-----1794 -

Foreign D® -

G lats -

Bucks and iiles (Custmn^) -D° - (Etvcite) -

Paper (Cuitoiiu) ......

Sirens °’ ■>" - (Excite) after rr(ervi«i« the Avr-race Produce as aforesaid -

I'hui ami S.m,s . _ _ "

‘ttornip.s

Ih - *‘d out <A Pa

In the \ EARS Ended

5th January 1802.

l^per (a Act 42 Geo. 111. cap. 94. £. 134,‘>32. per annum

£. *. d.

1,286,633 7 — i

300 — 4 11,543 18 'll 5,679,908-----

75.000 -

500-----

1,050,090 19 8

12.000 -

128,600-----

9.479 11 —

41,079-----

156,605-----

8,452,639 16 2

4io,55<5-----

374,220-----

327,900-----

515.000 -

148,600 — —

03,000-----

106.000 — —

*>4.835 15 ij

>Ui January 1803.

£■ «- (L

833,028 18

8»453 13 7 7.8+6 5 n| 6.563,011 17 3$.

75,000-----

+M34 15 9

1.083,249 4 ji

12,000 -

14,101 2 Id

128,600-----

9,479 11 — — —

156,605 —

8,973-58910 —j

72,064 5 *4

617 — 4

960 — —

— 10 —

3>ll9 18 8

43.-97 — —

32,606 5 — A

U34 — —

*4*379 4

6 13 4

260 7 4

2.626 16 51

9.865 1 15 3i

1 it 3

*.374-* 12 D v!

53.9*6

*3,335 3 8

lo7,4i!() 1 3

95.79° — —

* 80,517 4 11

204,506

53»5io — —

214,619 — —

49,1.37 — —

4 8 6

64.159 — —

1.728 9 9

117,404 — —

15 A 95 13 5 h

22,722 5 3 1

742.985 16 11A

410,556 — 374,0.0 — 3.7,900 —

515.000 -

148,600-----

93,000-----

106.000 -

200.000 -

62,073 3 71 640 19 2

960-----

1 13 4

2,941 5 4

580-----

67,728-----

57,988 3 ;i

4-^5-----.

2.3,055 13 si 6 1.8 4 097 8 8 2,962 17 ci\ 9,833 7 10 — 4 —

2,411,720 9 7

108,040-----

28,200 14 7 83.381 14 7 90.790-----

310,412 0 2

231,426-----

109,798-----

221.743

55,789-----_

35 9§

68,727-----

3-7*7 18 2 c

30,084 ---* -

16,091 n 4 25,650 6 —-

33 Ad 8 _____JL-----—

796,688 18 4

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

911

The Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, &C;—continued.

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

British Spirits - - - . , , , _ _ ,

Foreign D° - , * _ _

Wines ......

Sweets * - 1 ....

Cocoa -Stamps -

Ship Policies - . ......

Hair Powder Certificates -

Receipts - -- -- ......

Fruits -

Coals * ......

Tea ......

Spirit Licences -

Reserved otit of Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason

of the Reltridion in Franking, by Act 35 Geo. III. -

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Tobacco, &c. -Horse Dealers Licences Wine (Customs)

D# - (Excise)

Sweets

Surplus of Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

D° - - - Hats - - - D° - - - L)° ......

Reserved by Acts 38 Geo. III. f Riding Horl’es, &c. at £. 106,000 per annum -

cap. 40. and 41. in 1 llufbandry Holies - at £. 95,000 per annum -

lieu of Duties 1796,* Dogs - at £. 70,000 per annum -

then repealed; out J Duties Consolidated A° 1798, on account of £. 10 per-Cent,

of ----- * then repealed, at £. 80,190 per annum -

Computed Annual Saving by reducing the Allowance for Waite on Salt -

Brought from Confoid Culioms, £.116,676. 5. 8. being the computed Annual Saving on Account of the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar ——

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Pepper ----- ......

Wrought Plate

British Spirits -

Foreign D° ——

Auctions -

5urplus of Deeds, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

Cocoa ——

Clocks, &c. (Arrears) ——

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar -

Bricks - - ......

Tea ——

Spirit Licences (cap. 17.) -

D* - - - (cap. 10*2.) -

£.20 pei-Cent, on A defied Taxes ——

/Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, after reserving as directed by Ad 38 Geo III, cap. 41

Surplus of Consolidated; Duties on -

Horses used lor Riding -Hones - - llufbandry ~ -

Male Servants -

Dogs -

Houses and Windows -Inhabited Houses -

Letter Money, by Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 18. -

Reserved out of Consol* Letter Money, by Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. at £. 198,408 per annum ’‘Cap. 37. - Four and Two-wheeled Carriages at £. 7,4*25 per annum

D°

Do

D°

D®

D° cap. 40. -

D°

Reserved by Ad 42 Geo. III.

C Horses used for Riding

_ ID0--- llufbandry -

Cap. 17. - -< MaJe Servants

t Dogs - -r C Houses and Windows

Cap. 34- - -1 inhabited HoUles

at £. 76,432 per annum at £.169,513 per annum at £. 51,160 per annum at £* 57° per annum

at £.409,140 per annum at £• 32>356 per annum

DUTIES pro Anno 1798:

Surplus of Confold Duties on Salt, after reserving as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 89.

Armorial Bearings Tea -

Spirit, Licences -

DUTIES pro Anno 1799:

Coffee and Sugar Duty on Small sNotes Compositions for Stamps on D° Canal and Dock Duty

In tills YEARS Ended

Vol. 58.

10

t 5th January 1802. I 5U1 January 1803.

£■ s. <1. £. #. d.

49,132 81,244

216,874 210,826

526,956 565,515 — —

8,983 7*545

22.801 28,642

34,806 — 9 36,365 3 9

166,939 3li 108,168 9 4

741869 9 5 7,8-3 5 9

8,550 15 10 10,536 l6 1

68,856 10 3 114,391 n

16,015 9 4I 18,129 3 10J

*39.417 — — 235*890 17 3i

2,000

40,000 40,000

1.476,19° 9 6^ i,+73,577 2 lig

175,002 200,039

'O t-t »o 00 00 1,072 16 6

506,056 13 6 503,679 4 2£

1,000

9,281 7,804

68,321 11 5 90,110 10 5

24*952 14 3 27,799 5 6

I06,000 106,000

95,000 95,000 — —

73,76o 19 3j 73,865 4 7$

84,959 6 5 106,170 13 7 -

32,000 32,000

100,000 16 6J 133,351 14 9i

1,277,22015 n 1,376,892 9 7J

96,634 —10 *26,375 18 6

—18 — 611 2|

52,754 — 108,410

215,469 6 8 221,531

77,655 86,898

592,71+ 4 11 572,511 2 4

6,061 1 3 7,956

1,123 4 * 103 15 —1

54,321 5 6 58,432 17 2

72,000 3 9 117,060 4 6£

35,028 38,058

285.141 304,822 16 —J

5,5oo

500

5,486 2 7i 376 1 —

8,139 11 64 30,674 16 2j

90,857 1 11J 78,541 16 io£

164,878 4 10^ 127,115 13 7*

64,215 12 6if 58,457 11 4

1,712 2 7 4 9,877 1 34

454,485 12 ii 383,968 12 3

38,601 2 9 47,050 10 6

85,361

148,806 198,408

- 187 12 7|

- 19,108

- 42,378 5 —

- 12,790

- 142 IO

- 102,285

- 8,089

2,557,444 16 2 2,761,616 15 8g

436,850 18 9 518,965

4,154 5 11 12,598 12 6

140,849 — — 151,693 18 —4

11,500 500 — —

593,354 4 8 683,757 10 6$

127,634 19 8 104,728 16 2f

12,977 8 — 16,960 16 1

12,000 12,000

12,966 10 4j 21,096 9 lj

165,57s >8 —5 154,786 5l

1 Dii jitized by VjjO(

Append

(No. 33

Z 5* Mai continuec

912

Appendix

A. 1803.

' pendix,

7° -35-)

*1 Martiiy

- mtinutd.

The Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Pritain, &c.—continued.

DUTIES pro Anno 1800:

British Spirits Foreign 1)° Tea

Spirit Licences

DUTIES pro Anno 1801:

Stamps -

Paper, (Customs) - -

D° - (Excil'e) -

Timber, &c. -

Tea -

Riding Horses -

Husbandry Horses ——

Surplus of Letter Money, after reserving as directed by Act 41. cap. 7. D° - Paper, (Excil'e) - - D° - - - - Ad 42. cap. 94.

Reserved by Ad C jjorpes for Riding, - at £. 130,000. per annum

42 eo. 1 j D° - - Husbandry, at £. 160,000. per annum cap. 37. C " *

DUTIES pro Anno 1802:

Irish Spirits -

Malt (cap. 38.) -

Goods and Shipping

Beer ——

Paper (Excise) -

Dogs - -

Male Servants -

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages

Surplus of - (

C Houses and Windows By Act 42. cap. 34* | j joules

r Riding Horses 1 Husbandry D°

- - - caP* 37* *\ ^iale Servants

(Dogs -. - w cap. 38. Beer -

TOTALS.

TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS, and INCIDENTS, prior to the Year 1793 Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted -Additional Duty on Malt - - - D°

Duty on Tobacco - - -. - - D®

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A0 1793 ......

Ditto ----- 1794 -

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A0 1795 -

Ditto ...... - 1796 -

Ditto ----- 1797 -

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A0 1798 ......

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

1799

1800

1801

1802

In the YEARS Ended

3th January 1 So2.

£■ s-

77,410-----

215,831 !3 4 143,815-----

24,250-----

461,306 13 4

268,695 6 4 507A42 7 f>

204 17 3,(,97 15 64

54,121 — — 99,'097 — —

208.615 18 6b 274,794 — of

‘21 1,827 — — 30.3,740 16 i i

2 1,000 — — 62,350 — —

31,850 — — 80,608 — —

133,277 — — 286,036 — —

- - 40,788 — —-

- _ 32’5°° — —

- 40,000 — —

929,681 2 —

10,826,862

1,678,154

325.598

391,068

8 52 3 —

13,221,682 11 14,726,865 16 3i

280,517 4 11 310,412 9 2

742,985 16 111 796,688 18 4

362,841 10 1°4 444498 1 2j

1,476,190 9 1,473,577 2 Hi

1,277,220 15 11 1,376,892 9 7i

2,557,444 16 2 2,761,616 15 8?

340,165 19 416,716 18 H

593,354 4 8 683,757 10 6.1

165,578 18 -i i54,786 1 5i

461,306 13 4 697,451 18 -i

929,681 2 — i,73°,753 19 IO

1,957,340 12 IOI

22,408,970 2 11J 27,53',358 14 9l

5th January 1803.

£■ *• d.

111,251-----

221,507-----

152,443 18 -J 212,250-----

697.

18 —!

1.730.753 19 I®

8,836 — —

656,042 — —

813,962 14 si

96,284 — —

3,673 — —

1,300 — —

2,700 — —

3400 — —

166,321 — si

44462 9 5

61,322 8 ioi

48,332 12 7i

16,961 16 ii

4-993 7 1]

28,749 4 3

I.957.34O 12 10?

11,385,309 2,055,803 842, S30 442,922

19 7i

10 6|

6 2J

Exchequer, 7

the 25th day of March 1803. 3

James Fisher.

914

517

43 Geow III. Appendix.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES Remaining in the 1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5k the Net Produce of the Revenues oi the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer! Navy, and rl ransport Bills Issued, and not Redeemed, during the said Year, hj Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service: — lft. The III Charges of Management; the Sums applicable to its Reduction; the usual Grl upon Imperial Loans.—2<ily. The Intereii on Exchequer Bills.—3dly. The Civil I Fund; I pee i tying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Juliice, Alint, Penfi The Civil Government of Scotland.—othly. The other Payments in Anticipation 1 those incurred lor Penbons, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants.—7 relpecHvely paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Odices; for) for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for Wounded; for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health.—8thly. The OW Services at Home and Abroad respectively.—othly. The Army; specitying the Ai Services; viz. For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps! Garrisons; for Halt Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospital; for Foreign) 'Offices: Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service — 1 othly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries; specifying th< Miscellaneous Services; Ipccifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not h Expences of and for Great Britain, from those which belong to it with IrelaN;

Appendix,! Append!

(No. 37.) I Distingttilhiag, *’ (No. 38

23* Marta. J 230 Man

By what ACTS Created.

,803; rvice; SJ also

4, 5, Sc 5 6 Will. Sc Mar.

2, 3 Ann.

4 - D®

5 - Do

6 - D®

Do- D® -

EXCHEQUER!

5, 6 Will. Sc Mar. -

20 Geo. II. -

21 - D° - - - -32 - D° -

*. d.

- -

ilJ:: : ::

BANK OF ENGL 3, 8 Geo. I. j 2, 17, 19, Sc 23 Geo. II.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE.

I. For Interest, &c. on the Permanent Funded Debt of Great Britain, including Annuities for L ves and Terms of Years -

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, &c. on Loans raised for the Service of Ireland -

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, &c. on Imperial Loans -

For Charges of Management thereon -

There was also applied towards the Reduction of the National

Debt

The usual Annual Grant Expired Annuities - -

£. x,coo, oooo — —

200,000 -----'

- s+.-*° >4 O

25,000 — — s Annuities for Lives Expired or Uncldimed for Three Years -Annuity of £. I per-Cent. for Reduction of Permanent Debt, created since 5th January 1793 -

79, SSo 14 48,121 15

2,682,276 12

Whereof was applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total on Account of Interest -

D° - for Charges of Management -

D3 - on Account of Reduction of National Debt -

II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills

III. The Civil List

IV.

The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund} Viz.

C Courts of Justice -\ Mint - -

< Allowances to the Royal Family, Pensions, Scc ) Sa'aries and Allowances -V. Bounties -

V. The Civil Go/ernment of Scotland -

VJ. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt} viz. Bounties for Fisheries, Manufactures, Corn, Sec* -

Pensions on the Hereditary Revenue Militia and Deserters Warrants, See.

V

VII. The Navy; viz—Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices

For Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions -

For Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, Contingencies, See. For Marine Service on Shore -

The Victualling Department -

The Sick and Wounded D° ——

The Transport - - — D° for Transports

for Prisoners of War in Health Miscellaneous Services -

VIII. The Ordnance

IX.

The Army.—Ordinary Services} viz.

For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps -Barracks ——

Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons ——

Half Pay ......

Widows Pensions ——

Chelsea Hospital ——

Exchequer Fees - a- ——

Pay of Public Offices ——

Extraordinary Services -

X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries: Ireland -

XI. Miscellaneous Services: At Home ___ Abroad

£• s. 18,941,440 — 4

661,054 3 4

455,079-----1

20,^57*573 3

4,010,279 2 41

24,067,852 6 21 5,922,979-----|l

54,coo-----

2,591,992 13 I 5,298,976 8 io|

219,000-----

917,101 16 10 42,000-----

90,377 6 1

5,933,928 19 10 , 429,461 — — 116,569 19 3

195,800 — —/ 21,000 — —) 162,957 13 8l 46,037 5 nj

44.438 5

SOUTH SEA COM 9 Geo. I. - - - | -

CHIEF CASHIER OF THI 26 Geo. I. - - - | -

CHIEF CASHIER OF TH 12 Geo. I. - - | -

Sundry Acts prior to 33 Geo. III.

17 Geo. III. - - J -

Sundry Acts prior to 33 Geo. III.

- - - Do 26 Geo. 111.

Diminution to the Con Redeemed

33 Geo. III. A0 1793

34 - - . 1794

35 - - - 1795

36 - - - 1796

37 - -

38 - -

39 - -

40 - -

41 - -

42 - -D° - -

*797

1798

1799

1800

1801

1802 D*

£. 4,500,000 ^£. 11,000,000

£. 18,000,000

| £> 18,000,000 3-

{£. 18,000,000'

£• 13*000,000,

5£- 7,000,000,

£. 8,oooo, oco,

r £. 3,000,000:

( £. 11,oooo, oco, (

Jif- 5,000,000, t£* 13,500,000,

.25,500,00°, jjf. 23,000,000,

Redeemed by th. of Public Dc

PUBLIC I

(IK EL AND.)

By what ACTS Created.

37 Geo. III. A° 1797 1,500,000

38 - - - 1798 2,000,000

39 - - - 1799 3,000,000

40 - - - 1800 2,000,000

41 - - 1801 2,500,000

42 - - - 1802 2,000,000

1

J'

I aiu in 1 m 11 u ■. ~~ ~~ "

The remaining Sams are to be discharged by die Funds ©a which they ait

Voi.58«

xi

B

respectively charge*

912

Appendix.

A. 1803.

! pendix,

jo. 3)

,1 Martiiy

}'mtinued.

= ' ,._AN account of the public funded debt of great

Bv what Acts of Parliament the fame is Created, and in respea of what Sums Raised, or Bills Funded; so far as the fame qm be ascertained - Management; the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by Acts passed in the 26th and 42d Years of Hb present

Distinguishing also, Upoa what Conditions, and at what Period*, the

VMS RAISED,

British or

g^ILLS FUNDED.

Spirit

Stamp Paper, D° Timbe Tea Ridinr Huibai

Surplus ( D° -

ReservedA N D: 42 Gee " cap. P A N Y j

• SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

E BANK. OF ENGLAND:

Irish S ......

Malt ...... -

Goods ......

Beer 2 1 1 I * -

Paper

TU°fS in Debt, by Stock transferred "I

Male imissioners on Account of Land Tax

Four ...... J

Raised -

Raised -

Surplus Navy Bills Funded -

Raised -

Navy Bills Funded - -

and £.7,500,000 Raised Navy Bills Funded -

Raised -

Part of £. 14,500,000 Raised - -Navy Bills Funded -Exchequer Bills Funded -

Part of £. 17,000,000 Raised - -

TOTALfurther *>art °* £’ 17,000,000 d° -

Raised; and £. 1,500,000, Part of7 £. 15,500,000 Raised - - - J

further Part of £. 15,500,000 Raised

Part of £. 20,000,000 - - D° -further Part of £. 20,500,000 D° -

Part of £.28,000,000 - - D -

Exchequer Bills Funded -

TOTALPart of £*25,000,000 Raised - -

Ditto-

e Commissioners for the Reduction 7

TOTAlbt» at lft February 1803 - - -3 Ditto Ditto

CAPITALS:

At £. 3-PER-CENT.

Bank of England, and Annuities Anno 1726.

li,636, Eoo

24,065,084 13 II? 1,919,60° —* —

1,000,000

12,686,800

12,686,800

12,636,8co

South Sea Old and New Annuities, and Annuities Anno 1751.

25,984,684 13 11?

25,984,634 13 ill

Consolidated

Annuities.

d.

107,399,696 5 i*-

Re luccd Annuities.

At £.4-PER-CfcNT.

Consolidated

Annuities.

d.

d.

41,540,073 16 4

107,399,696 5 ii

10,859,310 19 6

25,984,684 13 11{ 6,255,000 — ‘—

96,540,385 5 71

6,250,000 — —

II, CCO, COO ——

18,000,000 —> — 30,530,000-----

16.250.000 — —

16,438,175 5 —

i»999>$99 4 4

10.500.000 — ~ A. 12,000,000 — —

4.875.000 — — A. 13,750,000 — —

5.500.000 *— —

A. 14,850,000 — —»

31.875.000 -

2,227,612 10 —

14.950.000 -

B. 1,601,375-----

3°9>I37>-47 4 »i£

29,599,210 — —

41,540,073 16 4

8,321,276 5 8

33,218,797 10 8

6.359.6*5-----

6,500,000 — —

3.500.000 —

A. 4,00c,000

3»374>a5° — '

A. 5,500,000 —

2.350.000 — -A. 6,345,000 —

12,941,250 —

2,227,612 10 13,3co, coo —

100,116,535 — 8

18,784,305-----

At £.5.PER-CENT. 1

Consolidated

Annuities.

£< d.

32,75°,cco-----

17,869,993 9 10

32,750,000-----

17,869,993 9 10

32,750,000-----

2,750,000 -

6,000,000 — —-

17,869,993 9 10

2,600,000 ——

765,427 II 6

i°4»43a 5 8

4.455.225-----

49,425,084 17 2

2,617,400 — —

1,926,525 12 5 1,609,897 17 1

4,414,074 4 6

2,034,889 11 1

270,202 4 8

28,125,582 19 7

Annuities, Annis 1797 and 1801.

£• ul

10,124^43 1

2,227.6I2 10

35M56

43(

skit

iitsl

TOT

capii

C-i!t4 stil

| Tar

"J £ '

is so

•T-U:;

TOT AI Ditto— Ditto Ditto Ditto

the

- - - a

S6L1 ov 'III t»o Si

S X D V

a*qM Xg

V "

*g5 "i0A

‘siaquieq j Xinjtaix

d ^aiaiaj 10} •p\i •#91 *£16*094-J jo thing atp sopnpui siqx

} ucoq ^npa<j

t

:;T [

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

917

'T 0F GR£i-

:Wa'k>(«n55.

ii what PejiJ

BRITAIN’ AS THE SAME STOOD ON THE FIRST DAY OF FEBRUARY iRn?.

Diitiflguishing also, The different Funds in which it is Invested the Canital Stork of v a u Air

Majesty’s Reign; and the Annuity of/, i per-Centum per Annum upon Part of CapiuIsSeatedfi^e'cfh"^ ^ Te)

several Parts of the Public Debt are Redeemable or Determinable. UP°n " ? ^ *793:

TOTAL capitals CHARGE ANNUITIES CHARGES GRANTS of Parliament, and T 0 T AL

jr/.l.cjtjj * AC Created prior to the Year 1793, and in each Year since for DEBT Created prior to the ANNUAL INTEREST. on Lives, . or for Terms of of MANAGE- Annuity of £. i-per-Cent. upon Part of Capitals of ANNUAL

Lt\, Year 1793. MENT.. CreateJ since

—- ])'K that Period. Years. 5th January 1793. E X P E N C E.

[• 1. i I . £. *. a £■ £- *• d. £• *• d. £• d. £- s. d.

54,880 14 6 1,350 - - 56,230 14 6

. ' " ~ ~ ~ 30,400 1,430 6 8 - 31,830 6 8

. 23,254 11 6 1,470 - 24,724 ij 6

7,776 10 — 375 *2 2 - 8,152 2 2

4,710 10 — 208 2 7 - 4vD8 12 7

- - io, 1Z1 — — 4*6 5 3 ~ - - - 10>W 5 3

8,195 12 — ... - 8,195 12 —

1 " " " - " 12,318 5 _ " - 12,318 5 —

1 .... - - 22,466 10 — — - 22,466 10 —

• - - - -' " 24*567 5 — - - 24*5^7 5 —

I 54° 54o

2.-c9 13 — - - 2,769 13 —

5,174 l8 7 - - 5*174 *8 7

" - 18,442 7 — \ *,5;o - 20,032 7 — I

• II,686,8oo — — - 350,604 - 5*898 3 5 356,502’ 3 5

14,065,084 13 IlJ - 721,9.52 IO 9 - 14,022 3 2 . - 735*974 *3

1 1,919,600 — — - 57.5SS - - 1,079 15 6 - - 5S;657 15 6

lt > 1,000,000 — I99>559>763 * 3i _ _ _ _ 30,7 00 4sO 30,450

' ..',*.3 ;: - 6,671,692 15 5} - 89,801 17 7I - 6,761,494 13 1

25,000 — — 280 s - 25,280 5 —

• - - 704,740 5 — 7,928 6 6’ - 712,668 11 6

418,333 — 11 4,706 4 IC^ - 423.°39 5 9 \;

" " " * ANNUAL CHARCE - - - - 1,000,000 — I, GCO, COO — •—

231,131,148 5 2J - 7,831,857 6 z\ *>373*75* * 61 131,cw 2 9'- I, OCO, COO — j *°»336*595 * 6

19,180,587 5 2 - 575,41711 4+ - 8,63* 5 if - - 584,048 17 6*-

■ 119,050,661 1 7,256,419 13 ioi *,373.75* 1 6 J 122,375 17 6| 1,000,000 9*752,546 13 *1 J

1 6,250,000 — — Charge for Debts created

1, 33 Geo. III. Anno 1793 187,500 — — * 2,8 12 IO — 62,500 — — 252,812 10 —

, I, 1. * 1 15*676,525 12 5 34 - - - - 1794 536,326 5 7 62,791 13 4 7,760 16 ic£ *66,445 5 — 773*324 — 9 i

• Km 1’ ' 2.5,609,897 17 1 [ 35 - - - - *795 860,494 17 10 85,500 — — 12,486 6 7 268,933 19 6 *>227*4*5 3 1*

r: i * Ah303,699 4 6 36 ... . 1796 i>327*392 9 2* 79,082 7 6 i9>476 6 8£ 424,421 19 10 ^50*373 3 3

•: : j' 67,087,669 17 3 1 37 ... . 1797 2*495>927 7 11 38,625 30,623 19 y{ 676,1*4 5 3 3,241,360 12 9

14,000,000 1 38 - - - - I7q8 420,000 — — 17,208 6 8 6,493 11 11* 141,140 7 1,093,029 16 iii

•; \ ‘. 16,000,000 — •*— j D° - - - - D° A. 480,000 A* 19,666 13 4 A. 7,421 5 — - - - -s

*249*25° — — j 39 - - - - *799 247>477 10 — - 3*7*2 3 3 81,49110 —7 . .( 9*9,844 *3 3

19,250,000 — — , D° - - - - D° A. 577*5°° - A. 8,662 10 —

7*850,000 — — j 40 - - - - i8co 235,300 — — - 3,532 10 — 7?,500 7 962,920 5 —

21,195,000 — — | Do ... - D° 635,850 - ‘ - ■A-9,537 *5 ~ - - 5

44*816,250 | 41 - - - - 1801 *>344,487 IO — - 20,167 6 3 418,162 ic — 1,812,817 6 3

, 11,138,062 10 — j 423,246 7 6 7,796 12 IC* 5»°§9 *6 H 112,222 12 61 j

28,750,000 — — ' 1)° - - - - D° 862,500 - 12,937 10 — - - -f 1,424,523 10 —

J,601,375 D° - - - - D° - - 720 10 4! . -j 1

" " - " 1 ANNUAL GRANT - 2CC, CCO J aco, oco — —

547.S18.39, , . j: - 17,890,622 1 icj 1,684,421 16 z\ 273,820 15 11I 3,662,103 2 I ! 23,510,967 16 2

1. 67.155,915 — _ i 1 - 1,043,? 51 9 — 100,167 5 7 - ■- 3,662,103 2 I j 5, Sc6,i2i 16 8

• i 1 i5»846>77o 12 10} 1,584,254 *° 7i 273,820 15 n| - 17,704,845 19 6

1 " 2944013 z[

j i 480,572,476 1 3 ij - 15,846,770 IZ 10J 1,584*254 10 7^ 244,380 2 9 - - 17,675,405 6 3-1

1 Permanent Debt, and tl tie Interest and Man^gcmi snt charged upon the Consolidated Funcf.

( ■» R EAT BRITAIN; as the fame Rood on the ift day of February 1803. i

CHARGE ANNUAL ANNUITIES CHARGES of ANNUITIES | TOTAL 1 of

for for a MANAGE- . at £. 1 per Cent, on ANNUAL

DEBTS Created. INTEREST. Term of Years. ME NT. Capirals Created. IXPENCE.

, 37 Geo. III. Anno ito-' £• *. d. 90,75° £• '• d. 4,875 ' /. 1,371 1 10 . £. 29,862 8 5 i ! ' £■ >■ \ 126,858 10 3

■A* 38 - - - - 1798 120,000 4,9*6 13 4 *855 6 7- 40,640 j , 167,411 19 6

39 - - - - 1799 157,500 — - 2,362 10 — 52,500 -r — j 21^,362 10 —

40 - - - - i3-o 94*200 - *,413 31^00 -r — | 127,013 ,

" 41 - - - - 1801 131,812 JO - *,977 3 9 43*937 *° — 177*727 3 9

* 42 - - - - 1802 i 75,000 — — ( - - - " " " *>i*5 62 13 3 25,000 — j 1,392 10 — 101,125 f 1,455 3 3

- - 669,262 IO 9*79* *3 4 10,166 15 — 224,732 8 5 j 913>95 3 6 9

- — 1_ if 33,702 9 — Tii cr in rmr—■— TTZ 224,732 8 5 I 15«.434 *7 5

1803;

rvice;

CONDITION alf»

PERIODS

Expired A0 1792.

A part will Expire at 5th /— Expire at 5rh April 1805.

- D° - - D° - - i$o*6.

- D° — D° - - 1807.5.

- D3 - 5th Ja y - IX

1 Annuities on Livet.

Redeemable by the Com or at Far.

ExpireJ A0 1787.

Expire A° 1860.

Du - A« iScS. Towards REDEMPT

CHARGE for DEB

These Annuities, wheth<

Redeemable by the C01* 3

Debt, or at Par; wit Annuities, Amis 1797^""* Expiration of Three V Annuities shall have I end of the late War, ai Peace thereupon (at ai are entitled to have thei paid elfin Muncy, or < Annuities, at die ra contributed.

The Annuities for Term Anno 1860.

Towards R E D E M P 1

TOTAL.

Payable Annually to the(

) Management c«.ifed on i \ on Expired Annuities

T OTAL Charge for D

These Annuities, whe* Redeemable by the C or at Par.

JThe Annuities for a Ti Anno 1860.

TO T A L.

Payable to the Commifli

Append!

(No. 38 25° M

Voi.58,

The remaining Sums are to be discharge'd by the Funds on which they ait respectively charged

915

912

A

' pendix,

10.35.)

, * Marti

tintinned.

pms; Charges of

Appendix,

(Nd- 37*)

25° Martii.

US of REDEMPTION,

British or Forei°

Tea °I DETERMINATION. Spirit__________

\pril 1S03 5 ani the Remainder at 5th [January 1805.

Stamp

Paper, D° * Timbe Tea Ridinc Hufbai

Surplus (

D° -

Reserved^ 42 Gee cap. I

tmissioners for Redu&ioa of Public Debt*

Irish S

Malt

ion of publ,c debt-

Paper

i>°ss i,

Male l

Four 1 Ci-eated prior to the Yeaj 1793.

Surplus f I

;r Perpetual or for Terms of Years, are TimHIioners for the Reduction of the Public the exception, that the £. 5 per-Cont. f and 1S02, arc not to be Redeemed till the ears after the 5 per-Cont. Consolidated peen oVid off; but at Two Years from the pd Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of ly time within Six Months) the Proprietors r Annuities, with all Dividends due thereon, TOTAL '-onverted into JT. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated jte of £. 133. 6. 8. for every £. 100

Is of Years, if not Redeemed, will expire

TOTAL

Ditto

ION of DEBT.

Commissioners for the Reduction of Debt.

TOT AI

ItqcU purchased by the Commissioners, and

Ditt

Ditt

Appendix.

A. 1803.

fMPTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, at lft February 1803:-i and fDCcifvins how much of each has been Redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the e of Stock - and the Sums Annually applicable to the ltedudion thereof: likewise, what.further Annuities

jeen

Transferred to the Commissioners on Account of Land Tax Redeemed.

f O T A L -sums i Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of the PUBLIC DEBT. ANNUITIES that will hereafter fall in, and become applicable to, the Reduction of the PUBLIC DEBT.

£. £■ *• d. £■ «. 1

58,020 6 11 62 Annual Charge - - 1,060,000 — •— Exchequer Annuities, let 3 Annas,

5*1+5® * 7 62 I Usual Grant - - - 200,000 — — expire in part at April 1803, and the Remainder at January 1805 - 53.65* *

7,324 8 — 7l> 7* i Annuities for 99 and

96 Years expired - 54,880 14 6

74 i D° - - 4 Ann. - expire A0 1S06 - 7,776 10 -

-3,659 5 — Life Annuities expired

or unclaimed - - 49»I5I — 7

D° - - 5 Ann. - - D° - A0 1807 - 14,891 10 —

Short Annuities 1777 - 25, coo —

'8,402 I 3 87 Bank Long Annuities, D° A° 1860 704,740 5-

— Dividend on

/*. 64,638,515, at Bank Short Annuities, Annis 1778

£■ 3 per-Cent. - ,»939»155 9 — U 1779, e*P'rc A0 iSgU - - 418,333 -11

Dividend on

£. 2,617,400. at

r 3,862 12 9 2- 4 per-Cent. - 104,696 — —

Annuity of £. I per-

Cent. upon Part of

Capitals cieated since

lft February 1793 * 2,462,103 2 1

5,834,986 6 2 -

'ION of the PUBLIC DEBT of Ireland Funded in Great Britain, at lft February 1803.

Redeemed by the Commissioners ! to lft February 2803. TOTAL SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of DEBT.

£• £■ s. j.

1 5X5>79° 336,264 15 4 ®51 £. 1 per-Cent. on Capitals

I 607,625 377,604 19 6 62 $ created - - - - *24,731 *

1,123,415 713,869 14 10 1

I Dividend on £. 1,123,415

j £. 3 per-Cent. An-

1

u&lffj pwv£

J

4*3 Geo. III.

Appendix.

917

ACCOUNTS respecting the UNFUNDED DEBT and D E M ANDS O U T S T A N D IN G, of Great Britain',

for the Year ending Fifth of January 1803.

Append! (No. 38 250 M

Ax ACCOUNT of the UNFUN.DED DEBT and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING on the 5th day of January 1803; under the Heads of—Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service; specifying the fame:—Distinguishing under each Head respectively the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debt or Demands was then provided for, and in what Mannar; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for.

Appendix

(A.)

(B.)

(C.)

(D.)

(E.)

(F)

(G.)

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

By what Acts Railed -

On what FUNDS Charged.

Amount Outftandins.

O

39 anti 40 Geo. ] [II. cap. 28. Aids, - A° 1806

- - 41 - - - cap. 4* Aids, - A01801

- - 41 - - - cap. 7- Malt Tax - A° 1801

- J 42 - - - cap. 1. Malt Tax - A°1802

- - 4* - - - cap. 110. Supply - - A*1802

- - 42 - - - cap. 4i* Aids - A°1802

- - 42 - - - cap. 111. Supply - - A°1802

* - 43 ’ - - cap. 4- Personal 7 Eliates j - A01803

- - 43 - - - cap. 3- Malt Tax - A01803

- - 43 - * - cap. 5- Aida - A01803

A° 1806 for Extension of Bank Charter 3,000,000

...... *‘2,585,000

----- - *1x9,000

...... 750,000

- - - - - r - - - 5,000,000

----- - * 1,940,600

(Bank of England) - - - 1,500,000

- - - - 484,000

- ...... - - 750,000

...... 327,400

TREASURY:

Miscellaneous Sendees -

Warrants for Army Services ——

Treasury Bills accepted previous to and on 5U1 January 1803, due subsequent to that day ——

ARMY:

Ordinary Services ——

Extraordinaries - -

BARRACKS - ......

ORDNANCE- - - * ...... - - - 7 -

NAVY ...... -

CIVIL LIST ADVANCES ...... ——

£363,00613 — 1

- ‘■i34>55° 7

- 126,264 5 5j

£77l.»85 —

- Nil.

16,456,000 -

723,821 11 1

771,185-----

179,818-----

348,956 10 5

3,105,648 1 9

Nil.

d.

21,585429. 3. 3

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 25th March 1803. y

* Paid since 5th January 1803.

*♦ Paid in part - D° -----The remaining Sums to be discharged by the

Funds on which they are respectively charged.

N. Vansittart.

Appendix (A.)

Ax ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in E X C IIE Q U E R BI LLS Outstanding on the 5th day

of January 1803.

By what Acts raised. 39 and 40 Geo. III. 7 cap. 28. j Aids - - - A0 1806 - - - for Extension of the 7 Bank Charter ) £ *•d- 3,000,000

41 Geo. III. cap. 4. - Aids - - - A° 1801 - - - *2,585,000

41 Geo. III. cap. 7. - Malt Tax- - A0 1801 - -- -- - - *• 119,000

42 Geo. III. cap. 1. - Malt Tax- A® 1802 - -- -- -- 750,000

42 Geo. III. cap. 110. Supply - - A* 1802 - -- -- -- 5,000,000

42 Geo. III. Cap. 41. Aids - - - A01802 - * 1,940,600

42 Geo. III. cap. 111. Supply- - - A01802 - - Bank of England - - - 1,500,000 — —

43 Geo. III. cap. 4. - Personal Eliates A® 1803 - -- -- -- 484,000

43 Geo. III. cap. 3. - Malt Tax - - A° 1803 - 750,000 '

43 Geo. III. cap. 5. - Aids - - - A01803 - - - 327,400

£■ 16,456,000 —

Exchequer Bill Office, > 15th February 1803. 3

y. Planta. John Peter.

• Paid since 5th January 180$'.

* Paid in Part - D°.

The remaining Sums are to be discharged by the Funds oa which they an respectively charged,'

Vox.. 58*

11 a

918

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ppcndlx, No. 38.)

Martii,

conliTi'jed.

Appendix (B. 1.)

An ACC OUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, and the Demands Outstanding on the 5U1 of January 1803; under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, &c.:—Distinguishing, under each Iic.ad respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts and Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in wlmt Manner; and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for—so far as relates to the Treasury.

Demands Outstanding on 5th January 1803, for Services that had been Voted:

To enable His Majesty to make good the Sums which may be awarded under the 7th Article of the Treaty with America, to be paid by the Brithh Government -

To be paid to Jeremy Eentham, F.fq. for the purchase of Ground for ere&inga Penitentiary House for the Custody and Employment of Convicts, and towards the Expence of erecting such Penitentiary House- -

For defraying the Expence incurred or to be incurred for the Repairs of the Marshalsea Prison -

For defraying the Expence incurred or to be incurred for the Repairs of the King's Bench Prison -

For the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, for the years 1801 and 1802 -

For the purchase of Land and the Confiruction of Buildings for the Royal Military College -

For Expences incurred and to be incurred on Account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum K>r the Reception of Soldiers Children ——

For Bounties for taking and bringing 1'ifh to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom

To complete the Sum of £. 3,100,000. granted out of the Monies that should arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, ior the Service of the year 1801-

For the Civil Eii&blifnment of New Brunswick in America, for the year 1802 -

For the Civil Elublishment of the Bermudas or Somcre Islands, for the year 1802 -

For defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, for the year 1802 ——

For defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons; for printing and delivering tie Votes; and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the last Session of Parliament, including Two Volumes of Population Returns -* -

For defraying the Expences of confining and maintaining Convicts, for the year 1802 -

For the Rebel of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and Ame-ir/m *Lo/ahlts ——

For llis M.ij'ittys For ?gn and other Secret Services -

For cHrayiuu the nrc.N f le Amount ,f RilA cl: awn and to be drawn from the Settlement of New South Wales, and which my becm-.K* due in the m-urie 0 J t;irJ ' ^ar 1802 - - . - . -

For deir.tying the Exper •*> incur:, d in Alterations and Repairs of the two Houses of Parliament, and of the House of the Speaker of the Ho;.it of Com ions -

For defraying the Expences mcuivid ii; Repairs of the Fleet Prison -

For defraying the Charge of the Roy >1 Military College, for the year 1802 ——

Demaxds Outstanding on 5U1 January 1803,'for Services that were not Provided for:

For a Clerk employed on Business relative to American Claims ----- £239 13 6

To the Secretary of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries to the Officers, and

Incidental Expences of the said Commission, for half a Year, to 5th January 1803 - - - - 955 5 —

C d*

60.000 -

24.000 -

3.000 -

2.000 — —

l,20o -

12.019 14 —

8,400-----

25.000 -

69.019 14

4,650-----

580-----

3,6 20-----

255 3 81 »1.871 5 4l

24,276 7 4

87,874 9 —

11,200-----

6,297 8 — 302 13 lj

3,244 -

361,811 14 6J

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th of March 1803.

1,194 *8 6

363,006 13 —1

N. Vanfjttart.

Appendix (B. 2.)

As ACCOUNT of Sums Unsatisfied o» the 5th January 1803, for the following Services: Viz.

£ *• * 36,884 10 9

3,007 10 3 8,702 3 6 495 2 5 708 13 — 158,000 — — Nil.

Nil.

4,645 1* — 22,106 14

£. *34*550 1* 7

Treasury Bill* Accepted previous to and on the 5th January 1803, Due subsequent to that Day - r - - 126,264 5 5l

360,814 18 j

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

*4th Marsh 1803.

Pay, Additional Pay, and Contingencies of General and Staff Officers, &c, Knapsacks and Accoutrements - -

Cloathing - ’ -

Loss of Baggage, &c. by sundry Officers -

Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money -

Apothecary General - -

Levy Money for Augmentation of Fcot Guards ——

Alteration of Accoutrements, &c. -

Table for the Guards - -

Sundry Miscellaneous Services -

43 Geo. III.

Appendix

919

Appendix (C.)

- v t

Ak ACCOUNT of the Demands for ARMY SERVICES Outstanding on the 25th December 1802, which have been provided for by several Grants of Parliament; distinguishing the Particulars of which the fame consisted.

Appendi: (No. 38, 2 50 Mart

continued.

K.

-v

ORDINARY SERVICES: Off-Reckonings ——

Contingencies ......

Recruiting -

Staff in Great Britain, Gibraltar, and North America - -

Garrisons in Great Britain, Gibraltar, the Plantations, and the West Indies -In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -

Half Pay ----- ......

Clearings of the Ilorfe and Foot Guards -

Invalid Cloathing - - *

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 7 18th March 1803. J

466,800

30,000

10,000

52,000

- 32,000

15,000

130,000 — —

20,000 —*

, 15.385

£■ 771,185

P. George Craufurd.

Appendix (D.)

Aw A.CCOUNT of the Outstanding Demands of the BARRACK Department, on the 5th January 1803, with the Gross Amount of all Monies Received and Expended within the preceding year, and the Balance remaining in hand on the 5th January 1803*

Balance remaining for the Current Services, the lft January 1802:

Received from the Paymasters General, on Account of the Sum of £. 146,160. for the service of the Barrack Department, for the months of January, February, and March 1802; as voted by Parliament 146,214

t)° * on Account of the Sum of £.99,064. as voted by Parliament, for the like Service,

for April and May ----- - 69,140

D# - on Account of the Sum of £*297,184. as voted by Parliament, for the remainder

of the year 1802 - -- -- -- 263,939

D* - to pay for Forage issued to 24th December 1801, as provided in the Estimate of

the Army - -- -- -- - - 11,756

Add for Sums received on sundry Accounts, between lft January 1802 and 5th January 1803

Total - - Received for the Service of the year 1802

£• #. d.

12,735 12 3

491,049-----

12,087 16 6 515*872 8 9

Paid on Account of Buildings, Repairs and Alterations, purchase of Premises, Forage, Beer, Coals, Candles, Bedding, Furniture, Utensils, Rents, Barrack Mailers Expenditures, Lodging Money to Officers, Office Eliablishment, &c. &c. &c. ——

Balance remaining for the Current Services the 5th January 1803 - £.

Bills Accepted and Outstanding on the 5th January 1803

Dedud Balance as above

491,875 8 10 23>996 19 11

45*742-----

23*996 19 11

21,745 — 1

Amount Due on Accounts delivered into the Barrack Office for Services completed to 31ft December 1801, as Hated in Account of Outstanding Demands on the 31ft December 1801, dated 22d March 1802 ...... - 282,045-----

Since Paid of the above Sum from the Money received in the year 1802 ----- 102,227-----

Remains Unprovided for

179,818-----

Barrack Office, 7 17th February 1803.

920

Appendix

A. 1803

ppendnc,

No- 38.)

5® Murtii,

tentiniKd.

Appendix (E.)

An ACCOUNT of Demands on the ORDNANCE, Outluinding on the 5th January 1803;—diu'mguifl\iii« the Particulars of which such Demands conGl't; and also what Part of the said Demands was then provided lor, and in what manner; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for.

4. d.

Debentures made out, and Bills, so far as they have been delivered in, for Stores supplied and Services performed; also Bills oT Exchange, Imprefts \o Storekeepers and Paymasters, and other lteady Money Articles -

Deduct—The following Sums included in the above Account, and not provided for by Parliament; viz.

£l «• d.

) a does ----- 4,960 — -—

Bills of Exchange drawn from

f Barba< -4 Su Vi £ Trinid

in certt inidad

rSt. Euftatius -

Demands made on this Office for the Value \ St. Martin -

of Ordnance and Stores captured by His < Island of Ceylon ... 37,414

Majesty’s Forces at ----- - 1 Malta, exceeding the Sum granted 1,737 5 10

V^Gulph of St. Efpacia - ■- 1,966 8

200 -1,300

1,555 18 6

5,000-----

1

Office of Ordnance, bib March

Remains provided for by the Grants by Parliament for Ordnance Services

Inance, 7 a n r

1803.; Ms"

599>7^ 3

50,803 15 7

348.956 10 5

W. W,\ Pole.

Appendix (F.)

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Ills Majesty’s Navy, and of all 5th Febr/ 1803. j Demands Outstanding on the 31ft December 1802; distinguishing the Particulars of which the fame coulilt:

NAVY:

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Naval Stores, Slop Cloathing, Bedding for Seamen, Ac. -

For Stores delivered, for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 1802; also Bills of Exchange accepted -

For Wages to His Majesty & several Dock and Rope Yards -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers -

To pay the Wages unpaid on Books of Ships paid off ......

To Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay on 31ft December 1802

VICTUALLING:

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date for Provisions, Stores, &c.^ -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 1802 -

For Necessiiry Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Laboureis , at the several Ports -

For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

SICK and WOUNDED:

Due — For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen on Shore, from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, and Contingencies -

TRANSPORTS:

Due — Tor Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Freight of Transports and Stores, and Subsistence, Arc. of Prisoners of War in Health -

For Freight of Transports and Stores supplied, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the 31U December 1802

Abate the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy on the 31ft December 1802 ——

£■ s. d. £. s. d.

196,170 8 9 ~ \

164,713 17 7

315,830 ) 2,043,121 15

206,13s 8 5

2 82,168 10 9

878,100 9 7 j

217,38+ 1 7

12,663 5 10

58,560 9 6 > 353-334 12 11

30,118 1 2

3d,608 14 10 j

- - 81,078 3 6

131,036 16 1 )

\ 806,826 7 6

675,789 11 5 )

3,284,360 19 —

- - 178,712 17 3

£■ 3,105,648 1 9

TlIE Unfunded Debt of the Navy, on the 31ft December 1805, amounts to the Sum of T hree Million One Hundred and Five Tlioufand Six Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence.

A. S. Hamond. H. Duncan.J. Henjlow. IV. Bellingham. S.

Memorandum.— THE Accounts received from the different Naval Departments are made out to the 31ft December in each Year: This Account is made up to that period j as Application mud otherwise he made to all the various Departments to afeertuin the Particulars of Debt incurred to the 5th January 1803, which could not be obtained in time, and the Difference in the Total Amount would be very inconsiderable.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix,

m

Appendix (0.)

Av ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the CIVIL LIST (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which lmd not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January 1803; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the Ibid Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each lleud rei'pectively.

Nil.

Append ij

Whitehall

ehall, Treasury Chambers* ) 25th JMarch 1803. y

N. Vanfitiart«

To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of Bounties on the Growth of IIEMP and FLAX, in Great Britain* remaining undisposed of;

Tiie Monies referred in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of Bounties On the Growth of Hemp and Flax,

in Great Britain, remaining undisposed of, amount to the Sum of

Thirtr-seven Thousand One Hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence;

James

Append*

(No. 39;

Marti\

To the Honourable the Commons of the Uhited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afietiflbled.

Ax ACCOU NT, lhcwing the Amount of Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Payment of the Judges Salaries,

after satisfying all Demands thereon, to 5th January 1803.

THE Monies reserved in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Payment of the Judges Salaries, after satisfying all Demands

thereon, to 5th January 1803, amount to the Sum of

Six Hundred and Twelve Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Exchequer, the 23th March 1803,

James,

Vol. 58.

it C

-Piatt

CToogJp____

922

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, 'No. 40.)

0* Martit.

As ACC0 U NT of all Additions which have been lvuule to t.l.e Annual (’luree of the 1* 1'H I.If' DEBT, by the interest of any L'jaa

ibid Act: Ami alto, of the I. induce of the teveral ..Duties, granted for defraying the Charge

BY VIRTUE of an Act 33 Geo. Ili. cap. 28; the Sum of £.4,500,000 \vas borrowed, lor the Service of the Yt'ar 1703. upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors Were entitled for every £.'7*2 contributed, to £. too Capital Stock, £.3 p<t-Ci-t\t. Ci p.WrhVilnl I £. s. d.

Annuities, amounting to

6,230,000 — —

The Annual Charge in respect of the said £.6,250,000. £.3 per-Cont. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 2,812. 10 s. for Management, is

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.6,250,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, hiked Quarterly

£. s. (L 190,3!‘2 10 — J

Annually to

Surplus of thie Fund in the year ended 5th January 1803

:mouitls

£■ 252,812 10 —

- - . - *9

£■ 310,411 9 a

BY VIRTUE of an Act 34 Geo. III. cap. 1. the Sum of £.11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1754, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, {

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £. 3-per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - -

To £.25 Capital Stock, £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to -

And iu. 5 d. per Ann. for 66 \ years, amounting to'

By VIRTUE of two other Acts, 34 Geo. III. cap. 21. and 56. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. loo contained in such Bills, to £. 101 Capital Slock, £.5 per-Cont. Annuities, amounting to

c *■

11,000,000-----

2,750,000-----

6-2,791 13 4

i>9*6>5*5 * 5

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz-

In respect of the said £. 11,000,000, £.3 per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, including £. 4,950 for Management I)° - of the said £.2,750,000, £.4 per-Centum Annuities, including £. 1,237. l0i* for Management -

D* - of the said Annuity of 1 i s. 5 d. per-Contum, including £. 706. 85. i£ d. for Management -

D° - of the above £. 1,926.525. 12 s. 5 t/. £.5 per-Centum Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, including £. S66. 18 s. 81 c/. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 11,000,000. £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, hiked Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. HI. cap. 55. amounts Annually to ——

D* - of the said £.2,750,000, £. 4 per-Cent Annuities - - D° - - D° -

D* - of the future actual value of the said Annuity of 115. 5*/. per-Centum for 66 \ Years, at the end of 45 Years,

hiked as above, amounts Annually to ——

V. - of die above £. 1,926,525. 1 a*. 5 d. £.5 per-Centum Annuities, D° ——

Surplus of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1803 -

£. *. cl

334-950-----

111,'2^7 10 —

63,498 1 5}

97.193 4 4

110,000 ___.

37.50® — —

' p,6So — —

10,4(35 5 —

773.3H — 9*

467,86 a 18 9

1,241,186 19 6}

BY VIRTUE of an Act 35 Geo. III. cap. 14. die Sum of £.18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1795* ui, on the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, I £.

To £.100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to-----

To £.33. 6 s. 2d. Capital Stock, £. 4 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to -

And to an Annuity of 8$. 6d. for £5 £ Years, to which a further Annuity of 1 s. for the fame Term was added by Ad 35 Geo. HI. cap. 128, amounting together to -

By Virtue of another Act, 35 Geo. III. cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled for every £. 100 contained in Rich Bills, to £.108 Capital Stock £.5 per Centum Annuities -

1 S,oooo, oooo —- — 6,000,000-----

850^0 — — 1,609,897 17 1

The ANNUAL CHARGE, in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is us follows; Viz.

In respect of the said £.18,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.8,100 for Management D* - of the said £. (5,000,000, £. 4 per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 2,700 for Management -

D* - of the above Annuity of 95. 6d. per-Cent. for 65 £ Y'ears, including £.961. 17s. 6d. for Management 1)# - of the above £. 1,609,897. 175. 1 d. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills cancelled, including £.724. gs. lid. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,000,000. £.3 per-Cont. Consolidated Annuities, illked Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, puriiiuut to an Act 32 Geo. HI. amounts Annuully to -

Da - f the said £. 6,000,000. £. 4 per-Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D°

D° - of the future Actual Value of the said Annuity of 95. 6 cl. per-Cent.

45 Wars - - - Dg - - - Du

D* - of the Capital Stock of £. 1,609,897. lys. 1 d. £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities -

for 65 £ Years, at the end of - D" - - D8

548,100

242,700

86,461

81,219

180,000

()G, OU.O

l<i,oy3

d.

17 6 6 11

n*

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ending 5th January 1803

1, '227,*15 3 11

•246,161 19

1,473.577 2 J,i'

1%

tv, [.*

> C!*r4;

J 4 I

1 5

t L

i .\

4

1;

on

-" i

; i ■'

;1

1U "J'

.' !’<

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

923

that hath been made, or Annuities created, subse<|uent to the pnfling of an A & *7 Geo. III. rap. 13; as required by the 7>d ScSion of the incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year euded the 5th day of January 1803.

Append' (No. 40 30' Man

The PRODLClv. of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt created in the Year 1793: 0

per Act 33 Geo. III.

The Produce of the additional Duties on British Spirits * - -

D° - - - of the Stump Duty on Certificates used for killing Game

- cup. ‘28. - D°

D®

of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, after deducting £. 128,600 per annum, carried to Confo- \ lidated Stamp Duties ....... _ f

D®

Reserved out of the Duties per Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 40. and 41* in lieu of the Duty of £. 10 per-Cent. per Act 33 Geo. Ill* cap. 28. repealed by the aforesaid Acts ...... * c - - . *

£. s. d,

108,040 — — 28,200 14 7

83, 381 14 7

90,790 — —

310,412 9 2

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased the Public Debt created in the Year 1794:

Per Ad 34 Geo. HI.

The Produce of the additional Duties on British Spirits cap#

D° - Foreign D®-----...

D° - - - of the Duties on Foreign Spirits

D® - - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies - - - - -14.

D° - - - of the additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles - - - - - - 15.

D® - -- I)0----- - Customs, D# ----- D®

D® - - of the Duties of Excise on Paper, after deducting £• 75,000 carried to Consolidated Excise Duties - 20.

Do ... of the Duties of Customs on D° - \ m *■ *• - - «• •* - - - -D*

D° — - of the Additional Duty on Glass -•*-«•-*--* 27.

D° - — of the Duties on Slates and Stones - * - - * - - -51

Reserved out of the Duties on Paper (Excise) by Act 42 Geo. III. Cap 94, in lieu of Duties then repealed, set £53,658 per Quarter fc - w w - - - - * - * * -

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Y«ilr 1794, should be added the Ambunt of those oil Sugar received in the Year ended 5th January 1803, which were granted in 1794, to defray the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt created in thut Year, but are how granted Annually

Annual Charge of

£• *. * 109,798-----

4*1,743-----

231,426-----

45,659 6 —

68,727-----

35 4 gl

30,084-----

3,7*7 18 4|

55,739 -

16,091 11 4

33,658-----

796,688 18 4

444,498 1

£. 1,241,186 19 61

The PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts utider-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1795;

of - - D® - - - on Sweets -

of - - D® - . - on British Spirits

of - - D® - - - on Foreign D®

of - - Da - - on Tea -

of - - D® - - - on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Wine D® - -D° - -D° - - - of D° - -D® - -

D®-of the Duties on Fruit, Salad Oil, &c. - - - - * - * - -

!)•.-. of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt und Coals -

!)•--- of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, &c. - * - - * * _ -

D® - - - of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates * * - - - *•

D«-----of the Additional Stamp Duties on Receipts

D® - - - of the Duties on Spirit Licences * , - - " - -

D® - - - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances * -. - - - * * -

Caih brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Poll Office, pursuant to Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 18

Per Asti 35 Geo. III.

cap. 10. , Db

- 11.

- 12.

- 13* * !)•

- 20.

> D°

- 55*

- 49-

- 55' * 59-

- 63-

Diglifeds

£• *■ d.

565.515-----

7.5+5-----

81,444-----

419,846 ——

235.390 17 34

48,644 -—

114.391 6 n

18,149 3 104 36.365 3 9 7.823 5 9 10,536 16 1

108,168 9 4 40,000-----

1.473.577 2 u|

9U

Appendix.

A. 1801

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

BY VIRTUE of an Act 36 Oo. III. cap. 12. the Sum of £.18,000*000 was borrowed for the Service of \hc Year 1796, upon the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled for every £. 100 contributed, \

To £.1*20 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-CctK. Coufohdated Annuities, amounting to £.2 1,600,600, but which was reduced | £. s. d.

determined by certain lVjfons neglecting to complete their Payments, to - -- -- - -21,595*800 — t-

To £.25 Capital Stock in £. per-Cent. Itedmad Annuities; 4,51m,000-----

And to an Annuity of 6 s. 6d. per-Ceiit. for C 4.\ Years, amounting to -----j 58*500-----

BY VIRTUE of another Act 36 Geo. HI. cap. 74. the further SiuU of £.7,500,000 was borrowed for the

Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms \ viz. \

The Contributors were entitled for every £. 100 contributed, I

To £. 1*20 Capital Stock, in the £. 3 per-Ont. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £*9,000,000, but which was 1

reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to - -: 8,034,200 ——

To £. 25 Capital Stock, £. 3 pir-(Ynt. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £.1,875,00®, but which was reduced by 1

certain Pe lions neglecting to complete their Payments, to- - - { 4,859,6-25-----

And to an Annuity of 5-v. tid. for 63 j Years, amounting to the Sum of £.20,6*25, but which was reduced by certain

Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to----- - - -- -- . 20,582 7

And by Virtue of another Act 30 Geo. III. cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, and Truufpnrt Bills delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £.100 contained in such Bills, to £. i®5 Capital Stock,

£.5 per-cent. Annuities; and the Proprietors of certain other such Bills likewise delivered up to be cancelled, for every £. 100 contained therein, to £. 104 Capital Stock, £.5 per-Cent. Annuities *, the whole amounting to - - L j 4,414,074 4 6

The ANNUAL C1IARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; viz

£.9,718. is. id, for

o

o i

VO

00 a.

Gj Z

Iq respect of the said £.21,595,800, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, includin'

Management ——

D* - - of the said £. 4,500,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 for Management D° - - of the above Annuity of 6a. 6d. per-Cent. for 64J Years, including £.058. 2*, 6</. for Management -One Hundredth Pail of the said Capital Stock of £.21,595.800, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, irtued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the Naiioual Debt, amounts annually to -

D® - - of the said £.4,500,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities D° D° -

D® - - of the future Actual Value of the Annuity of 62. 6d. per-Cent. for G+\ Years, at the End of 45 Years, blued to the said Commissioners, as above -

c

V

o

y’l

<z

> d*}

«3

In respect of the above £.8,934,200, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including£.4,020. 7 s. 9J d.

for Management ----- 272,046 7

D° - - of the above £. 1,859,625, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.836. 16$, 7 d.

fjr Management - -- -- -- 56,625 11 7

D®- - of the Annuity of 54. 6 d. per-Ceut. for 63 J Years, including £.231* 11s. for Management ----- ----- - 20,81318 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 8,934,200, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated r Annuities, illiied Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National

Debt, amounts annually to - - - * 89,342-----

D° - - of the said £.1,859,625, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D® <• D® - - - 18,596 5 —

D° - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5s. 6d. per-Cent. for 63.^ Years, at

the end of 45 Years, issued to the said Commissioner*, as above - 2,925-----

c

v Sr

•o 0 n

0

6.57*59-

i37>"-5

5!h'58

d.

2

2 6

215,058 — — 45,0,0-----

8,460 :— —

1A23,193 4 8

"In respect of the said £.4,414,074. 4*. 6d. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, including £.1,986. 6a. 8 d. for Management - -- -- - 222,090 o 10;

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.4,414,074. 4#. 6 </. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities,

itiiied Quarterly to the Comniilhoners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to 44,140 14 10

460,349 110}

266,330 15 8J

£■ 1,850.373 3

, B V VIRTU F, of an Act 37 Geo. HI. cap. 10. the Sum of £. 1 8,qoo, oooo was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1797, upon

the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled for every £. 100 contributed, I

To £.112. 10s. Capital Stock, £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to £.20,250,000, but which was reduced by sundry

Persons neglecting to complete their Puyments, to- - - -- -- - 20,124,843 15

BY VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 57. the further Sutn of £. 14,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following 'Perms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled for every £. 100 contributed,

To£. 125 Capital ‘stock, £.3 per-C«ut. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to-----*

To £. 50 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -

.To £. fto Capita! Stock, £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to -

And to an Annuity of 6 v. 6 d. for 62 ;} Years, subject to a Deduction in case the further Sum of £. 3,500,000 should not be raised for the Service of the Year 1797, and the Sum of £. 1,620,000 only having been raised, it was reduced to 6 v. amounting to-----/-- ——

By \ irtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 59. for guaranteeing a Ix>an of £. 1,620,000 to the Emperor of Germany, the Contributors to the fame were entitled, for every £. 100. contributed, to £.226. lor. Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

Which Annuities, upon the Failure ofdepofaing in the Hands of the Bank of England sufficient Monies to pay the same, and a Sum equ<tl to One per-Cent. on the Capital of the said Loan, are charged upon the Consolidat -d Fund. And by Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 9. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, w ho delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled in lieu thereof to a Capital Stock m £.3 per-Cent. Con,-folniuted Annuities, amounting to £ 18,440,874. io$. 1 d. but which was since reduced, determined by the Navy Office withr drawing Cheques to the Amount of £.3,643. 18*. and by several Alterations made determined by the Bank of England, to rl o a Capital Stock in £4..per-Cent, Annuities, Amounting to ——

And to a Capital Stock in £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to - - . - . -

18,125,000

7,250,000

l^OQyOOQ

43oOO-----

3,669,300-----

18.237,874

860,859 0.305,091

4

2

0

574

a.

W- C?

The A N N UAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows:

\ In respect of the said £.20,124,843. 15*. £-5 per-Cent. Annuities, including £.9,056. 3?. 7d. for Management < One Hundredth Part 01 the said Capital Stock of £.20,124,843. 15s. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, illiied Quarterly / to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annual)v to ——

£. s. d. 1,015,298 7 4

201,248 8 9

, ______£-----

Borne forward - - £. 1,216,546 16 1

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

925

Annual Charge of the 'Public Debt, Scc.-^cdntimted.

T PubliclSSUcSL0f "4?S.S' ^* " f" "*y»e <* hB-M Annual Chnrg. rfli.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff D® - - - of the Duty on Horse Dealers Licences -

Per Act 36 Geo. III.

D of the Tax oh Legacies, after deducting £.41,079, carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties, prior

to 1703 - - - _ . _ _ _

D° - - - of the Duties of CuAortis on Wines

D° - - - of the Duties of Excise on D®

D® - - - of the Additional Duties on Sweets -

D* - - - of the Duties on Hats, after deducing£.9,479. ns. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties

cap. 13

— 17

— 52.

— 183.

— D®.

— D®

— 125.

Brought to this Accompt from the Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 15. to complete f,. 116,676.'5*. 8rf. the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar, for the Year ended 5th January 1802 16,675 9

D® - - - for the Year ended 5th January 1803

116,676 5

D°-----per Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 40. and 41. in lieu of the Duties of £.10 per-Cent. on Assessed Tuxes, per Ad

36 Geo. III. repealed, at£. 80,190 per annum

D® - - - per Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. from the Duties on Ilorfes used for Riding, in lieu of the foriner Duty then

repealed, at £. 106,000 per annum -

D® - - - per Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. from the Duties on Horses used for Iiulbandry, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at £.95,000 per annum

, D® - - - per Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. from the Duties on Dogs, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at

D*.

£.70,000 per annum

per Ad 39 Geo. III. cap. 65. out of the Duties on Salt, at £.32,000 per annum

Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1803

£■ *• ft

800,039-----

1,07a 16 6

90,110 10 5

503,679 4

7,804-----

27.799 5 6

* 33.351 14 9i 106,170 13 7

106,000 — —-

95.000 -a. —.

73.865 + 72

32.000 -

*.376.892 9 7i

473.480 * 3 7f

1.850,373 3 3

Til E PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by tie Acts under-mentioned for defraying the increased Annual Charge of Public Debt, created in the Year 1797:

Per A a 37 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks

cap. 14. D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

15®

D® - — of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts D® — - of the Additional Duty on Tea -

Do-----of the Additional Duty on British Spirits

D°----- - D° - - Foreign D° ——

D«----- - - - - Auctions ——

D® — * of the Duties of Customs on Sugar - - * - - J

D° — of the Additional Duties on Stage Coaches - - - - •' ‘

-ft*-*■- of the Additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, after deducing £. 156,605 carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties - . -, - - - - "

The Arrears of the Additional Tax of/, m per-Cent. on Assessed Taxes - ’ ' - '* - -

The Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate - - - - . " "

The Arrears of the Tax on Clocks and Watches - - - -

The Produce of the Additional Tax of 3 d. per Pound on Pepper - -

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, by Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. for One Year, at £. 198,408 per annum,

to 5th January 1803 - . - - - " . " " " * ttt"

Surplus of the Consolidated Duties on Hotifes and Windows 1798, after reserving the Sums directed by Aa 38 Geo. III.

16.

— 19-

— M-

— 90.

— 108.

— no.

VCtp* *J*v

T)° ®- of the Consolidated Duties' on Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sums directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 4^* -D® - of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, after reserving the Sum directed by Ad 38 Geo. III.

B*- of the Consoli&ited Duties 011 Horses used for Riding, after reserving the Sum directed by Ad 38 Geo. III.

cap. 41. - - - - "

D® - of Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, after reserving the Sums directed by Act 38 Geo. Ill, cap. 41.

■D®- of the Consolidated Duties on Four and TwprWheeled Carriages, D® - - D*, cap. 41. " . "

D® r of the Consolidated Duties on Dogs, after reserving the Sum directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 41. - -

Reserved by Ad 4a Geo. III. cap. 34. out of Houses and Windows, for One Quarter, to 5th January 1803, at£. 102,285 per Quarter - - -; - l m

Rome forward

Vol. 58.

11 D

£. s. 38,058 —

7*956 —

304,822 16 108,410 —

221,531 —

86,898 — 117,060

58,432

the

d*

-i

4

*7

6|

2

572,5*

376

6

2 1 11

103 15 126,375 *8

4

6

198,408. — —

383,968

47»°5°

*27,1*5

78.54*

58,457

30,674

9,877

102,285 —- —

2,678,921 8 l4

926

Appendix

A. 1805

ipcndix,

o, 40.)

* Martii, Dntinved.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

•n

u

r>.

co

<3 < , u

Brought forward - -

Ih respect of the said £.18,125,006, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.8,156. 5*.

for Management ...... 551>906 5 —

D° - of the said 7.7,250,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 3,26a. to#.

for Management - -- -- - *220,762 to <—

D® of the said £.2,900,000, £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, including £.1,305 for Management 117,305-----

D® - of the Annuity of 6#. per-Cent. for 62 j Years, including £.489. 7#. 6d. for Management ...... 43,989 7

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.18,125,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolid&ted Annuities, issued to the Commissioners for the Redpdion of the National Debt, pursuant to an Att 32 Geo. 111. cap. 55. amounts annually to - - - 181,250 — —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.7,250,000, £.3 per-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the N&tional Debt, amounts

annually to ----- - 72,500-----

D* - D® £.2,900,000, £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, D® - D® - 29,000-----

D* - - D8 of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 6 s. per-Cent. for 62 j Years, at - the end of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts annually to - 5,920-----

£. rf.

1,216,546 16 1

1,222,633 * 6

8 . a ©>

r- s (

THE ANNUAL CHARGE, on Accoiiht of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; ri;:.

In respect of £. 16,438,175. 5*. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7*397. Jj. 6jd.

for Management - - - - ...... £. 500,542 8

D° - of £.765,427. 11#. 6rf. £.4 per-Cent. Annuities, including £.344. 8*. lod. for

Management ...... 30,961 10 10

D®--of £.2,034,889. 11#. id. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, including £.915. 14*. for

Management - - - - 102,660 3 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £*16,438,175. 5^ £-3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to-----* - 164,381 15 —

D° - - of the said £.765,427. in. 6d. £.4 per-Cent* Annuities - D° - - D® - - 7,654 5 6

D° - - of the said £.2,034,839. 1 is. id. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities - D® - - D# - * 20,348 17 10

And the A N N U A L CHARGE, on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietor* of Exchequer Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; viz.

•"In respect of £. 1,999,609. 4#. 4d. Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in-

S gL

S

D°

D®

eluding £.899. ijs. 3\d. for Management

L

826^49 \ 4f

£- 60,890 16 9 ft

-of £■ 104,432. 5*. 8d. Capital Stock, £■ 4 per-Cent. Annuities, including

£.46. 19#. 10id. for Management ----- 4,224 5 8j|

-of £.270,202. 4s. 8d. Capital Stock, £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, including

£,121. 11#. 9jd. for Management - -- - 13,631 14 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 1,999,699. 4s. 4d. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to-----* - 19,996 19 id

D® - - of the said £.104,432. 5#. 8d. £.4 per-Cent. Annuities D® - - D® 1,044 6 4

D® - of the said£.270,202. 4s. 8d. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities D# D® 2,702 — 4

By Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 144. £. 1,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore, the Expences On that Account, which are paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, mud be deduded from the above Charges, and amount annually to ......

102,490 3 — 3,368,119 2 ui

186,871 1 io{ £•1 3.34‘.34* 1

BY VIRTUE of an Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 37. the Sum of £. 17,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1798, upon

the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, £. #. A

To £. 1.50 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - - - - - - 35,500,000-----

To £. 50 - - D° - - - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities

And to an Annuity of 4#. nd. for 61 £ Years, amounting to ——

BY sundry Acts explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of £. 8,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £. 17,000,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other fide are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges of the remaining £. 9,000,000 of the said Loan.

Bv Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above Sum of £. 8,000,000, are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

8,500,000 *— — 22,125 — —

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follows; viz.

In respect of £. 13,500,000 Capital Stocky £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,075 for Management D® - - of£. 4,500,000 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 for Management -D® - - of the Annuity of 4s. x id. per-Cent. on the said £.9,000,000, granted for 61 £ Years, including £.248. i8*.i}tf.

for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the iaid Capital Stock of £. 13,500,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to - ....

D® - - 0/£. 4,500,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D®-----D® ——

D* - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 4#. nd. per-Cent. for 61 j Years, at the end #f 45 Years, issued as above - - - - ......

Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 90. £.2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid jit the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges; amounting annually to -

Surplus of this Fund for the Year ending 5 th January 1803

c

£. *. d.

411,075-----

137,025-----

22,373 »8 if

I35i°°®-----

45,000-----

2,880 — —

753.353 18 li

167,411 19 7 I

585,94-1 l8

97,815 11 »l I

683,757 IO 64

■ lie-—'-j- -

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

927

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—continued.

Brought forward -

Reserved by Ad 4a Geo. III. cap. 34. out of Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses* at £. 8,089 per Quarter

Reserved by Ad42 Geo. III. cap 37. out of Duties on Male Servants, at £. 12,790 per Quarter -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Dogs, at £. 142. 10s. per Quarter - * * -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Ilorfes used for Riding, at £. 19,108 per Quarter -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Horses used for Htiibandry, at £.42,375. 5k. per Quarter

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, at £. 1*856. 5 s, per Quarter -

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in 1797, should be added the Amount of those On Sugar, received in the Year ending 5 January 1803, which were granted in 1797, to defray the annual increased Charge of the Public Debt created in that Year, but are now granted annually - -

By the Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1803 -

c *• d-

2,678,0? 8 i|

8,089-----

ISr,79o — -t-14T 10 —

19,108-----

42,378 5 — 187 12 7|

Append i (No. 40 30* Mari

continued.

2,761,616 15 8£

416,716 18 8$

3»17®,333 *4 5f

63,014 6 7J

£• 3,24»,348 1

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts undermentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the

928

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

3 oT Martii%

am tinted.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

BY V1HTU E of an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 7. the Sum of £.3,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1799,

upon the following Terms; viz.

T he Contributors weFe entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, £. s. d.

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - ----- 3,000,000 —

Ami to £.87^ 9 s. 6 d. Capital Stock, ■£. 3 per-Cent Reduced Annuities - - - - 2,624,250-----

BY VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. the further Sum of £* 15,506,000 was borrowed for the

Service of the Year 1799, upon the tollowing Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - 19,375,000-----

And £. 50 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - -- -- -- 7,750,000 —

BY’ funrlry Acts explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of* the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 11,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £. 15,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other tide are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £.4,500,000 of the , laid Loan.

BY Act 42 C.co. III. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £ 11,000,000, are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision

was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

The ANNUAL C II AUG E in Fefpeft of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

9

O r.,

' > eo - 1

t_

Cl

In respect of the said £. 3,000,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.1,350 for D* -

Management

C .2

<2 v_ c Cm

of the said £.2^24^250, £. 3 per-Cent. Redueed. Annuities, including £.1,180. 18 s. 3d. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 3,000,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to, the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to

D° - - of the said £. 2,624,250, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - Da -

In respect of £.5,625,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.2,531. 55. for Management 171,281 5 —

D® - - of £.2,250,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,012. 10$.

for Management - - 68,512 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.5,625,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to - -- - 56,250 —

D° - - of the said £.2,250,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - Da - - D® - - 22,500-----

B\r an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 114. £.3,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting annually to

91.350-----

79,908 8 3

30,000 -

26,242 10 --

227,500 18 3

318,54315 —

546,04413 3 212,362 10 —

333>68* 3 3

B Y V I'RT U E of an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. the Sum of £. 20,500,oooo, was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1800,upon the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. too contributed, £. s. d.

To £. 110 Capital Stock, £. 3 pei-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ----- 22,550,000-----

And to £. 47 Capital Stock,. £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Aunuitics, amounting to ----- - 9*635,000 —

BY the above Act, Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £.13,500,000, Part of the above Loan of £. 20,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other fide are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £. 7,000,000 of the said Loan,

BY Act-42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £. 13,500,000 are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and PtovHion \yas made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

T H E ANNUAL CIIA R G E in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, are as follows; viz.

d.

In ref|>eft of £.7,709,000 Capital’Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 3,465 for Management - - 234,465-----

1)° - - of £. 3,290,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,480. 10*. for Management - - - - 100,180 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 7,700,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Aimaities, issued Quarterly to

the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to ----- 77,000 — —*

--of the said £.3,290,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, -*!>•--- D° - - - 32,900-----

B Y_an Act 39 and 40 Geo..HI- cq,p. 109. £. 2/>oo, qoo were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to he provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which are __yuid at the Exchequer, must be deduftjed from the above Changes, amounting annually to -

By the Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1S03

444*545 10 —

127,013 — —

317,53* 10 —

379,919 8 —I

697.451 18 -i!

BY V1 ftTU E of an Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 3. the Sum of £.28,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1801, upon the following Terms; viz.

£■ '■ a

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 1^5 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to And to £. 50. 15s. •£• 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities -

I.

35,000,000-----

14,210,000-----

\T I1E lA N N U A L CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows; viz.

In respect of*£. 35,obo, oooor£. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.15,750 for Management -

H° -- of £. 14,^10,oooo, £• 3 ptr-Cent. Reduced, including £. 6,394 for Management -

Oue Hundredth Part of the- said Capital Stock of £. 35,000,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts annually to - -

- - of the said £. 14,210,000,. £. 3 per-Cent. 1,0

- D° - - D®

B Y Act 41 Geo. HI. cap. 3. the Sum of £. a,500,000 were granted for the Sendee of Ireland, the Interest and Charges .- -ydu-.MM,! to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therelore, the Expences incurred on that Account, ■which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the other Charges, amounting annually to

£. «. d.

1,065,750-----•

+32,694 10 —

350,000 — — 142,100-----

i,99®,544 10

*77,7*7 3 9

i< - :e- *>--

rr-rrgt

Appendix.

1803

43 Geo. III.

m

it*

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, kc.^continued.

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt created in the Year 1799.

Appendi (No, 4c go* Mart\ continued.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Sugar and Coffee -

D°-----of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes

Composition for Stamps per Bank -

By the Deficiency of this Fund in the Yedr ended 5th January 1803

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the under-mentioned Acts for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt created in the Year 1800 \ viz.

THE PRO D UC E of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned for defraying the increased Annual Charge

of the Public Debt created in the Year 1801; viz*

Per A a

41 Geo. III.

Surplus Consolidated Letter Money, after it forcing the Sums directed per Act 41 Geo. III. commencing from 7

5th April 1801 ...... I -J CaP’7-

Paper (Customs) - - - - D° - - - _ - . g.

D° (Excise) - - - - D# ...... - - . - - _ D°

lea ----- from id March - -— I>

Horses used for Riding - - 5th April - — 9,

D° - - for Husbandry - - D° - - - ...... - — D°

Stamps ----- D° - - ...... - 10.

Timber - - - ill May ...... - - - * 28.

Reserved out of Consolidated Duties on Ilorfes for Riding, &c. by Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 37. at £*32,500 per Quarter -

D°-----D° on Husbandry Holies, I)0 - - - D° - - - at £. 40,000 per Quarter -

Surplus of Paper (Excite) by Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 94. - * - . + 4 -

By the Deficiency of this Fund in the Year endine sth January 180*1

'Dj6i

286,036-----

3*697 15 H

99,097 -—

303,740 16 62,350 — —

80,608.——

507,142 7 6 274,79+ — 9i

32,500-----

40,000-----—

____4°>788 —

19 .<0

80 r%f\n fi r —

930

Appendix

A. 1803

ppendix.

No. 40.)

3* Mart,

zontinued.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

BY VIRTUE of aii Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 8. the Proprietors of certain Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the fante to be cancelled, amounting to £.5,940,300, and who fubl'cribed £. 50 per-Cent. thereon, in Money, amounting to £-2,970,150, were entitled for each £. 100.

To £.15 Capital Stock, £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities (to be added to those granted in 1797) amounting to £. 50 d° - - * - £.4 per-Cent. Annuities ----- D° -

£.25 d° - - - - £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities - - - - D®

£.05 d° - - - - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - - .- - D°

And to an Annuity of i«. 9 d. per-Cent. for 58 4 Years - - D® -

B Y VI RTUE of another Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 33. the Sum of £.25,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1802, upon the following Terms; viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £.65. Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

£.60. - - - D° - - £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities ----- D° -

And to £.6. 195. 3d. D° £. 3 per-Cent. Deferred Annuities (the Interest whereof is to commence from the 5th day of January 1808); amounting to ——

£■ «• d.

2.227.612 IO --

4*455,225 -

2.227.612 10 —

2.227.612 10 — 7,796 12 10 J

16,250,000-----

15,000,000-----

1,740,625 —

B Y V I RTUE of another A&. 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Duties on Income were repealed, and the several Annuities, &c. specifically charged thereon, were made a charge upon the Consolidated Fund; viz.

The Contributors to £. 17,000,000, borrowed per Ad 38 Geo. III. cap. 37. for the Service of the Year 1798, were entitled in respedof £. 8,000,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 150 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

To £. 5° - - D° - - - £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D°.-----

And to an Annuity of 45. lid. for 61 i Years - - - D® - -

The Contributors to £, 15,500,000 borrowed per Ad 39 Geo. 111. cap. 60. for the Service of the Year 1799, were entitled in respect of £. 11,000,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

And to £.50- - D° - - £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D J -

The Contributors to £.20,500,000, borrowed per Ad 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. for the Serv ice of the Year 1800, were entitled in respect of £. 13,500,000 thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 110 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to And to £. 47 - D° - - £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D*

12,000*000 -

4,000,000-----

19,666 13 4

I3>750,oooo

5,500,000

14,850,000

6,345,oooo

eu

rt

o

8

o

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the aforesaid Acts is as follows; viz.

In respedof the said £. 2,227,612. 105. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 1,002. Ss. 6d. for Management D° - - of the said £. 4,455,225, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, including £.2,004. 17*. for Management D* - - of the said £.2,227,612. 105. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.1*002. 85. 6d.

for Management ——

D° - - of the said £.2,227,612. 105. £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,002.8 s.6d. for Management ——

D® - - of the said Annuity of is. 9 d. per-Cent. for 584 Years, including £.87. 14.?. 2 $d. for Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.2,227,612. 105. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, issued to the Commissioners for the lledudion of the National Debt -

D® - of the said £. 4,455,225, £.4 per Cent. Annuities, ...... - D® ......

D° - - of the said £.2,227,612. 105. £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, - D° -

D° - - of the said £. 2,227,612. los. £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D° -

D® - - of the future Aduai Value of the Annuity of 1 s. gd. per-Cent. for 584 Years, at the End of 45

Years, - - D® -

In respect of £.16,250,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 7,312. 105. for Management

D° - - of £.15,000,000. £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 6,750 for

Management - - - ...... - -

D° - - of £. 1,740,625, £. 3 per-Cent. Deferred Annuities, the Interest whereof does not commence till 5U1 January 1808, £.52,218. 15 s. -

los. for Manage-"! £• 494*812 10 —

£• 456,750-----

1 —

180,213 17 —

67.830 16 —

67.830 16 — 7,884 7 14

22.276 2 6

44*552 5 —

22.276 2 6

22.276 2 6

842-----

3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.5,400 for Manage-"!

- - - £. 363400

per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,800 for Management - - - 121,

of the said Annuity of 4s. lid. per-Cent. for 6lj Years, including £.221. 5s.

for Management ----- - 19,'

I In respect of £. 12,000,000, £.

ment -D° - - of £.4,000,000, £.3 j

2 D° -

lanage-"^ 1,800 — —(

9,887 i3 4J

£3 fin respect of £. 13,750, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,187. 105. for Manage-

o \ ment - -- -- - ...... ~

■< c* <© J ....

D° of £. 5,500,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 2,475 for

Management -

f In respect of £.14,850,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,682. 10 s. for Manage 2 2 £ ment ...... " ‘ *'

O J

fc o dA D° - - of £. 6,345,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,855. 5 s. for * S Management -

o> I

« 'w -__________ - - __________

.05. for Manage-^ £.418,687 10 — f

167,4-5 —)

loj. for Mam £.452,182 10

*93>2°5 5 —

BY Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 33. £. 2,000,000, Part of £.25,000,000, was for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and'l ^Charges to be provided by that Part of the United Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which * are paid at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, amounting annually to -

548,365 9 7i

951,562 10 —

507,087 18 4

5S0,162 10 —

645,387 *5 —

to tin

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 931

932

Appendix,

A. 1803,

Appendix,

'XNo. 40.)

<7;o° Marlii,

J*.

A ' continued,

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT created in the Years under-mentioned, and the Produce of the icveral Duties granted for defraying the lame, in the Year ended iiftb January 1803.

J VEA JtS. CHARGE. PRODUCE. SURPLUS. DEFICIENCY.

1793 * - u £■ *. d. 252,812 10 — £■ 310,412 s. d. 9 2 £. t. d. 57,599 >9 2 £■ s. d. \

*794- - £ m - 773.324 — 9e 1,241,186 19 G’ 467,802 18 9

*795 " * - 1,227,415 3 ii >.473.577 2 11:? . | 246,161 19 —2

1796 - - - 1.850,373 3 3 1,376,892 9 7ii 1 -* - - - 473,480 >3 7}

>797 * - - 3,241,34.8 v 1 3,1/8,333 H 5y - - - - 63,014 6 7i

1798 - - * 585,941 18 6* 683,757 10 6p 97^15 n 1 ij

>799 - - 333.682 3 3 133,689 12 3:f . . 199,992 10 11

1800 - - 317,532 10 — 697,+5 ‘ ,8 379*919 * —i

*8oi * - 1,812,817 6 3 >,73°-753 19 10 j - - . - 82,063 6 S

1802 - i ! 3,162.441 2 ul >,957.34° 12 IO;?; - - 1,205,100 10 —£

£• j >3.557.688 \\ 1 >2,783,396 9 4 1,249,359 16 i>i 2,023,651 7 8

1 1,249,359 16 llj

DEFICIENCY on the Whole of the Duties in the Year ended 5th January 1803 - - £. 774,291 10 8

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 30th March 1803.

N. Vanjlttart.

Appendix,

(No. 41.)

4* Jprilis.

A Further E 5 T I M A T E of the Ex ponce of The F E MALE O RPIIA X IIO US E, Dublin, for one Year, from the 5th of January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804, for the support of One hundred ami Forty Children.

Diet ......

Clothing -

Furniture and Repairs

Wages and Allowances

Coals -

Soap and Candles

Books, Printing, and Stationary -

Rent -

Incidental Expences for Sick, &c.

Total Expence lor one Year

£■ d-

1,200-----

350-----

93 1° -

130-----

79 '5 — 72 —

33 10 — 30-----

Ax E S T I M AT E of the F U X I) S applicable to the Discharge of the above Expence, for the fame period.

Annual Subscriptions -

Produce of Needlework ’

Interrft on Ten Government Debentures Collection at an Annual Sermon

Total Estimate of Funds DilTevcnr.c between Funds and Expence

- 3C6 15 —

170

- 1 I O

- 500

- £- i?cS6 15 —

- 078 1-2 —

1 i 1 2,065 7 —

Female Orphan House, Circular Road, Dublin, February i8lh 1803*

Rickd Matins,

Re giitcr and Accountant.

43 Geo. lit.

Appendix.

&33

A Further ESTIMATE of the EX PENCE of the Association for Discountenancing Vice and Promoting the Knowledge 6f thfc Christian Religion, in Ireland, from 5th January 1803 to the 5th of January 1804

<1

(3.)

Estimate of Expences: £■ Estimate of Funds:

Officers Salaries ----- 65 By Members Subscriptions, on an Average of the last

Charge incurred by distribution of Bibles at reduced three years ----- 450

Prices - -- - 300 By Sale of TraXs ----- 20

D° - - of Testaments and Prayer Books - 200

D° - - of TraXs, Religious and Moral - - - IOO By Sum wanted to answer Expences - 1,000 /

D° - - for printing like TraXs (to be distributed gratis) 130 /

D° — for extending Catechetical Examinations /

throughout Ireland ----- 400 /

D° — for the Encouragement of the Establishment of /

Schools in the most uninliruded Parts of Ireland - 200 /

D° - - for Premiums to Country Schoolmasters, under /

certain limitations ----- 75 /

B* — to promote the Eflahlishment of a Seminary for /

Schoolmalters and Parish Clerks - 50 7

D° - - for Contingent Expences * 50 f. j

£■ u 1 1,270 1,27°

Appendix

(No 41.)

4° Aprilis,

continued.

Signed by Order,■

H.

IMaturin

u

Sec1*

A SURVEY and REPORT of the Coasts and Central Highlands of SC OTLAND;—Made by the Command of the

Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in the Autumn of 1803;

By Tiiomas Telford, Civil Engineer, Edin. F. R. S.

II.

Ill

IV.

V.

My Lords;

tN reporting upon the Survey I made in Scotland, in obedience to thfc InstruXions I had the honour of receiving from your Lordships, dated the first of July 1802, 1 find the business may be most conveniently arranged under the following Heads:

L What regards rertdering the intercourse of the Country more perfect, by means of Bridges and Hoads.

Ascertaining various circumstances relative to the Caledonian Canal, especially with regard to the Supplies of Water on the Summit Level, and the best Communications from this Canal to the Fishing Locks at the back of the lile of Skye. The Means of promoting the Fisheries on the East and West C calls.

The causes of Emigration and the Means of preventing iri Improving the means of Intercourse between Great Britain and the Northern Parts of Ireland, particularly as to the Bridges and Roads between Carliflt* and Port Patrick, and also the Harbour of Port Patrick.

Under each of those Ilnids are comprehended subjects highly de-serving the attention of Government; the more they are invelligated, the more important they will appear, and the Public will become mote fully convinced that the general lnlmTts of the British Empire are extensively conneXed with the several Improvements which are mentioned in your Lordships InstruXions.

Of BRIDGES and ROADS.

THE obstacles which at present obstrud the Communications in the North of Scotland are numerous and well known, not only to the Inhabitants, but to every Person who has travelled through, or even enquired into the State of the Country.

Previous to the year 1742, the Roads were merely the tracks of Black Cattle and Horl'cs, interceded by numerous rapid Streams, which being frequently swoln into torrents by heavy rains, rendered them dangerous or impatlable. The Military Roads, which w'ere formed febout this time, having been laid out with other views than promoting Commerce and industry, are generally in such directions, and so inconveniently ftcep, as to be nearly unfit for the purposes of civil life; told in those parts where they are tolerably accessible, or where Roads have fmee been formed by the Inhabitants, the use of them is very touch circumscribed from the want of Bridges over some of the principal Rivers.

The general connexions of the Country may he dated as leading frertn Edinburgh to the North and North-welt Counties, by means of one Road through the Highlands, and by another along the East Coast and South Shore of the Murray Firth to the Town of Invemefs, and from

j Vol. $8.

Appendix, (No. 42.)

5* Aprilis.

thence through Beanley and Dingwall, to Tain in Rofsshire. From Glasgow and Greenock, the communications by land are through Argyleshire, to the Western parts of Inverness and Rofsshire, and to the Shores oppoflte the whole of the Hebrides. There is an important communication from Inverness Westward, across the Country to Fort Augustus and Fort William, and from Fort Augustus there are just the vestiges remaining of what was once a Military Road to Bcrnera, oppoflte the back of the Isle of Skye.

In considering these lines of Roads, it appears most regular to begin on the borders of the improved Country, and near to the feats of Commerce and industry. In proceeding from Edinburgh Northwards, by the East Coast and Murray Firth to Inverness, or through the central Highlands to the same place, and from thence to Tain on the Dornoch Firth in Rofsshire, we find the communications intercepted, and learn that accidents frequently happen from the want of a Bridge over the River Tay at Dunkeld in Perthshire, another over the River Spey at Fochabers in Bamlfshire, a third over the River Beanley in Invernefsshire, and a fourth over the River Conon, near Dingwall, in Rofsshire. These Rivers are large, and at present are all crofted by means of Ferry-boats.

At Dunkeld the River Tay is deep and broad, and there is reason to expex the Foundations will be expensive, the bed of the River at and for a great distance above and below the Town being composed of alluvial earth and gravel. The best situation for a Bridge is a little way above the lower Ferry; at this place there is a strait reach of the River, and in Winter the ice is broke by passing over a Ford nearly oppoflte the mouth of the River Bran. This situation will also conned with the improved lines of Road which are proposed to be made on each side of the River. It is probable that a flat Rubble-ftofne will be got near the Slate Quarries, which are within a short distance of the place. Freeftone of a durable quality is to be had near Dundee; it -may be brought by water-carriage to Perth, and from thence by land to Dunkeld.

Under all these circumstances the Expence would be considerable, and taking into account the uncertainty of the Foundations, the Amount cannot be stated at less than £. 15*000.

The two Ferries which are now at Dunkeld belong to his Grace the Duke of Athol; he has authorized me to state, that if Government will defray One-half the Expence of a Bridge, that he will advance the other Half; that he will give up his Interest in the Ferries, if in lieu thereof a reasonable Tbll be put upon the Bridge, in order to liquidate the capital advanced by the Duke; after this has been accomplished, with a small surplus to answer the Repairs, the Bridge; ever after to remain free of Toll.

ti F This

River Tay.

934

Appendix,

A.mS:

;E'

u

Appendix, (No, 4^.)

5* Apri continued.

This seems a very reasonable and just mode of defraying the Expence; the safety and accommodation would be so great, that no Pertbn travelling that Road could object paying the lame Toll for a

safe and convenient Bridge, which at preH-nt is paid for a dangerous

and inconvenient-l’erry-boat, especiulLy when there will be a certain prospect ot having a Bridge free of Toll in a few years.

This Bridge is of the first importance to the central Highlands; it would accommodate a great District of that Country, and at the same time facilitate the communication with the North Highlands,

Hirer Spey. The River Spey is also rapid and deep, being the drain of a great extent of ihountainous Country, where there is much rain. It is of course a very dangerous Ferry. This Feiry is on the great Coatt Road Eastward from Inverness and Fort George, through the Towns and culthated Country in Murray and Bamtlshires, from whence it palies through Frazerbtirgh and Peterhead to Aberdeen.

Another branch of Road also bribes off Fochabers on the Spey, and palles determined by Huntley and Inverary to Aberdeen.

The nereftity of having a Bridge over the Spey at this place became so urgent, that his Grace the Duke of Gordon began a Subscription in the adjacent Country, in order to raise a part of the Money necessary to defray the Expence of a Bridge; his Grace let a liberal example, and it has been followed by mod of the Gentlemen in that part of the Country, in consequence of this exertion, a Contract has been entered into, and feme flops have been taken towards carrying this useful Work into execution; but unless Government will grant an Aid-equal to One-half the Expence, the Works mult shall be left unftnithed, and unlit for the pur poles intended.

The fitualion fixed upon for this Bridge is adjacent to the Ferry and Town of Fochabers. At this place a Rock patios quite through the River, at about from eight to ten feet below the surface of ordinary low water; and, as far as I could learn, it is the only place, unless at a great dilrunce up the Country, where the Rock pastes quite through the River. On these accounts it was judicious to prefer it for the situatioiT of the Bridge, and it was fortunate this happened preeilely in the line of the prefrnt Road.

As One-half of the Expence will be rnifed by Subscription in the Neighbourhood, if Government will defray the other Half, I under and it is proposed, that the Bridge shall be free of Toll. The Expence. cannot be Hated at less than £. 12,000.

I have made Rians and Sections for both those Bridges. On account of their being so nearly connected with the feats of the two before-mentioned Noblemen, I have introduced more decorations than what are ubfolutely necessary for common Road Bridges. This extra Expence will not amount to much; but, whatever it is, I propose it shall be defrayed by those Noblemen.

I, last year, produced Plans and Estimates for the Bridges over the Rivers Beanley and Conon; I have again examined the proposed fixations, and perceive that, on account of the uncertainty of the Foundations, and the alteration which must be made in some parts of the beds of . the Rivers, it will be necefiliry to take the Expcitccs of each Bridge at Five instead of Four Thou fund Pounds.

These two Bridges are greatly wanted in order to facilitate the Communications with Rulsshire, Sutherland, and Caithness; they are equally so for the North-wed Coast of the main Land and the Northern parts of the Hebrides; they are the roots from which a great number of branches of Roads are to proceed, which are necessary for the Improvement of the Country, and the Extension of the Fisheries.

Before entering upon the consideration of the Roads to the North of the Line of the Caledonian Canal, it is necessary to speak of the Communications from Glasgow and Greenock, through Argyleshire to Fort William. From Glasgow there is already a Road, which pafies through Dumbarton up the Weft lide of Loch Lomond, by the upper ends of Loch Long and Loch Fyne to Inverary. From Greenock, by crofting the Firth of the Clyde, there is a Road which pastes up the Fall lide of Gare Loch and Loch Long, and joins the Road to Inverary at the top of Loch Long. From Inverary there is one lload which pastes the upper end of Loch Awe, and another which Croft'es that Loch by a Ferry at Port Sonachan, and these Roads unite at Bunawe on the banks of Loch Etive. From Bunawe the Road is already made to Oban, and a branch erodes Loch Etive, and*pastes along the South lide of the Linnhe Loch and Loch Eil to Fort William. Between Bunawe and Fort William there are three Berries, over arms of the Sea, which running many miles into the Land, cannot well be avoided; in other respects the Communication trnm Glasgow and Greenock, thus far, is tolerably good. The Highland Society, in the excellent Report to which I shall frequently have orealion to refer, and which may be found in the Appendix, have pointed out a new Line of Road from the North tide of the Frith of Clyde, nearly opposite to Greenock, to be carried to the Bay of Strachan upon Loch Fyne; this would be a very direct Line from virecnock to Inverury, but it would be subjetft to two Ferries, and it seems doubttul whether this inconvenience would not overbalance the additional (Jiftao.ce round the upper end of the Lochs; at lealt, as there is already a very good communication by this Road, it feerns

most prudent to attend to the other more necessary portions of Road before this is undertaken. . ' ' ■_

From Fort William it will be very advifabie to improve and extend the Road which paTes along the North fide of the portion of Loch Eil, which turns from Fort William to the Weft, and to carry it from thence across the upper end of Loch Shicl, through Arrafaig to Merer, as described in the Report of the Highland Society. This would open a very direct communication from the-Clyde to the Fish-ing Locks at the back of Skye, to Skye itself, and to the Illunds of Egg, Rum, Muck, Barra, and South Lift. This would prove of ureat importance to the Fisheries on account of facilitating intelligence^ which is one of the most necessary steps to promote the success of this business.

In the year 1796, Mr. Brown, of Elgin, made a Survey and Estimate of this Road from Fort William to Morer, and stab-d the Expence at £. 6,456; fmee that time, I understand that about ^.1,500 has been laid out upon it, so that £. 4,000, and perLaps somewhat more, is ltill required to render it perfect. -

With regard to the Improvement of the Roads which lead from Fort William, East, to Inverness, there is one principle, which hi future ought never to be loft light of, which is, to shake the new Roads as near to the banks of the Rivers and Lociis as is practicable at a reasonable Expence. If the Caledonian Canal is executed, it is more than probable that many Improvements will be pointed out in the course of carrying on that great Work, and it would be imprudent to decide ralhly in a matter which is 1b much connected with this National ObjedL \

We now come to consider the Communications of the Countries which lie to the North and Welt of the track of the Caledonian Canal. From this Valle)*, which ruas from Fort William to lnver-ness, it is of great importance that there should be Lines of Communication with the Isle of Skye, and the Fishing Lochs which lie at the back of it; these Lines of Road are not only necessary for promoting the Fisheries, but are urgently called for by the litualioA.dJ the interior parts of the Country, where there are many fertile Vullies which hitherto haye remained nearly inaccetlible; it is incalculable the loss which the Public has sustained, and are about to lb tier, from the want of Roads in this Country. , '

From the Bridges of Beanley and Conon, Lines of Road, from the same important causes, are wanted in several directions to the West Coast, and through the whole of the Cotmties of Rossshire, Sutherland, and Caithness. The outlines of those Roads are well described in the Report of the Highland Society; and although there is a diversity of opinion as to the comparative importance ot fume of them, as well as of those to Skye, yet it is evident that they are all necessary for the welfare of the Country.

The Empire at large being deeply interested in those Improvements, as it regards promoting the Fisheries, and encreasing the Revenue and Population of the Kingdom, justifies Government in granting Aid towards making Roads and Bridges in a Country which must otherwise remain, perhaps for ages to come, thus imperfedily connected*

Yet as the Land-owners in those extensive Districts through which the Roads would pass, and indeed the whole of the adjoining Diliritls of Country, would enjoy improved Cultivation and Pasturage, encrealed Incomes, and all the blellings which are to be derived iroin a facility of Intercourse, it is certainly just that they should contribute a share with Government in the Expence of acquiring those advantages. They might be enabled to do this, without inconvenience to the present Possessorjs, by being empowered by an Act of Parliament to fell Land, or borrow Money upon the Land, to the amount of their proportion of the Expence to be incurred by the Roads and Bridges. This is reasonable, because the Money so raised would be applied to improve the Remainder of the entailed Estate, which would be enhanced in value, though somewhat diininished in extent

The Expence" of the Line? of Road which were surveyed and estimated by Mr. Brown, comprehending the whole of the before-mentioned Counties, and nearly 1,000 miles in length, did not amount to £• 150,000. If therefore we admit an equal quantity of Lines of Road to be undertaken and completed in the course of three \ears, would require an Annual Supply of £. 50,000, and supposing this to be raised in equal Moieties by Government and the Land-owners, it would be £. 25,000 each; but as it is not likely the whole could be brought so immediately into operation, it may with more probability be expected that six Years would be taken up in executing all the Lines, which would reduce the Annual Supply to £.25,000, or £. 12,500 from each Party. But this is exclusive of the four great Bridges, the total Expence of which is reckoned at £• 37>000’ they were undertaken by proper Persons they might be executed in three Years, which would require an Annual Supply of Sc/.; and if Government was to grant One-halt,

6,166 13 4 Annually.

12,500 00.

£•12,333. 6s. would be -

To which add the former

£. 18,6$6 13 4

Speaking

a-

: M

■'A e\. •'i «-f -urrv

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

935

u>

i u

• !3

■'■ii a i w t

.j

i J

c;>

Speaking therefore generally, if Government was disposed to encourage these plans of Improvement, and would agree to advance £. 20,000 in each of the first three years, and £. 12,000 in each of the last three years, it would then remain with the Land-owners of the Distritfs of Country through which the Lines, were to be carried, to come forward with their Surveys and Estimates, and Subscriptions to One-half the amount of the Expence, proving at the same time to the satisfaction of Government, that the proposed Lines would be of public as well as of private Utility. It would be necessary also to provide that the Works should be substantially executed, mid that the Laud-owners or others interested, should always lay out a certain Sum before Government advanced an equal Moiety.

Means should be provided for the maintenance of the Roads and Bridges after they have been completed, and for this purpose there should either be a Fund reierved, or a final 1 Toll laid on, to go in aid of the Statute Labour of the Country. A very important consideration allb, is, the erecting and maintaining proper Inns upon the Roads.

Several of the Houses which were built by Government upon the Military Roads, are striking inlhinces of the necessity there is of giving the People who are to keep the Inns, l'oniething else to depend upon besides what ariles from fu|>plying Travellers; there should be some Land attached to the House, at a Rent to be settled by reference.

I am not prepared to say what the quantity should be, or of what particular ddcription; it is at present sufficient to point out the principle.'

Upon the whole, as far as regards the Bridges and Roads, I can have no helitation in stating, that they are of the greateti moment for promoting the improvement of the Country, and for pci ledting the connexions with the Pithing Lochs and the Hebrides; and I shall hereafter endeavour to explain my reasons for thinking, that some ihare of the Emigrations is to be attributed to the want of proper communications.

and experience would point out wlmt future Improvements were ne-cefiury upon this Coalt.

From Aberdeen, Peterhead, and Frazcrburgh, a communication might be kept ujl) with Cromarty, by means of Signals or a Telegraph, or by Land express to Nairn, where the Firth is only* three leagues over; or a fall-failing Vessel would fuori run with an Ealierly wind from Frazerburgh to Cromarty.

If Cromarty Bay was made a Roadfread, there would be wanted a Storehouse arid some other conveniences, which may be on a small scale, until the merits of tie place have been fully proved; allow an Expence here of £. 5,000.

NAVAL STATIONS.

BEFORE entering upon the subjetffof the Caledonian Canal, it will be proper to observe, that I again examined the Bay of Cromarty, and have procured some more Information respetffing it and the Murray Firth.

Mr. Henderson, the resident Custom-House Officer, a man of re-speciability, has, at my ddire, ascertained the depth of Water in the Wells, and also what quantity flows from a Spring about half a mile from the Town. From his Letter it appears, that at the depth of 20 feet from the surface of the plain upon which the 'Town hands, there are four feet of Water in their Wells; when at Cromarty I learnt that, at high Springs, this Water is brackilh, but it is generally used for walking and other domestic purposes. At the dillance of about half a mile from the Town there is a fine Spring, which was discovered by the late Mr. Ross during his ineffectual attempt to find Coal; from this circumstance it is called the Coal Well. This Spring produces on an Average upwards of 20 hogsheads of Water in an hour; this Water might be collected into a Reservoir at a finall expence; from this Reservoir it might be brought to the Shore, which is a short distance, in Pipes, and by means of hose run into Calks in a Ship's Boat; to protect the Boats, u small Pier might be formed at this place.

Capiain DitJT. Captain Duff, of the Royal Navy, who is well acquainted with

*---v-—> the Country, and has navigated the Murray Firth in a Frigate, has

been so obliging as to reiblvc some Queries which I took the liberty of transmitting to him through his Brother-in-law, Colonel Dirotn. Captain Duff confirms the general Report of the Excel!‘nee of the Bay of Cromarty, and the entrance to it; his opinion respecting the Navigation of the Murray Firth is quite as favourable as I had been led to advance in my last; Report; from wlmt he Antes, it appears, that even with a contrary wind, a Ship of War could clear the Head-Lands in 48 hours from the time of leaving the Bay of Cromarty; from this Account, persons conversant in Naval Affairs will be able to judge how far this Bay would be suitable for a Squadron destined to watch the mouth of the Baltic, and protect the CoaA. It would be Angularly well Atuated for Convoys to Vessels coining from the Wefrward through the Caledonian Canal, and when returning with the fame Trade; after seeing the Merchant Ships pass Fort George, the Ships of War would be close in with their own Harbour.

Aberdeen. As an aid to this Station, the Harbour of Aberdeen might be } made to receive Frigates; this Harbour is not embayed, and Frigates might fail from it at all times. In my lad Report I dated the Expence which would attend improving this Harbour, and I diflingushed what extra expence would be required to render it capable of receiving Frigates, which appeared to be£. 33,700.

The Magistrates of the Town, by whose spirited exertions several valuable Improvements, have already been effected, have authorized me to say that they are ready to co-operate with Government as far as their circumstances will admit. If Frigates were dationed at Aberdeen, and large Ships at Cromarty, a Naval Protection would be immediately obtained in that quarter at a very moderate expence,

Append!

(No. 42

5°■dpr-;/:

coni 1 niu d

THE CALEDONIAN CANAL.

I passed along the whole line of this Canal# that is, from Inverness on the Ead, to Fort William on the Well Coast. I took much pains to examine into the nature of the Navigation of the Lochs, their soundings and anchoring places. For this purpose I applied chiefly to Mr. Gwynn, who has commanded the Lochness Galley in Government Service 36 years; from him I obtained a very full and satis-fadory Account of Lochness; he also took the soundings of Loch Oich and a part of Loch Lochy for me.

From him I learnt that Lochriefs is 2d miles in length, and front one to two and a half miles in breadth, that its extreme depth is 135 fathoms, and generally 15 to 20 very near the Shores; that there are fix anchoring places on the North, and four on the South fide, and that at each end of the Loch there is good anchorage in from 3 to 5,

8 and 10 fathom water.

' That a Vessel passing from the Wed to the Ead end before a Wederly wind, or in a contrary direction before an Ealierly wind, has nothing to do but run before the wind the whole way, which /he would do in from three to five hours, and with contrary winds in moderate weather flie would work it in from 24 to 36 hours.

That the Eaderly winds generally prevail from March till the end of September, when the WeAerly winds set in and continue for the red of the year.

The Soundings he took in Loch Lochy are from seven to sixty-eight fathoms, with bold Shores and good Anchorage.

In Loch Quoich, which isathort Loch on the Summit Level, there are some shallow parts, but they may be made sufficiently deep.

I next proceeded to examine the supplies of Water which are on the Summit Level, and for this purpose I passed up the Valley of Glen-garey to Loch Hourn at the back of Skye. In this Valley I found Loch Garry, which appears to be upwards of five miles in length, and from half a mile to one mile in breadth; towards the head of the Valley is Loch Quoich, which appears to be upwards of eight miles in length, and from one to two miles in breadth; these natural Reservoirs, placed in an extensive Valley and a rainy Country, form an abundant proviAon for every purpose to which w'ater can be applied in the Course of the Canal.

Having ascertained these points, I passed by a very rocky and pre-cipilous track, down to the Head of Loch llourn; from Loch Mourn I travelled by a track scarcely less rugged, to the top of Glen Elg, and over the sleep Mountain of Raatachan to the top of Loch Duich; from thence I travelled along the vefriges of a Military Road, up Glen Shiel, down a part rif Glen Morrifori, and over a rugged Mountain to Fort Augustus. Iri Gleri Morrison and Glen Garry it is possible to make Roads, if judiciously laid out, upon an easy afeent; but the idea of Water-conveyance through them between the Caledonian Canal and the Fiffiing Lochs, i$ altogether unadvifable.

My next object was to examine the Country which lies between the top of Loch Eil and Loch Shiel, in order to find whether a Water Conveyance could be made at a moderate Expence from Loch Eil through Loch Sheil, and so into the Fiffiing Grounds to the South of Skye, without passing down the Linnhe Loch, up the Sound of Mull, and round the point of Ardnamurchan. I carried a Level across the Neck of Land which separates Loch Eil from Loch Shiel, the distance is about three miles. I found the summit of the Land 43 feet above high water in Loch Eil, and 35 feet 5 inches above the level of the fresh water in Loch Shiel. Io order to form a Canal, as there is no water to be got on this summit, the ground must be cut down to 12 feet below the level of the water in Loch Shiel, which would make 47 feet 5 inches of cutting, and this depth of cutting would be continued for nearly a mile; I also susped that in this distance Rock would be met with. I am therefore sorry to say, I cannot adviie the Work being undertaken before the nature of the ground has been fully proved, and the whole of, Loch Shiel has been examined with great care; and asjhis passage cannot be useful unless the Caledonian Canal be made and navigated from the East; if that event should take place, there will be plenty of time to re-examine this point with care; at present it ought, ifc my opinion, to be postponed.

Having investigated all the points which fell under my observation as a Civil Engineer, I became extremely defiroos of having the opinion of experienced and well-informed mercantile and seafaring people, with regard to the present Navigation by thi Pentland Firth and the Orkneys, and the proposed Inland Navigation by the Cale-

->.etonian

936

Appendix*

etonian Canal; with the view of procuring the heft possible information on this subject, I applied to I.eith, Aberdeen, and Peterhead, on the East Coast, and to Greenock, Dublin, Liverpool, and Bristol, on the Weft.

In the Appendix to this Report, I have inserted the Queries and Answers; by which it in ay be leen that there is only one opinion as to the dangers and inconveniences of the present Navigation, and the advantages which may be expected from the proposed Inland Navigation, if united with a Naval Station in the Murray Firth* or on the adjacent Coast of Scotland.

This fanchon of experienced people, who are all deeply interested in Commercial Concerns, will, I trull, satisfy your Lordships, that it has not been upon unsubstantial grounds that I have ventured to recommend this great National Object.

My Estimate of the Expence of forming this Navigation is nearly £. 350,000, and the time required to complete it would probably be about seven years; this division would require an Annual Supply of £.50,000.

Upwards of thirty Yoflcls have been wrecked on the Coast of * Caithness, in the memory of Alexander Miller, of Staxigo.

THE FISHERIES.

IN what regards the Eifhcries, I beg leave to quote a passage from my last vearV Report:—" I believe it is generally admitted, that in the Improvement of a Country, the interference of Government " should extend only to the removing obstacles, and affording convc-" niences, winch are of a nature not ealilv to he i'urmouiited by In-41 dividuals, or any body of Men who can he brought to ad together;

* and where il is evident that by removing those obstacles, and u affording these conveniences, the exertions of Individuals will be " greatly facilitated, so as to promote the general good of the " Empire."

The objects connected with the Fisheries, which seem to come Under the foregoing description, are, 1ft. The want of a ready communication by Water between the East and West Coasts; 2nd. The want of Communications by Land from the Low Countries and the East Coast, with the Shores and Filling Lochs of the West Coast; 3dly. The Inconveniences arising from the operation of the Salt Law’s; and, 4tldy. The want of a Harbour in Caithness.

The first and fecontl of those objrds have already been fully dif-cuffed under the heads of the Caledonian Canal, and the proposed Bridges and Roads. The third has been so often and thoroughly investigated, that I shall only in this place take the liberty <<r mentioning, that all the information I have received, tends to confirm the justice of the complaints against the Laws now in force which regard Salt. v

As to the fourth object, The Harbour of Wick in Caithness, which I examined, estimated, and reported upon last year, wiil remove the just complaints of want of PioteGion on the N. E. Coast.

THE EMIGRATIONS.

THAT Emigrations have already taken place from various parts of the Highlands, is a fad upon which there does not remain room to doubt; from the best information I have been able to procure, about three thousand Persons went away in the courl’e of last year, and, if I am rightly informed, three times that number are preparing to leave the Country in the present year.

I shall not encroach upon your Lordships time by investigating all the remote or unimportant collateral causes of Emigration, but shall proceed to that which I consider to be the most powerful in its present operation; and that is, converting large Dill rids of the Country into extensive Sheepwalks. This not only requires much fewer people to manage the fame track of Country, but in general an entirely new People, who have been accultnmed to this mode of life, are brought from the Southern parts of Scotland,

The difference of Rents to the Landlords between Sheep and Black Cattle is, I under and, at lead three to one, and yet on account of the extraordinary rife in the prices of Sheep and Wool, the Sheep Farmers have of late years been acquiring Wealth. As the introducing Sheep Farms over Countries heretofore flocked with Black Cattle, creates an extensive demand for the young Sheep from the established Farms, it is possible that the high prices may continue until a con-fidurable portion of the Country is fully (locked; after this takes place, the quantities of Sheep produced will bear a very great proportion to the demand, and then it is polTible the prices may fall below the average Value; in this case it is probable the Farms will be fubdi-virfed, and a proportion of Black Cattle and cultivation be Introduced in the lower eroimds in the Vallies, while the upper parts of the Hills continue to be pafhirrd with Sheep. This I consider its the most improved hate of Highland Farming, and is confident with a very con-lulerabh* population; a beaut iful iriftauce of tins is to be leen along the North tide of l.orh Tav. But improved communications, by means of Roads and Bridges, are necessary for tills date of Society, and for this reiifon 1 have ibid, that if these conveniences had been fuoner

■/'Appendix, 11" (No. 42.)

\i f,

V, 5* Aprilis, .1 continued.

A. 1803,

introduced into the Highlands, it is possible this Emigration might not have taken place, at lead to the present extent.

The very high price of Black Cal tie has also facilitated the means of Emigration, as it has fumished the old Fanners with a portion of Capital which enables them to transport their Families beyond the Atlantic.

In some few cases a greater population than the Land can support in any (liapc, has been the cause of Emigrations; such was th* Island of Tiree.

Some have* no doubt* been deluded by Accounts sent back from others gone before them; and many deceived by artful persons, who hesitate not to sacrifice these poor ignorant People to feltish ends.

A very principal reason mult also be, that the people when turned out bf their Black Cattle Farms to make way for the Sheep Farmers, fee no mode of employment whereby they can earn a subsistence in their own Cotintry, and sooner than leek it in the Low Lands of Scotland, or in England, they will believe what is told them mav bt done in the Farming Line in America.

What I have here mentioned appear to me to be the immediate causes of the present Emigrations from the North-western parts of Scotland. To point out the means of preventing Emigrations id future, is a part of my duty upon which I enter with no small degree of hesitation. As the evil at present seems to arise chiefly from (he conduct of Land-owners, in changing the Geconoinv of their Estates, it may be questioned whether Government can with jutiice interfere, or whether any essential benefits are likely to arise from this Interference.

In one point of view it may be dated, that, taking the mountainous parts of Scotland as a Dillrid of the British Empire, it is the Interest of the Empire that this District be made to produce as much human Food as it is capable of doing at the least possible expence; that tills may be done by docking it chiefly with Sheep; that it is the Interest of the Empire the Food so produced should not be eon-fumed by persons residing among ft the Mountains totally unemployed, but rather in some other parts of the Country where their labour can be made productive either in the business of Agriculture, Fisheries, or Manufactures; and that by differing every person to pursue what appears to them to be their own Interest, that although lbme tempo-rary Inconveniences may arise, yet, upon the whole, that matters will in the end adjust themselves into the forms moil suitable for thi Place.

In another point of view it may be dated, that it is a great bard-ftiip, if not a great injustice, that the Inhabitants of an extensive District should all at once be driven from their native Country to make way for Sheep Farming, which is likely to be carried to an imprudent extent; that, in a few years, this excess will be evident; that before it is discovered, the Country will be depopulated, and that race of People which has of late years maintained lb honourable a share in the operations of our Annies and Navies will then be no more; that in a case where such a numerous body of the People are deeply interested, it is the duty of Government to consider it as an extraordinary case, and one of those occasions which justifies them in departing a little from the maxims of general policy; that for this purpose, Regulations should be made to prevent Land-owners from lessening the Population upon their Estates below a given proportion, and that some Regulation of this fort would in the end be in favour of the Land-ow’ners, as it would preserve the Population belt suited to the most improved mode of Highland Fanning, such as is pnuftiled at Breadalbane, and to the establishment of 1'idling Villuges, on the Principle laid down and practised so liiccefsfully by Mr Hugh Stevenson of Oban, at Arnililalc on Loch Mourn.

In whatever light the foregoing Statements may be viewed, there it another on which there cun, I think, be no difference of opinion. This is, that if there any Public Works to be executed, which, when completed, will prove generally beneficial to the Country, it i6 advilable these Works should be undertaken at the present time. This would furnish employment for the industrious and valuable part of the People in their own Country; they would by this means be accustomed to Labour, they would acquire fojiie Capital, and the foundations would belaid for future Employments. If, as I have been credibly informed, the Inhabitants are llrongly attached to their native Country, they would greedily embrace this* opportunity of being enabled to remain in it, with the prospect of bettering their condition, because, before the Works were completed, it must be evident to every oue that the whole face of the Country would be changed.

The Caledonian Canal, and" the Bridges and Roads before-mentioned, are of the description here alluded to; they will not only furnish present employment, but^romife to accomplish all the leading Objects which can reasonably be looked forward to for the Improvement and future Welfare of the Country, whether we regard its ’Agriculture, Fisheries, or Manufactures.

CARLISLE to PORT PATRICK.

THE particulars of the Repoyt of the IJiftritt of Country which lies' between Carlisle, the Solway Firth, and Port Patrick, are in a fepunite paper attached la; but the following U an Abstra& of it:

To

3,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

937

."'ns T 'j

: vR

• :n«

'•Id

-i:*4

!V’T

X

i i

vui

■of

:3

.a .-.-.it

it j

■ j

'.or

iiL.u

3

: jf

i a*

,-,:j

t ,j ’j

it*

lit Pi t*-'

:3 ('>

1. To the Expence of a new Bridge over the River Efk at

Gcrilton, to enable the City of Carlisle and the Royal Boroughs in Dumfricsshire, to make a new line of Road between Carlisle and Annan, by which 5 111 22 miles will £ be saved, and two brought into one ft age - - 4,500

2. To half the Expence of a Wet Dock at Kirkcudbright, in order to render this Harbour, which is the belt in the Solway Firth, and the greatefr rife of Tide in Scotland, fit to admit Ships of War, and in order to facilitate the intercourse with Ireland from this Firth. The other

half of this Expence to be raised by the Town - - 2,500

3. To the Expence of a Lighthouse to be erected on the

little Ross for the benefit of this Port, to he lighted and maintained by the Town of Kirkcudbright - - 100

4. To the Expence ot a Bridge over the Dee at tins place,

provided that the Surveyor of the General Poll Office shall think this the belt line for a Mail Coach, the Roads to be made at the Expence of the 'iown and County - -- - 2,500

5. To a Buttress to the North Pier at Port Patrick, aliuall additional Pier upon the Mill tone Rock, making a further excavation of the Bason, in case it should he deemed proper to improve this Harbour, and keep it in repair 12,700

6. To part 01 the Expence of making a Harbour at Port Neilock, in order to obtain a more 1 egularConununication with Ireland than at Port Patrick, to afford a proper liation for Revenue Cutters, and a place of refuge to Vessels driven back from the Muil of Galloway, the remainder of the Expence, £. 2,000, being to be paid by the Proprietor ----- 3,000

7. To the Expence of building a Lighthouse on the Mull

of Galloway, it being to be lighted and maintained by the Commerce of the District ----- 1

8. To a W ooden Pier or Wharf 160 yards long, and 15

feet wide at the Cuvin, in Loch Ryan, for embarking and disembarking Troops, and for promoting the Commerce of this part of the Country - - - i?5°°

Brought forward - - £. 254,450 4th Year. Roads and Bridges ----- .£.12,000

Aberdeen - 5,500

Caledonian Canal ----- 5o,oooo

— 6

5th Year. Roads and Bridges Aberdeen - -

Caledonian Canal -

6th Year. Roads and Bridges Caledonian Canal -

/>D

OO

• - 12,000

- " 5*5 00 50,000

----- 67,500

- - 12,000

- - 50,000

7th Year. Caledonian Canal -

London, 15th March 1S03.

- 50,000

62.000

50.000

£501,450

"Thomas Telford.

APPENDIX.

2d.

3d-

Total - - £ 16,900

London, 15th March 1803.

Thomas Telford\

General Statement of FUNDS necessary for the several Works mentioned in the foregoing Report.

Roads and

Rridges.

Naval

Stations.

Caledonian

Canal.

Fisheries.

Carlifie to Port Patrick.

£ For 1 ft Three Years

I Public Aid, annually £. 20,000 - 60,00°

1 D° Land owners, &c. \ For 2d Three Years 20,000 - 60,000 j ,192,000 r

I Public Aid, annually 12,000 - 36,000

1 D° Land-owners - - 12,000 - 36,000 J

/-Aberdeen Five Years 7 5,5oo - 27*5oo7

1 Public Aid, annually j 55,000

J Aberdeen, City Funds 5,5oo - 27,500 5

C Cromarty, Two Years 2,500 . - . 5,000

C Seven Years Public 7

[ Aid, annually - - j 50,000 .. 350,000

f Wick. Three Yrears 7

[ Public Aid, annually ) 2,000 . - 0,000

f Three Years Public 7 _

[ Aid, annually - -3 5*°o° 16,950

£. 624,950

5 th.

London, 15th March 1803.

iThomas Telford.

STATE M E N T of the Annual and Total Sums to be advanced, beyond the Proportion to be contributed by the Land-owners, j ft Year. Roads and Bridges ...... £.20,000

Aberdeen -

Cromarty -

Caledonian Canal - - - -Wick - - -Carlisle to Port Patrick - -

.5,500

2,500

50,000

2,000

5*650

2d Year. Roads and Bridges ----- 20,000

1 - - - 5»5oo

- - - - 2,500

- - - - 50,000

- - - - 2,000

- - - - 5,650

£ 85*650

Aberdeen ——

Cromarty - * -

Caledonian Canal - -

Wick ......

Carlisle to Port Patrick

3d Year. Roads and Bridges -

Aberdeen - - ‘ -

Caledonian Canal -

Wick ......

Carlisle to Port Patrick -

20.000

5*500

50.000 2,000

5*650

85*650

83*150

Carried forward * - £ 254,450

REPORT from the HIGHLAND SOCIETY of Scotland. QUERIES referred to in the annexed Report, lit. Does it consist with your knowledge, that the progress of Improvement in the Northern parts of Scotland is much retarded by the want of Roads and Bridges; iffo, what Lines would tend moll effectually to open the Country, and promote the Public Good? Does the Valley, which pafles through the North of Scotland from the Murray Firth on the East to Loch Eil, and the Linnhe Loch on the Weft, appear to you to be well calculated for an Inland Navigation, if formed of a size sufficient to admit of large trading Vessels and Frigates? (I have for the fake of distinction, named this Navigation "The Caledonian Canal") Would this Navigation, by opening a ready and safe communication from one lide of the Iflund to the other, prove the means of promoting the extension of the Fisheries, and of throwing the indullry and intelligence of the Fi/hers who relide on the EallCoalt, upon the extensive Falling Grounds along the Weft Coali

4th. "Would the undertaking these Public Works at the present time, by affording employment to the People, giving them habits of induffly, and furni thing them with capital, tend to check the spiritof Emigration which now prevails, and connected with the powers which would be furnished by using the water which flows down each extremity of the Valley, from the extensive Lochs, prove the means of laying the certain foundation of future employment?

If the executing these Roads and Bridges would prove the means of employing the People, improving the Agricultural State of the Country, and of extending the Fisheries, the Nation would evidently derive an increase of Revenue and Power; and the Land-owners, through whose Estates the lines of Road patted, and indeed the whole of the adjoining Dillrids of Country, would enjoy improved Cultivation and Pasturage, increased Incomes, and all the blelfings which are derived from a facility of intercourse: Is it not therefore the interest of the Land-owners to unite with Government in executing these plans, and should not the Memorials and Pi«;pofltions to this purpost originate with the Land-owners, and be tranlinitted by them to the Lords of the Treasury, who will, by comparing the Memorials with the information contained in the Surveys made by their directions, judge how far the Public Aid can be with propriety extended

6th. If the opening the Caledonian Canal, upon the scale I have proposed, would prove the means of facilitating the intcrcourfC from the Weft of England and Scotland and the whole of Ireland, with the Northern parts of Europe, and likewise from thfc Ealtlide of Great Biitairi to AnvTica and the Weftlndies:

Is it not just and realonabV, mat the Commercial Intcreifs ihoul.d be united with the ef.orts of Government in carrying tbd fame into effect?

In mylaft I neglected to state, that, in order to enable the High*^ land Proprietors to contribute without inconvenience to them-selves, a moiety of the expence of making the Roads and Bridges necessary for the improvement of that part of the Country, that they might be empowered by an Act of Parliament to fell Land to that amount. This is reasonable, because the price would ‘be applied to improve the remainder of the entailed Estates, which would by this means be much improved in value, though somewhat diminished in extent.

Append

(No. 42

Apri!

continued

s'

7th

Additional

Query.

REPORT of a Sub-Committee of the Directors of the Highland Society of Scotland, on confederation of a Letter from Mr. Telford, Engineer, to Henry Mackenzie,

Esq. one of the Directors of the Society; made to, and approved of by, the General Committee of Directors of the said Society,

10th December 1802: The Right honourable Lord Macdonald, one of the VicePresidents in Office, in the Chair.

THE Committee have fully considered Mr. Telford!* Questions, addressed to Mr. Mackenzie, one of the Society's Directors, '

VjiOGvl

£>38

Appendix

A. 1803

'^Appendix,

I(No. 4X.)

' U;5* Ap

continued.

Rum, Cana, Muck, Barra, numerous Lochs and Fishfim

In answer to the first, they are persuaded that even the Lines of Communication by means of Military Roads in some parts of the Highlands, have been productive of benefit to the Country, though the motives which gave rife to their formation, having no relation to objects of Commerce and Industry, the advantages derived from them are very' imperfect. The Committee accordingly have no hesitation in declaring it to be their fixed opinion, that the want of farther Roads and Communications in the Highlands, has hitherto proved the greatest obstacle to the introduction of useful industry there, and that every attempt for that purpose must fail until regular and eafv Communication is afforded from one part of the Country to another, and more especially from the remote points where there is the best field for useful exertion to the present feats of Capital and Industry. With regard to what Lines would tend most effectually to open the Country, and promote the Public Good, the Committee humbly report their opinion as follows:

The Highlands, as to this question, may he divided into Three Districts :—The First, comprehending the Weft Coasts of Argyle and Inverncfsshire, as connected with each other;—the Second, including the County of Ross, and a part of the County of Inveraefs;—and the Third, or Northern District, compriiing the Shires of Sutherland and Caithness.

In the first of these Districts, the utmost benefit would arise from drawing a direct line of communication from* the Weft fide of the Firth of Clyde nearly opposite to Greenock, to the Bay of Strachur upon Loch Fyne, from whence there is already an excellent and well-conducted Road to Fort William. From this point the Road may be easily continued by Loch LII fide to Loch-na-Gaul, through Arifaig into Morer. Such a communication would tend very greatly to the fucceis of the Fisheries in the lilands of Ei and South Uift, all of which polfefs

Banks in and around them. The greatest advantages would arise from approximating these various Fiilieries andextenlive Coasts to the Firth of Clyde, where the Fishing Capital is at present almost exclusively resident. It is evident, that nothing can more discourage the employment of that Capital in those parts, than that difficulty of approach, amountingalrnoft to inacceftibility, which renders the communication of intelligence always flow, and even often precarious.

In the Northern District the Lines of Communication would, from the nature of the thing, be drawn to a different point. A central point at the South of that District is found at o/ near Inverihin, to which place the Firth of Dornoch is navigable, and where a Bridge can easily be thrown over, and from whence a direct and short communication could be made to Dingwall and Inverness. From this ppint several advantageous Lines of Road might be made, one stretching by the Banks of Loch Shin through part of Afiint to Kylofcow, another by the Kirk of Lairg to the head of Loch Loxford, and a third from the Kirk of Lairg by the Weft of Lochnaver to Tongue. Another Road again would conned together the Western-and Eastern extremities of this the Northern Coast of Scotland, proceeding from Loch Eriboll (at which place there is one of the finest Harbours in the Kingdom) by Tongue, Farr, and Thurso, to Honna on the East. From this point, where there is a Ferry to Orkney, the Road would return to Wick, and from thence along the East Coasts of Sutherland and Caithness, crofting the River Fleet by a Bridge, to avoid the little Ferry, till it terminated at Inverfliin. Such Lines as the above would open the whole of these Countries to all the trading Capital of inverness and the East Coast of Scotland, as well as by the way of Fort William to that of the Clyde; and it is well known, that all the way from the vicinity of Kylefcow round to Wick, the I ishing Grounds are abundant and excellent.

As to the Middle Division, the Committee would humbly*suggest the utility of certain lines of interfedion from East to West. One of these ought to be from the great Militajy Road between Fort William and Inverness in a Western direction, such as may best afford an easy intercourse between both these places and the Islands of Skye, Harries, and North Uift, as well as Loch Ilnura, Loch Duich, and the other valuable Fishing Lochs in that vicinity. A second will lead from Contin (which has already a good Road to Dingwall) by the South fide of Loch Garve, and the head of Loch Lie kart to Achnafhine, and from thence in one branch to Loch Carron, and in another to Pollew. I rom one or other of these branches, a Road of important benefit might be drawn to Loch Toni don; a third Road will extend trom the Port of Ullapool in Loch Broom, to Inverihin, at the head of the Firth of Dornock.

When the Lines of Road now mentioned are completed, the course of Poll will become rapid and regular., From the neighbourhood of Skye to Greenock, the Mail would be conveyed in three days, while from lnverfhin to Edinburgh by Aberdeen, or to Greenock by Inverness and Fort William, it w ould be conveyed at farthest in four, and thus the most remote points of the Highlands would be brought within five days course of Poll, at the utmost, of Edinburgh and the Firth of Clyde. It may fufiice for contrafting such a situation of the Highlands with that in which they are now placed, in relped to communication of intelligence, to relate what happened this very year.

When, after the return of the Clyde Vessels from a vain search for Herrings in the Northern Lochs, some considerable ftioals having appeared, intelligence was dispatched to Greenock; but, owing to the indirect coui le of the Poll, and the difficulties of some parts of the circuitous journey, several weeks elapled before any advantage could be taken of the information

The Lines that have been suggested, or nearly such Lines, are in the opinion of the Committee, the radical Lines of Road, as they may be termed, from which in process of time various ramifications will be formed, when the benefits of these begin to be perceptibly difiuied.

From consideration of the connection of the fifth Question with what precedes, the Committee in so far depart from Mr. Telfords arrangement, as to put next in order the Answer to it. They are fully persuaded of the reality of those views, both of public and individual benefit, which the fiatement of the question includes; and they think it highly reasonable, that the Land-owners should, according to their respective abilities, unite with Government in executing these plans, by contributing a certain proportional part of the expence, varying with the different circumstances of their several situations. But the Committee humbly report their opinion, that it would be advisable for the Lords of the Tre ifury, alter weighing such suggestions as have been made, and consulting their Surveyor, to feled the lines of Road which more immediately, and in a National view, invite the Public Aid; and then, aftey the lelection is made known, it will be the duty as well as the filtered of Land-owners, to come forward with their proposals, fiating, with regard to each separately, those local considerations which seem to fix the proportion of Public Aid that may fairly be solicited.

in answer to Query second, the Committee have no doubt that the Caledonian Canal, formed on the Icaie luggeftetl (sufficient for the paf-sage of large trading Ships and Frigates) will be attended with the greatest national advantage* I*1 respect to these objects, indeed, the benefit nnift lie so incalculably great, that this truly ulel'ul undertaking assuredly merits the attention and exertions of Government. The Committee have equally little doubt in concurring with the opinion inferred in the third Question, that by opening a free communication from the Eastern to the Western Sea, it would be highly beneficial to the Fisheries, particularly determined by transferring the skill in the Cod and Ling Fishery, possessed by the People on the Eastern Coast, by *whom it is certainly better understood than by the Natives of the Western, from the former to the latter of these Shores, where the field for its action is inexhaustible.

With regard to Query fourth, the Committee are well convinced, that the undertaking these Public Works mult produce the united good consequences of checking the spirit of Emigration, by affording useful employment to a great number of People, of improving the habits of the Country by teaching lessons of systematic industry, and of atlbrding at once the excitement to undertake, and the intelligence as well as (to a certain moderate extent) the means required for instituting those Ffshing and manufacturing Establfihinents, on which the future prosperity of the Highland:; must be founded.

On the lixtli Question the Committee have to observe, that they are fully aware of the Commercial as well as other National advantages derivable from the Caledonian Canal; but with regard to the Question, to what extent Commercial Men would be ready to contribute individually towards carrying the fame into effect, the Highland Society can have no means of forming an opinion, other than by reference to that general spirit of liberal enterprize which distinguishes the Commercial body.

Adverting to a supplementary suggestion from Mr. Telford, the Committee apprehend that it would be highly expedient to introduce a c.laufc into any Act of Parliament on the subject, authorizing and empowering Proprietors of entailed Estates, either to tell Lands for defraying the expence of contributing, along with Government, to the making of Roads and Bridges in the Highlands, or in their option to make the fame a Debt, affecting the subsequent Heirs of entail.

It has been Hated to the Committee, that Tutors and Curators of minor Proprietors, and Trustees holding post el lion of Estates concerned in these improvements, might feel some hesitation in venturing on the necessary outlays, as entertaining a doubt of such acts of Administratiou falling within their powers. The Committee are humbly ot opinion, that it would be proper to add to the clause already luggefted, an Enadment, that Tutors and Curators of a minor Ileir ot entail, or Trustees in possession of an Estate already entailed, or which is directed to be entailed, should have the lame power of felling Lands or charging the Estate, that is by the Ad conferred upon Heirs of entail themselves.

As also, that Tutors and Curators of Minors possessed of unentailed Estates, and Trustees holding possession of such, should be entitled by their Acts in the premises to bind the Minor or Trustee, and all Sue* cessors to the Estate.

A true Copy from the Record.

Highland Society Hall, (Signed) Lewis Gordon,

Edinburgh, ioth December 1802, pep. Sec.

The ordinary course of the Post is one week from Loxford to Tongue, and another from Tongue to Tain, being on the Line by Invcrneis

to Edinburgh.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

939

Highland Society Hall, Edinburgh, 53d December 1802.

MINUTE of the Committee of the Directors of the Highland Society of Scotland, which formerly drew up Answers, in the fliapc of a Report, to the Queries of Mr. Telfdrd, Engineer, respecting the opening of Communications by Roads and Bridges in the Highlands, and by a Canal from Invemefs to Fort William, upon considering a Letter from Telford, of date 14th December 1802, to llenry Mackenzie, Esquire, one of the Society’s Directors, owning receipt of laid Report, which he states to be able, full, and satisfactory, and that the " only in- stance in which it is rather less explicit than lie could wish, u is with respect to the Road in the Middle Division, which 4< should conned the Inverness and Fort William Road with u Skye, &c. &c." as to which Mr. Telford willies the Committee could say something more specific, and recommends their taking any information which can be furniihcd by Mr. Donald-t son, Surveyor of Military Roads, upon that point—The Right honourable Lord Macdonald, one of the Vice Presidents in office, in the Chair.

THE Committee, in their former Report, have pointed out the greaft objects to which Roads through the District inqueltion should in

their opinion apply; but there being a difference of opinion as to the precile Lines of Road by which those objects would belt be attained, the Committee do* not feel tbcmselves at liberty to specify those precise Lines. They would take the liberty of fuggetting the expediency of Government employing some able Surveyor or Engineer of relpedable character and abilities to report on the subject; and if, -relative to the present point of enquiry, they are to say any thing more particular, they may mention that the objects of this Line of Interfedion seem chiefly twofold; viz. to afford a Communication to the Head of Loch Houm, a very valuable Fishing Loch, and also to Berncra, the nearest point to Skye; both which they apprehend may be attained by two ramifications of a Road from the Military Road leading from Fort William to Inverness.

The Committee, adverting to Mr. Telford’s suggestion of an examination of Mr. Donaldson, called him before them; but found that he had never travelled any part of the Country from Fort Augustus, Weft ward, to Bemera or the Lochs, and that his information was solely, as to that part of the Country, derived from others.

A true Copy from the Record.

(Signed) Lewis Gordon, Dep. Sec.

Appendia (No. 42.’ 5* Aprilis

continued.

TWENTY-EIGHTH REPORT of the Commissioners of Account of IRELAND.

SINCE the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and two, the date of the lad Report delivered to the Chief Governor, and to each House of the Imperial Parliament, the Commissioners have examined, and passed, the following Accounts:

Ayr ACCOUNT of all MON IKS Collected, Received, and Disbursed, by the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleanfinf> and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of.January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public ——

Received on Account of Paving ——

Cleansing ——

Lighting

Received from His Majesty’s Treasury -

From sundry Inhabitants towards the Expence of Watering different Streets From the Bank, for the Beam's Draft, at five months, on Henry Gore Sankey, Esq. -More - - - the like ——

Fines on Nuisances ——

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Expences of Paving, Arc.

- - Clean ling -

- - Lighting -

- - Corporation* house -

- - Fountains

- - Sewers -

- - Establishment -

- - Gratuities

- - Incidents -

- - Intereli on Debentures

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -

£. 4. d.

2,234 14 3f

- 11,908 12

2,245 5

- 8,0-24 9

7,845 7 3

- 69 14 —f

- 1,000

1,000 — —

31 5 7l

£• 34.356 8 7

£. s. d.

6,488 13 2*

• 5,654 18 IO

- 8,351 2 9

641 10 7

279 27 6|

174 11 3

3,601 2 3

7^ 4 4f

3,211 3 9

2,995

- 32,118 4 6£

- 2,238 4 -4

£■ 34,356 8 7

Append ixj (No. 43.)' 6

THE Commissioners of Imprest Accounts have heretofore investi-gated the several Accounts of the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, principally as to the Regularity of the Statements, the Expences being warranted by Law, and supported by Efficient Vouchers; in which points they have been generally thought correal.

But the Revenues and Debts of the Corporation appearing con-fidorably to in create, and doubtshaving arisen wdiether the Works are sufficiently well executed to justify so great an Expenditure of Public Money, the Conniiiffioiiers of Imprelt Accounts think themselves called upon by Law to examine minutely, not only into the Account before them, but also into the expediency of those Laws under which so large an Expenditure is warranted; and whether this greaURevenue appears to be expended to the bell advantage for the Public Service. -

In the Charge part of this Account, the whole sums of money ruifed upon the Public for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting t^e Streets «vf Dublin, do not appear. The per-Centage allowed te the Collectors r.»

of Taxes upon above £. 20,000 per annum, being from 5 d. to 1 s. 5 d. in the Pound, is not mentioned; nor is there sufficient notice taken of Fines levied, or of Sums paid by private Individuals and Public Bodies for Paving, and for lighting private Lamps, the amount of which, though great, the Commissioners have not been able to ascertain.

In the Discharge part aHb similar inaccuracies occur. The above sums paid for collecting the ’Faxes, the application of Fines, or of sums paid by private Individuals, in part payment of the Salaries of Officers, do noLappear; nor is the whole amount of the Corporation Establishment, as we understand it, or the Salaries and Perquisites of its Officers, plainly fiated to the Public; so that* upon the whole, a very imperfect idea can be formed from this Account of the actual sums raised ^expended on this service: and though the Expenditure on the face of this Account (exclusive of the above not-mentioned sums) appears to be £. 32,118. 4. 6$. yet the real Expenditure of this period, viz. from the ill of Janeaiy j8oi to the 5th of January

5 G6*S

gk

940

Appendix.

A. 1803.

y.Appendir, i j; (No.

V, 6° Apr His,

| * continued.

i?o*2, is considerably greater; for many Persons, Artificers and others, appear not to have received, during tint period, near the amount of their years Contract, or other Pills, so that ;t floadog Debt uf £• 14.522. 3. 5|. having gradually accumulated, is now due.

Uv the pj'eicnt Laws, the whole dominion over, and management of the Revenues, js vested in the Iloards of Directors and Commissioners, but principally in the Directors, who have and cxeccile ex-clufi\ely the power of creating and nominating to Offices, and of regulating the amount of Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances; and, upon a wile arrangement of those. Of;ices, a proper choice of Persons to fill them, and a most careful attention that they perform their duty, depends the efficiency of this EliabJiihnient. Formerly, if the Corporation enacted any live-laws, it was nerellary that they should be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, or Chief Judges; but this necclfity has been done away by a late Act of Parliament; so that the whole rel'possibility of the Institution imiis to remain with the Board ot Directors alone. To this uneontrouied power, the Commissioners of Accounts attribute the expence of this extensive Kfiabiifiiment, by which is meant the Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances of all Officers, and the expence of the Corporation i Joule,-which has, in our opinion, exceeded the sums allowed by Law, amounting in the whole, as near as can be ascertained from the present Account, to about £.7,000, exclusive of all Contractors, Artificers, Labourers, Workmen, and Work-horles whalloever. The lull number of Odicers and Persons employed, or the total Expence attending thenf, do not however appear on this Account.

The Commissioners of Accounts have examined the Books of the Corporation, the Contends for Paving, Lighting, and Cleaning; and have also examined upon Oath a Director, a Commissioner, the Accountant, the Collectors, and many of the Insepctors, Supervises, and other inferior Officers of the Board, as well as many of the different Conlrudors; from the whole of which they have collected the following information: —

The Paving and Scavenging Contracts are all drawn in the fame terms respect. ely; but we could trace no infiance of their ever having been fully complied with. The Contractors themselves admit they never comply with them entirely; for instance, in every Paving Contract the Contractor obliges himi'elf to pave with Stones of from 3 to 6 inches diameter in a bed of new Gravel of 4 inches depth, and to cart away all the old bed. This they do not perform, though it is certain the Pavement would be much belter if they did.

In the Scavenging Contracts, though die Contractors are bound to cleanse all the Streets twice in every week, the) do not do so; and in the Lighting of the City, though this Contract appears better executed than either of the former, yet even in this the terms of the Contrail,

' viz. " That the Lamps should be kept lighted from Sunset to Sunrife," are not complied with.

The Inspectors and Supervisors acknowledge themselves totally ignorant of the Conditions of the several Contracts; they never had read them, and never report to the Board that the Works are done according to Contrail, but frequently that the Works, are, in general, in tolerable good order; though the Contrails uniformly specify, " That " they should be in good and sufficient order;" and upon this species of Report, untupported by affidavit, the full Amount of the Contrail is -paid.

T hough in every Contrail many heavy Penalties may be inflilled by the Board, or its Officers, for default, yet in the period of this Account, during which the Officers admit the Streets to have been in worse order than even they are at present, the Sum of 25 Shillings was all

that was levied upon the whole of the Contrallors fol* default Of Scavenging; about £. 8. on the w’hole of the Contractors for Paving, and the Sum of f. 77. o. 10. I on the folc Cornialfor for Lighting the whole City. Esther the Contrails are originally made too lev ere, and then, in fume mealiue, seem to authorize neglect; if not too severe, the Officers of the Board are culpable in not leeirg them executed; cr (as it has appeared) the Penalties are not infiilfi-d on the Contractors, though the Works may not be sufficiently well executed, because the Corporation is conllderably indebted to thele Contractors.

Under the Dead of Officers, some Persons appear to have been appointed without sufficient attention to their being adequate to the duty of different, and, in our opinion, incompatible Departments; for in-Ilance, Mi*. Daniel Farrell is Chief Inspellor of Globes throughout the City, winch requires that he should be out on this Inspeliion almost every Night, to lee that the Con traitors for Lighting, as well as the Officers of the Board, perform their respective Duties; he is also foie Collector of Taxes for the North fide of the City, being above one third part of the whole, wdiicli he declared occupied him almost everyday in the year; it appears nearly impossible therefore, that he should he able to execute the duty of both thele Offices eft'eltually. T he Collectors, Valuators, and Rental Books do not seem sufficiently controuled, being merely checked by the Collectors own Returns, and Books of the preceding Years; nor are the Collectors often changed in their Walks, whereby they might become Checks on each other, Mr. Farrell having been continued nine years in his present Walk: arid from a companion with the mode of Collection adopted by other Corporations receiving House Tax, it appears that a much more accurate Collection has been made by them, than by the Collectors of the Paving and Lighting Baxes, inaimuch as Hordes, which have been returned in Arrear or insolvent by the Collectors of the Paving Board, have been found to have discharged the Amount of thpir Taxes to the other Collectors; so that we are of opinion, a large proportion of the Paving and Lighting Tax remains either improperly uncollelted, or is fraudulently retained in the hands of the Collectors.

T he Corporation is so much in Debt, (now owing a Floating, or Unfunded Debt of £. 14,521. 3. 5 b) lliat tlley anticipate the greatest part of their Revenues, and frequently pay their Creditors by Bills drawn on their Treasurer, at 4, 5, and 6 months date; by which the Public mult loie atlealt the whole of the Discount on these- Bills, be-lides their allowance to their Treasurer for accepting and negotiating them, and exclusive of the high price Conti actors may probably be induced to con trull at, from a knowledge of the mode of Payment being so dilatory; and under these diladvantages the Public mult continue to labour, until this Debt flia.il have been paid, and the Revenues no longer anticipated.

From all the above-mentioned circumstances we are of opinion, ill. TJiat the Expences of the Establishmenl require some legal limitation.

2dly. That all Contrails should be better formed, or more accurately attended to.

3dly. That the appointment of Officers, and of efficient Checks over them, should be better arranged; and,

4thly. That the Revenues of the Corporation should be more effectually administered.

R. <T. Herbert. (l. s.)

Maurice Cane. (l. s.)

1 Redmond Barry. (l. s.)

_ Hulton King* (l.s.)

Account Office, March 29th 1803.

FUNDED DEBT of the Corporation for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin.

To sundry Debentures issued 24th June 1790, £ 5>000* at 3 J per-Cent. -

To - Ditto - - - - 12th April 1792, £. 53>000- at 4 per-Cent ......

To - Ditto - - - - 25th April 1797, £. 10,000. at 6 per-Cent. and 1 per-Cent. to the year 1806

£. 68,000.

To Balance remaining due of Robert BlackaH's Debt (late Collector of Fifth Division) per Account ending the 25th day of December 1800 ——

To Ditto remaining due of Daniel Shanley's Debt (late Collector of Fifth Division) per Account as above

£ d.

To Ditto of Daniel Parker's Debt (late Collector of Third Division) per Account as above - 50--

£. s. d.

By Cash paid the Treasurer on Account, the 16th of May 1801 - - 25 —

By Ditto paid Ditto the 3d of November 1801 - - - 25 —

In full of Daniel Parker's Debt, as above

50-----

The whole Debt now due by former Collectors then is

£■ '• *■ 175-----

a,120-----

700-----

2,995 -

96 10 7 264 15 1

361 5 8

At

13.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

941

■ i'-eij.

M tie

: JZi‘

C'.ltv

i. I;, a

'i r

L j: 'it

; irii

a)

Ireland—Twenty-eighth Report of the Commissioners of Account—continued.

An ACCOUNT of all M O N IE S Collected, Received, and Disbursed, by the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Iaft Account in favour of the Public * -

PAVING:

Arrears outstanding on the 25th March 1801 -

One Year's Tax, due 25th March 1801, and colledable to 25th March 1802 -

- £• 2,737 * 9l

- 12,371 3 ioi

15,108 5 8

4,100 15 —

Uncolleded the 5th January 1802 -

Net Receipt of Arrears and Tax Received

From the City Treasurer One Years Composition for Paving, due 29th September 1801 -

From Ditto, for Paving over sundry Main Pipes -

From the Treasurer oi the County of Dublin Grand Jury, for repairing Mount Crown

Road - -- -- - - - £.41 17 2

Ditto, for repairing Leefon-street Road - - - 710 —

Ditto D° - Harcourt-street 1)° - -- 14 7 7

Ditto D° Churlotle-lireet D° - - - 313 6

The Inhabitants of Dorset-street, for Curbing

Ditto of Garth uer’s-street, for building a Sewer

Ditto of Tempie-street, for Flagging -

Ditto of Mnuntjoy-square (VVtltj for paving a Stable Lane

Ditto of liarcourt-street, for Paving -

16 13 8

16 3 5

9 10 2

12 19 10 9 19 6

From Philip Orinfby, for old Paving Stones fold him -

Total Received on Account of Paving

CLEANSING:

Received

From the City Treasurer One Year's Composition for Cleansing, due 29th September 1801 From sundry IVrlons, for Scavenging Soil fold them -

LIGHTING:

Arrears outstanding on the 25th March 1801 -

One Year's Tax, due 25th March 1801, and collectable to 25th March 1802 -

£• L673 6

- 9,036 10 9

10,710 7 3

2,705 18 1 i

Uncolleded the 5th January 1802 -

Net Receipt of Arrears and Tax ——

Received

From the City Treasurer One Year's Composition for Lighting, due 29th September 1801

Total received on Account of Lighting

Reccn ed

Fn-tn the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury within the Period of this Account, as per

A’idTor General s Certnicate ——

Deduct Repayment into 11 is Majesty’s Treasury, as per Acquittance -

Nett -

Received

1-rom fundrv Inhabitants towards Expence of Watering different Streets -

From the hank for the Board's Draft at Five Months, on Henry Gore Sankey, Esquire -

More - - the like - - Ditto ——

Fr«>m Thr s Lvncfs, Fines on Nuisances -From i no1 Mc Caskey - the like - D° -

£. s. d.

Total CHARGE

THE DISCHARGE:

PAVING, &c.

Paid

Henry Peters, for sundry Paving Work ——

B-ylfi Field cV Son, the like

Mm hew Perry, - - the like ——

James Co‘grave, - the like ——

J < > i ‘ 1: Connor - - the like ——

Philip Orrn(by, - - the like - ...... -

Tierney & Morgan, the like ——

Neill & Fitzpatrick, the like - - - - ......

Neill 6c Cummins, - the like ——

Connor Fitzpatrick, the like ——

John Cummins, - the like ——

Adam Neill, - - the like ......

In. Galjan, sundry Shingling Work ——

Lancelot Ryan, - the like ——

Dan1 Murphy, - - the like ——

Tho* Sherrard, Paving in sundry Streets -

Owen McDermott, Shingling North Lots ——

Jas Moore, One Year's Con trad for D° Conyngham Road ......

In° Madden, - - - - D° Bagget-lireet ......

David Johnlton, for Mason and Bricklayer's Work at Quay Walls, Streets, &c.

Douglas I lowed, measuring Pavement in sundry Streets ...... ---

Tuny Mc Evoy, for Label Boards - - - -£*271711

More, -.......sundry Paling Work - - ~ 27 10 o

Vo L. 58.

Carried forward -

11 H

11,007 10 8

300-----

4^2 13 3j

67 8 3

65 6 7

5 13 9

2,000 —

245 5 H

8,004 9 1}

20-----

9.70O ----- I

1,854 12 IO

1,000 -

1,000 -

•3 7 1'i

17 17 8

£■ s. d.

1,678 9

964 17 3

431 1 4

402 8 3

308 4 4

548 9 n

212 16 loi

13 16 4

52 H —

173 H 10

225 10 5

35 — 6

92 19 4*

29619 6

121 15 8

97 17 4

8 15 —

12 10 —

8 1 5

117 2 3

124 12 8

55 7 11

505 9 ii

£. s.

2,231 14 31

11,908 12

2,245 5 H

8,024 9 ij 7,845 7 3

69 14

2,000 -

Si 5 7i

- £■ 34,35t> 8 7

£. *. d.

Appendi:

(No. 4-,.

6°- Jlp continued.

942

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix*

(No. 43-)

6° Aprilis, | continued.

Ireland:--Twenty-eighth Report.-----Monies Received and Disbursed for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin—continued.

THE DISCHARG E—continued.

Paving, &c.—continued. Brought forward

Paid

Ja* Fagan, for Oak Polls for Corners of Streets ——

Nath1 U'arrfcp, for Painting Label Boards ......

In. Dickson, for Labourers at sundry Work, to 16th March 1801 - -

Tho* Fvans, One Year’s Allowance towards Repair of Dunleer Turnpike Road, from end of the

Pavement to Circular Road ...... *

In° Miller, for Flagging sundry Streets, and Ormond market - -

Ja* Plunkett, 1)° - - ~ D8 - - - ...... -

Edwd Ox, for Overseeing Paviors in Fifth Division - - £. 28 5 6

\\« Davison, I)4 Roads on North Side of the City - -4411 —£

G. B. Savile, D° - D* - - - D° - - - ...... - 38 3 9

Thos Murphy, D* - D° - - South Side - * * . " 35 4 2

Geoc Fennell, D° - D° - - - D° ...... 11 8

In° Scanlan, D° - D° - - - D° - - ...... 9 >5 —

Paving -

CLEANSING:

Mary Cooney, One Year’s Contract for Cleansing Lot N* 3, to 20th July 1801

In° Sweeny - D* - D° - Lots N° 5 k 8, lit October -

In° Goold, Half Year’s Contract for I)6, NJ 10, lit April ...... £.60-----

More, on Account, 10th October 1801, D°-D° ...... 20-----

Patk Thompson, One Year’s Contract D° N* More - - - ’FUree Qrs. - DJ - D® - N‘

12, to 20th October 1 22 &c 23, 20th July

£■ 95-----

I.65-----

Josh Andrews, Half Year - - D° - D° -*N° 13, lft April -Geo. King, Balance of One Year’s D° D° N° 14, 25th March -

In° Greene, Half Year’s-----I)6 - I> - N° 15 6c 16, lit September 1800

More - - Three Qrs.-----I)0 - D° - N8 16, lit June 1801 -

Edmd Rorke, Half Year’s - - D® - D° - N° 13, lft April -W® Clarke, Balance of Three Qrs. for Lots 17, 18, 10, <Sc 29, lit June Jn8 Fitzharris, for Cleansing I/>t N° 21, from 29th October 1800 to 6th June 1801

£■ *50 -

112 IO —

Elizh Wallh, Half Year’s Contract for Lots N0’ 27 & 28, id November 1—1 00 0 0 - 4 -

Mich1 Wild, sundry Bills for I in irfe-hire, to 16th !)• 1801 - £.88 1 5 h

Hugh Duffey - D° - the like - - 17 th Sept. - 232 11 7

More - - - < on Acc* of D° - - - 19th Dec. - 20 — —

Sarah Stacpoole, sundry Bills for DJ 3d Sept. - 175 10 6

Philip Ormsby - - D® - the like - 16th Nov. - 76 16 2

Patk Cannan - - - D° - the like - 25th D° - 119 — 1

In° Goold - - - - D° - the like - 18th July - 118 6

T ho* Connor - - - I>° - the like - 17th Sept. - 156 2 2

Elizh Wallh - - - D® - the like - lft D° - - 153 17 9

Dan1 Anson - - D# - the like - 18th July - - - - 200 1 10

Ja* Donnelly - - - D° - the like - D° - 85 3 6i

In° Donnell - his Bill - the like - 11th June - - - - 13 14 7i

Alexr Plunkett, sundry D® - the like - 9th Marc h - 80 >4 2

Patk Farrell - - D° - the like - 25th D° - - 63 2 1

Jn® McEvoy - - - D# - the like - 17th Sept. - - - - - 124 18 2

P^ter Bnme - - D° - the like - i8lh July - >3i 2 8

Ja* Cooney - - D° - the like - D° - - - - 119 1 H

Tho* Rooney - - - D° - the like - D® - 199 H 3

Patrick Toole - - - D° - the like - D° - 96 12 8

Ja’ Fowler -

In° Fowler - sundry Bills Ja* Fagan - - D° -

Tho* Conway - D° -

Patrick Farrell - D® -

F.dmd Rorke Patk Costello In° Nowlan In° Hughes

his Bill - -D° -

> D® -

D° -

for Iiorfe-bire for - D° -

- - the like

- - the like

the like the like the like the like the like

25 th February -18th July 1)° " -30th May 18th July 28th Mar.

10th Jan.

14th 061.

30th July

Iiorfe-hire

70

68

198

loo

36

15

2

9

1

18 12 18 5

2

15

3 5

15

7

7

4

Ricbd Benson, I a Year’s Rent of a Store Yard in South Lots, for laying down Scavenging Soil, to

25th Mar. 1801 - jr, 10-----

Murtagh Doran, £ a Year’s Rent of a Yard in North Lots, to 24 Dec. 1800 - - 5-----

£■ d.

505 9 ij

8 16 2

— 16 1

8 14 it

5» 17 6

*97 10

61 12 3

176 11

112 10

140 — ——

80 — —

260 —

50 — —

73 15 —

Jn® Dickson, Storekeeper, to pay sundry Sweepers of Streets, his several Bills in full, to 31ft Dec.

l8°i - - - - £.818 13 11

More, on Account to pay Sweepers, lft Jan. 1802 - --10__________

Ja* Fagan, sundry Bills for Repairs of Scavenging Carts, to 28th April 1801 More, his Bill for Shovels, Wheelbarrows, and Picks, to 30th Aug. 1800, -Leond Cornwall, Overseer of Scavenging South fide, Allowance for Provender for a Ilorfe, to 29th

Sept. 1801

Patk Donneilan, Overseer North fide, the like Allowance to D° -

Putk McDonnell, for Overseeing Scavenging, to 25th Dec. 1801 -

(’*. B. Saville - - - - the like - D°

Wm Daviflon - - - - the like - - - - D® ......

Thn* Murphy - * - - the like - - - 13th 061. - -

P;ttk Roan - the like - - - 25th Dec. -

In° Innham, for Overseeing the Deliver)' of Scavenging Soil, to 25th Dec. 1801 -

Ja* Elliott - - D° ...... D° ...... D°-

£•40 — - 40 6 —

£•53 1

- 14 7 1

7 11 8

- 7»5 9

3 5 —

- 37 4 9l

• 32 1 io£

Rich*1 Ward, One Year’s Allowance for opening the Passages into Ormond Market, and Sweemne Ormond Bridge, to 25 th Dec. ......

Cleansing -

Carried forward

262 10 —

60 -

355 -

54 9 5 lot 10 —

2,758 10 3

15-----

828 13 11 240 11 11 986

80 1%

d.

6,488 1$

*55 7

16 — —

5,654 1810

£. 12,143

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

943

Ireland: Twenty-eighth Report. — Monies Received and Disbursed for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin—continued,.

DISCPIARG E—continued.

Paid

LIGHTING:

Brought forward

Weflray and Clarke, One Quarter's Contract, for Lighting the Public Lamps and Gloles on South Side the River, to ill Sept. 1800 -

More, One Quarter’s Contaa#, to lit Dec. 1800 -

More, One Quarters Contract, if! March 1801 -

More, on Account of Contract for One Quarter, lit June -More, One Quarters Contract for North Side, lit Sept. 1800 More, the like, D° lit Dec.

More, £ Year's D° lit June 1801 ......

1,159 2 6

L335 16 10 1,346 9 10

2*20-----

991 18 11 1,169 14 — 1,98° 13 5

Edwd Murphy, for Lighting Globes in Sackville-street and Corner of Cavendish-row, One Year, to

lit May 1801 ----- ......

Wm Austin, his Bill for Burners - _ _ . ..

Nichs Tuite, One Year’s Rent for a Warehouse for Oil, to id Sept. 1801 Richd Finney, his Bill for Globe Irons, &c. - -

More - - - D° - - the like ......

More - - - D° - - the like, to 22 June 1801........

jC-45 9

20 l6 IO

23 11 9

Tim* Mc Evoy, D° for Lamp Rofts, &c. 20th Sept. 1800 -

Lighting - -

CORPORATION HOUSE:

Paid

Maurice Carr, Esquire, One Year's Rent for part of the Corporation House, to

25th Dec. 1801 - ...... - -

Executors of Wm Graham, Esquire, One Year’s Rent for part of D°, to said period Leond Cornwall, One Year’s Rent of a Stable to enlarge the Stores, to 29th Sept. 1801 -Collector of Hearth and Window Tax, One Year’s Duty on 47 Hearths and 124 Window Lights, between March 1801 and March 1802 -

Collector of Workhoirfe Tax, One Year to 24th June 1800, and Card Tax to 25th March 1801 ——

D° of Watch Tax, One Year, 29th Sept. -

D° of Grand Jury Cess, One Year to Eatler 7’erm D° ——

D° of Pipe Water Tax, One Year to 25th March 1801 -

Rent and Taxes -

In° Barber, One Yrear's Insurance against Fire, 11th O#. 1802 -

\Vm Davis, for Candles and Soap, 5th July 1801 -

In° Conlin, 6 Tons Coals and Carnage -

Ed\vd Anderson, for 34 Tons Coals and D°, to 30th April ——

Candles, Soap, and Coals -

Richd Finney, sundry Bills for Iron Work, to 29th Sepr 1801 -

Thos Fagan - - D° - Slater’s D - 27th June -

Timy Mc Evoy - D° Carpenter’s D°, 30th Deer 1800 ——

13enjn Halluni, his Bill - - Pai liter’s D° ——

Luke Connor - D° - - Plumber’s D° ——

Nath1 Warren - D® - - Glazier’s D° ——

In° Miller - - D° - - Stone-cutter’s D°, to 29th Septr 1800

In° Crofthwaite, for Attendance on the Clocks, - ill Deer -In° Dickson, Storekeeper, his Bills for l’undry Expenditures, to 26th O#oher 1801

Corporation House

£• * d.

175-----

75-----

1176

47 19 10

5 15

798

7 4

-£■71

8 2

9

43 19 10

FOUNTAINS:

Paid

Aldn Carleton, City Treasurer, One Years Allowance for supplying Water to the Fountains, to 29th September 1801 ——

Nathaniel Calder, sundry Bills for Cleansing at Fountains and Bridges, to 29th April 1801- - - - - . -

Stephen Murphy, Half Year's Contract for Cleansing, ill November 1801 Richard Gaven, sundry Bills for Cleansing, One. Year and One Month, to 27th December 1801 - -

£• d.

*3 2 3i

u 15 —

29 5 —

William Clark, for Repairs of sundry Fountains, to 31ft December 1800

Fountains -

Paid

SEWERS:

Tim? Mc Evoy, his Bill for Sewer Grate Frames, to 6th June 1801 -

Richd Finney D® - for sundry Iron Work at Sewer Grates, to 25th September 1801 Barney Mc Dermott, for building a Sewer - - - -£.118

David Johnlion, - - the like - - - - -1910

Philip Ormsby - - sundry Work at Sewers Adam Neill - - - Paving Work at DJ -

ESTABLISHMENT:

Sewers

Paid

D° - - D° - - D° -

D° - . - D® - - D® -

D° - - D® - - D° -

D° - - D° - - D° -

D® - - D° - - D° -

Jas Ormsby, Ffq. Commissioner, One Year1s Salary to 25th Deer 1S01 Will1® Lightburne, Esq. - D°

Hugh Heny Mitchell, Esq. D°

Rob1 Alexander, Esq. junr Richd Cane, Esq. -

Wra John Alexander, Esq. - D®

Sir Wm Homan, Secretary - - D® - - - D°

More, to defray Expence of Porters, Servants, and Mefiengerth One Year to

Henry Gore Sankey, Esq. Treasurer, One Year's Salary to 25th Deer 1801 Sam1 Greene, Inspe#or of Accounts - - - D® - - - D®

Tho* Glad well, Secretary to the ill Dire#or, D° - - - D* - -

More, as ill Clerk in Secretary's Office - - D® - - - D°

- £-313-----

- 313-----

- 3i3-----

- 313-----

" 313-----

- 3J3-----

D*

200 — 120 —

£.20-----

50-----

Carried forward

C

8,203 15 6

19 10 — 12 10 — 11 7 6

96 1 7 18

331 19 10}

8 10 2

124 — 7

15 7 10

9 12 8

125 8 3

3 2 7

4 6 8

2 11 8

6 2 5

1 — 7

9 7 3;i

150-----

54 2 75 15

3i

20 19 1

106 14 11

30 18 4

3 11 10

12 7 1

1,878-----

320-----

22$-----

50-----

70-----

2,543 -

£' s• d• 12,143 12 —\

Appendi (No. 43 6° A

continued,

8,351 2 9

641 10 7

279 17

174 u

21,590 14 2

14

944

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 43-)

6° Aprills) continued.

Ireland:—Twenty-eighth Report. — Monies Received and Diffiurfed for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin—continued.

Paid

DISCHARG E—continued. Establishment — continued:

Brought forward

Simon Brigley, 2d Clerk in Secretary's Office, One Years Salary to 25th December 1801 J110 White - 3d 1)° - D° - - - D° - - - D° -Lucius Finney, 4th D°, proportion of Salary from 16th May to D°

Tho* Lynels, lnipedor of Nuifonces, One Year's Salary - - D°

Tho* McCalkey - - D® - - - D® ...... D°

Leond Cornw all, Chief Overseer of Scavenging, D° - - - D®

Patk Donnellan, Inspector of - - D® - - D® - - D®

Peter Forrettal, Allis1 D° - -- D® - - - D°

Richd Kenny, Overseer of Works - - - - D° - - - D®

In° Uicklbn, Storekeeper ----- D® - - - D°

Ja* Middleton, id Supervisor ----- D°

In° Purcell - - D° ...... D° -

Lucius Finney -Allan Caffidy Ja* White - -

In° Weft - - - D° - - - - D® ——

Henry Blayney D° - - - - D° ——

Peter Jones, 2d Supervisor - - - D° ——

Fra* Flood - - D® - - - - D° (deducting 125.

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

proportion of Salary to 15th May - D® - from 16th May to 2^th

Richd Crofton - D° -Cha* Betts - - D® -

25th

One Years Salary -

3 Quarter’s Salary to 29th Septr 1801 - £. ‘22 10 —

Mary Betts, Widow of said Charles, proportion of Salary due to him, to

17th Odr 1801 - - ...... 19.7

- - - - 18 5 9

- - - - 60 — -—

- - - - * - 59 11 10

- - - - 50 — —

- - - - 3° — —

- - - - 30 —■ —

- - - - ‘25 — —

- - - - 15 — —

- - - £.38 8 3

- - - 40 — —

- D° - - 15 12 2

:. - D° - - H 7 10

- D° - - 40 — —

- D° - - 40 — —

- D° - - 40 —- —

- D° - - 3° —- —

"led of Duty) to

Deer 1801 - 29 7 6

- D° - - 30 —

Tho1 Dean, 2d Supervisor, One Year’s Salary to 25th Deer 1801 -

Wm Hackett - D® - - - - D® - - - - D® - - deducting £. 1. 5 s. for

neglect of Duty Supervisors ——

In° Gormlv, Inspector of Globes, One Year's Salary, to 25th I)ecr 1801

*3

30

19 7

28 15 —

Wm Maxwell Tho* Murphy - -

Peter Tone - - -Humphry Burne Edwd Kinlley - -\Vm Vance -

1)° - - One Quarter's D° - af.th March IJ° -D° - - proportion of Salary from 14th Odr to 25th

Deer D° ......

D° - - One Year’s D° - - - - D° -

D® - - - D® ...... D° -

D° - - - D° ...... D° -

D® - - Three Quarter's D° - - 29th Sept. -

Representatives of said Wm. proporn of Salary from 30th Sept, to 7th Od.

Ja* Neville, Inspector of Globes - D° - L)° - from 14th Od. to 25th Dec.

In° Wallh, under Inspector, One Year’s Salary - -D°

Globe Inspectors -

In° Dickson and Margaret Gaven, Gatekeepers, One Year’s Salary, to 25th Dec. 1801

Establishment -

GRATUITIES:

Paid

Sir Wm Homan, Secretary, Six Months of his Annual Allowance, to 27th May 1801 More, to reimburse him for lundry Expences lor use of the Board -

Sam1 Greene, Inspector of Accounts, One Year's Allowance to 29th Sept. 1801 -More, ----- for Ins Trouble -

Tho* Gladwell - - if! Clerk - -- -for his Trouble

Simon Brigly - - 2d D® - -- -- -- D®

In° White - - - 3d D° ...... D®

'Fho8 I.yness, Inspector of Nuisances - -- -- D°

- £-39 9

7

39

39

39

3o

7

25

10

*5

18

10

10

10

2

17

18

10

3,543

4°

40

8.

«L590 14

s. d.

jC*5°-----

20-----

60-----

15-----

Tho* McCa(key - - the like ——

In° Dickson - - - Storekeeper ——

Leond Cornwall, Chief Overseer of Scavenging Patk Donnellan, Inspector of - - D® -Peter Forrestall, Militant Overseer of D®

Ja* Middleton, id Supervisor -In° Purcell - - - D°

Lucius Finney - - D®

Ja* White - - - D®

In° Weft - - - - D°

Henry Blayney - - D°

Peter Jones - 2d Supervisor -

Fra* flood - - - D°

Cha9 Betts - - - D°

Tho* Dean - - - D®

D®

D°

D®

D°

D®

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D°

I)°

D°

D°

D°

Dan1 Farrell, Amount of his Expenditure on the Funeral of the late Matw Connolly (late 2d Supervisor) together with £.2. 5s. 6d. advanced to him in his lifetime by order of the Board, which Sums were allowed to said Connolly for his Trouble, making -

Wm llackett, Second Supervisor, for his Trouble -

Supervisors -

Wm Austin, Principal Inspector of Globes ----- for his Trouble In° Gormlv, Inspector ot Globes - -D°-

Peter Tone - - D® -Humpy Burne - D® -Ed\vd Kinlley - D® -Wm Vance - - D® -

' £ '5 15

- 25

- 15 15 15 2 6

- 10 10

7

13 6

5

11

10

H

19

92

Andw Gormly ——

In° Dickson and Marg1 Gaven, Gatekeepers

Edwd Ryan, Messenger -Fra* Maghan - D°

- D° -

- D° -

- D® -

- D° -

Globe Insepctors -

- - for his Trouble

- D°

- - D® -

- - D® -

£•130

10

- 33

- 13

- 10

- 16

15

19

12 11

11

5

7

13

Carried forward

-£•

410 10 4

239 h

40 —

3.601

70 —

75

20

22

15

20

go

5

25

15

10

5

171 17 11J

204

5

2

»7

8 -i

7 3 5

698 5 6

*5,19!

16 5

£• n 590 m 1

■fci * J

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

945

Ireland:—Twenty-eighth Report.—Monies Received and Difborfed for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin—continued!.

DISCHARG E—continued.

Gratuities—continued.

Paid

Brought forward

Dan1 Farrell, Inspector of Globes, allowed to the Family of Tim* Dolan,'a Lamplighter, who loft his life when in the Employment of the Corporation, to be by said Dan1 Farrell appropriated to the use of said Family -

More, for himself and other Receivers, for making out Books for the Collection of the Paving and Lighting Taxes -

Tlio* Wharton, Receiver - - - for his Trouble -

Geo. Fennell, Overseer of Roads - D°

Gratuities -

INCIDENTS:

Paid

Sir \Vm Homan, Secretary, to fee Counsel, and for drawing Cafes as per sundry Orders, to ift Au-

gult 1801 - ...... £.72 16 —

Peter Warren, Esquire, Law Agent to the Corporation, in full of his Bills of Costs for

sundry Law Proceedings, as per Orders of 10th and 17th Jan. and 7th Feb. 1801 - 429 18 3

Law Business -

Sir Wm Homan, Secretary, his Fee on the Commission of an Officer preferred -Tho* Bourchier, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Crown, &c. Bill of Fees on the Paving Clause, for repealing the Att of the 20 th George the Third, relative to Appeals from the Paving Corporation -

Wm Watson and Son, in full for Stationary, &c. to 29th Sept. 1800 - £. 179 6 1

More, - D° - the like, 24th March 1801 - - - 182 9 11

More, on Acc*, the like, 19 th Dec. - -- -- - 50 00

411 16 — 10 16 6

7 4 —

H 15

22 8

Wm Rathbone, for Sealing Wax and Wafers, to 29th September 1801 -

R. Cohen, for 36 dozen l^ead Pencils, at 4$. per dozen, to 24th June -Wra Armit, Liq. One Year and Half Subscription for an English Newspaper, to 2d July 1802 -

Proprietor of Saunders’s News Letter, for Advertising to 27th June 1801, and furnishing the Board with laid Paper, to 31ft December 1800 -

Ditto, oi Hibernian Journal, for Advertising and furnishing said Paper, to 25th December 1800 ——

Ditto, of Telegraph, for D° - - D° - - 31ft D°

Stationary, Newspapers, and Advertising - -

Simon Briglv, to pay for Stamps for use of the Corporation, as per sundry Orders, to 5th Dec. 1801 -

Geo. Sutton, for Repairs of Pumps, 3d Sept. - - - - ^£.40-

Tim^ McEvoy - - D° - - 21ft Aug. 1800 - -356

Pat* Kelly - - - D° - - - D° - 1801 ...... i 10 8

Richd Finney - - D° - - 14th Sept. 1801 * - - - - * — 13 10

7 14 11

8610

Owen McDermott, his Bill for Shingling Phiplborough Road

Fra* Morgan, for 24 Hats for Iulpet>jrs of Globes, Messengers, &c. at 17*. 4d. each, and 2s. Duty each, to 25th December 1801- - - * - '£*23 4

W® Gilmor, for 12 pair Boots for D°, One Year, to 27th November D° - - 20 9 6

Ja* Brown, making Great Coats for D°, Two Years, lit October D° - - 20 6 4

Dan1 Farrell, Inspector of Globes, for a Sword and case of Pistols - - - - 6 12 8}

W® Clark, his Bill for Coal Vault Stoppers, &c. to 13th Dec. 1800 ——

Rich4 Spear, for Instruments for measuring -

Tho* Gladwell, sundry incidental Expences, to 26th July 1801 - - - - £, 3

More, Fee on Auditor General’s Certificate of Parliamentary Grant of Session, 1801 - 2

Tho* McCafky, to pay Constable9 and Watchmen for apprehending under the Warrant of the Corporation, Nich* McDonough, and lodging him in Bridewell -

Sundry Persons for Valuation of Houses, to aflels the Paving and Lighting Taxes on -In° Dickson, Storekeeper, for sundry Expences, to 24th October 1801 - - * £.12 4.

More, on Account for D° - - to 7th November D° - -10-----

Rich4 Kenny, for Surveys and Estimates, from 21ft July 1800 to 25th March 1801 Brownrigg and Co. for making out Maps, &c. for the Corporation -

Sir Wm Homan, Secretary, One Year's Allowance for further necessary Accommodations for the Secretary’s Office, to 28th May 1801 Jerome Alley, Assistant Clerk, One Year’s Allowance, 22d December 1801 - - £.59 3 —

Abraham Sandys, late D° - - - D° - - - due to him - - - -117

In° Wade, Aflillant Clerk, Allowance from 19th January to 2 ill December - - 54 12 —

Rich4 Roche, Allowance for doing Duty of ift Supervisor, 2d Division, to 8th April

- - of 2d Supervisor of 3d and 4th D®, to 30th £. s. d.

August ...... 38 15 5

- - of Inspector of Globes, One Week, 24th December 1800 . - 17 4

• - of Overseer of Works, One Month, ift Feb.

1801 ...... 5 5 2

Ja* Elliott - D° - - D°

More - - D° - - D®

More - - D* - - D®

Edw* Ox - D® - - D®

Patk Christy D® - - D®

- of Inspector of Globes, from 12th August to 21ft October

- to 25th February 1801, and also of 2d Supervisor of 6th Di-

vifton, 11 Days, to 6th January 1801 - - - -£.24 12 8

More, Allowance as Assistant Messenger, 14th Od. - -26 13 —

Amount of the Board's Draft on Henry Gore Sankey, Esq. at 4 Months after date of 16th December 1800, and payable to their own Order -

Henry Gore Sankey, Esq. Treasurer, Amount of Charges on fundiy Bills, drawn on him for use of the

Corporation, to 5th January 1802 ...... -

Incidents -

Vo 1. <8.

Carried forward II I

£. e. d. 698 § 6

10 —

6 16 6 256 2 16 10}

502 14 3 1 14 11

48 10 11

483 2 6

64 la —

45 10 — 9 13 6

70 12 6|

5 8 7

9 13 4

5 9

1 15

IQ

22 4 —i

23 4 9

9 2 —

75-----

125 * 6 36 17 10

44 17 1* 11 11 7

Si 5 8

,200 — — 351 n 5

£■ *■/ df

25,191 16

Append i (No. 43

6® Aprih

continued.

720 4 4*

S»*>» 3

29,123 4 61

by'

946

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 43 )

6* Apr His y

continued.

Ireland:—Twenty-eighth Report—-Monies Received and Disbursed for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin—continued.

DISCHARGE — continued.

'Paid

Incidents—continued.

Brought forward

Half a Year's Interest on Old Loan, to 24th June 1801

D° - - D° - - - D° - - 25th Dec.

t)° - - D° - New D° - - 25th April

D° - - D° - - D° - - 25th October -

£• 1,147 10 — - 1,147 >0 —

£• 350 -

35o-----

Interest on Debentures

Total Discharge

Balance in favour of the Public -The Charge, as above -

John Boj/cfj Offr for Prepaid and En gross* Civil Accounts

Account Office, 25th March

it Office, T rch 1803. 3

£• s. d. 29,123 4 e\

2,995-----

32,118 4 6i

*>238 4 -J

34>35 8 7

R. T. Herbert. Rich. Mtigenif. Redmond Barry. Maurice Cane. Hulton King.

Copies of all such EVIDENCE, and other Proceedings, as were taken or had by the Commissioners of Accounts in IRELAND, 24* Mail. previous to making their 28th Report, presented to the Ilouie of Commons upon the 6th day of April last; respecting the Accounts

J (to the 5th day of January 1802) and Conduct of the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of

Dublin: Together with Copies of all such other Evidence and Proceedings taken or had since the date of the said Report, by the said * Commissioners of Accounts, as relate to the said Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin. '

Wednesday, 14th April 1802.

THE Account of the Corporation for Paving, &c. the Streets of Dublin, from lft January 1801 to 5th January 1802, was received, together with the Vouchers belonging thereto; and referred to Mr. Boyce.

Tuesday, 4th May 1802.

THE following Letter was this day received:

Sir, Paving House, 4th May 1802.

Theresas a Reqwh' In pursuance of the Orders received yesterday from the Cominif-um in order 10 com- sioners of Account, I am commanded by the Directors and Com-f with the Standing missioners for Paving, &c. to acquaint you, that the Amount of De-SlltSTur- fluency she Funds of the Corporation, on the 31ft December 1800, >uld fumish a State- amounted to about £. 9,000; and the Deficiency on the 5th January their Fio*tm8 last* amounted to about £. 11,5004 after taking credit for the Funds in hands, and to be collected for that period.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant,

Robert Langrijhc, Esq. H\ J. Homan, Sec?.

Wednesday, 17th November 1802.

Present:—Mr. Herbert.

THE Account and Vouchers of the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c. to the 5th of January 1802; was taken into conff deration.

Monday, 13th December 180*2.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cane.

Robert Alexander, Esq. a Commissioner of the Paving Board, and Mr. Samuel Greene, Inspector of Accounts, attended;—Sworn.— A t - t. * The-V declared, ^iat *wo additional Insepctors of Globes are appoint-g the whoie either of e^> w are Pa^ by fmes> which arc not stated in the Account; that e Receipt* or Ray- the badness of the weather was the occasion of the Streets being ill

in *vvIthin'um0perickI Pavec* > that the Accounts are fairly dated. The Account of the

the Account. Directors and Commissioners of Paving appearing incorrect, the

consideration of it was adjourned.

Friday, 17th December 1802.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magcnis,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Cane.

THIS day the further consideration of the Account of the Directors and Commissioners of Paving, was resumed; and it appearing to the Board, upon minute inveffigation and enquiry,

That this Account w not dated as fully as it might have been: That in the Charge-Part no credit is given for the sums deduded Ihefe Officers do not from the Conlradors for default; and in the Discharge no notice is ipeui on the Account. ^a^cn application of the Fines and Deductions, though it appears they are appropriated to pay the Salaries of Officers:

That, though the Streets are now worse paved and cleaned, and worse lighted than heretofore, notwithstanding the sums applied to those purposes are increased, and the Works all done by Contract, no sufficient reasons were assigned for it:

That the speeific Articles for which Bills are drawn, and Money paid (as in Law Cafes) are not sufficiently Hated:

That Officers appear to receive various sums of Money under many different Heads, so as not to make it clear what they actually get: That a large Floating Debt is not taken notice of:

And it also appearing, that the Paving, Lighting, and Cleansing the City of Dublin, is not executed in a manner to justify so great an expence ;—

The Board resolved to make a more minute i arc (ligation into the bufness, and ordered the present Account and Vouchers to be returned to the Directors and Commissioners of Paving, with the following Letter:

See Account: where many Per Ions appear to receive Em®* lunn nis under various Heads.

This the Comini limners thought them* selves culled upon to do, Iron their own per-icuial Observation an<l Kuo*

Sir, Account Office, 17th December 1802.

I am directed by the Commissioners of Account, to return to the slrcets. Directors and Commissioners of Paving their last Account and Vouchers sent in by them to this Office, and to inform them that it is inaccurate. And the Commissioners of Account request it may be returned to them as soon as possible, in a correct state, with every Voucher belonging to it; and also, with ail Contracts, Bills, and Documents whatever appertaining to, or alluded to in it.

Secretary to the Directors, By Order,

and Commissioners of Paving. Robert Jjangryhcf Sec.

Wednesday, 2*2d December 1802.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mugenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barr)’.

THIS day the following Letter was received from the Secretary

to the Directors and Commissioners of the Paving Board:

Sir, Paving House, December 20th 1802.

I am ordered by the Directors and Commissioners iur Paving, &c. to acknowledge the honour of your Letter of this date, written " determined by " Order of the Commissioners of Account, returning to the Directors " and Commissioners of Paving the last Account and Vouchers sent " in by them to their Office, and to inform them that it is maccu-" rate: and that the Commissioners of Account request that it may " be returned to them as soon as possible, in a correct ffate, with " every Voucher belonging to it; and also, with all Contracts, Bills, " and Documents whatever appertaining lo, or alluded to in it.

I am directed by the Directors and Commissioners of Paving to request you will return, agreeable to your Letter, the Account that was presented the 13th of last April, together with the several Vouchers; and that you will please to point out to us what Alteration is necessary to make them more accurate and correct, as the Accounts that have been pi dented aiepreciielv in the fame form and

manner

03.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

947

I- 6:

4

H

rr

,-,*■ * be * ..A'.'1* •A*

.and,

;• ij

> aJ

asfi

-\ri 'j 7s:, 3

.J.V*?

i-

• i

To this no An- manner that they have been for many years pAfy and have been

fwer was given, UuiforlIJly ratified and approved of. as (ho Coinnnl- y

fiuners did not I have the honour to be,

conceive ita part

niale ouuh*/ to Your moll obedient humble Servant;

Accounts for the Robert Langrijhe, Esq. W. J. Homan, 8ec*\

fevcrHl Account- xc. X.Ct Sc.

ants; but verbal " 1 ' __________

Information waa "

given upon several Points. Saturday, loth February 1803.

THIS day the Account of the Directors and Commissioners of Paving, &c. from the ill of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802; together with the Vouchers thereof; and also the following Letter, were received, and referred to Mr. Boyce:

Sir, Paving House, 17th February 1803.

I am directed by the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c. to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of the 15th inllant, 44 by " Order of the Commissioners of Account, requeuing, that the Account 44 of this Corporation may be sent into their Office as soon as possible;"

which they have directed me in consequence to transmit to you-----It

has undergone no alteration.

This Board not having received any An fwer to the Letter I had the honour to address you on the 20th of December last, 44 requeuing,

44 that any Alteration necessary to be made, to make the Account " more accurate and correct, might be pointed out, as the Account " that was prelected was precisely in the fame form and manner that 44 they have been for many years pall, and have been uniformly 41 ratified and approved of."

The several Contracts in force during the period are also transmitted, which are requested to be returned as soon as convenient, being Securities that mud neeeilarily remain in the hands of the Corporation, the most of them being in force for various periods.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

, Your moll obedient humble Servant,

Robert Langrijhe, Esq, W. J. Homan, SecL

SfC. 4$-c. 4c.

44 Books, the Inspector of Accounts' Books, the Treasure/s Books; 44 also, the Particulars of the several Items comprehended in the 44 Accounts of Scavengers' Soil fold; of Fines levied; of Money 44 received from Inhabitants for Watering Streets; for Paving before 44 their Houses; and, of all Sums received from the City Treasurer; u from the id day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802; 44 —the fame being referred to in the Account of the Directors and 44 Commissioners of Paving for the above period, now under the consideration of the Commissioners of Imprell Accounts —which several Books and Accounts arc transmitted herewith, agreeably to the annexed Schedule; excepting the Valuators' Book, which is at present in the hands of the Valuators, and shall be sent tomorrow.

I am desired to express the wish of the Board, that those Books,' and the Documents transmitted on the 17th ult°, may be returned at soon as convenient.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Robert Langrijhe, Esq. Year obedient humble Servant,

Secy to the Commr* of Account, VS, J. Homan, Sec?'.

Append (No. 4: 24® Ma

continue (

Monday, 28 th February 1803.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. King;

Ordered, That the following Letter be written to the Secretary to the Directors and Commissioners of Paving, &c. and to the Treasurer of the City Grand Jury:

Sir, Account Office, 28th February 1803.

I am directed by the Commissioners of Imprell Accounts to desire that there may be sent to their Board, as soon as possible, the Collectors of Taxes' Books, the Valuators' Books, the Inspector of Accounts' Books, the Treasurer s Books; also, the Particulars of the several Items comprehended in the Accounts of Scavengers'Soil fold; of Fines levied; of Money received from Inhabitants for Watering Streets; for Paving before their Houses; and, of all Sums received from the City Treasurer, from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802 the fame being referred to in the Account of the Directors and Commissioners of Paving for the above period, now under the consideration of the Commissioners of Imprell Accounts.

By Order,

Secretary to the Directors and Commas Robert Langrijhe, SecL

of Paving, $c.

Sir, Account Office, 28th February 1803.

The Commissioners of Imprell Accounts request that they may be furnished with an Account of all Sums paid to the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Lighting, and Cleansing the Streets of Dublin, from the ill day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1802, by Prelcntment or Orders of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, for repairing Roads, &c.

By Order,

To the Treasurer of the Count ij of the liubirt Langrijhe, SecL

City of Dublin Grand Jury,

Much of the Evidence on which the Re-P°rl is> grounded, appears on (he race of the

Account.

Account.

Tuesday, id March 1803.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. iMagenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. King.

THIS day the further Examination of the Paving Account was proceeded on.

Thursday, 3d March 1803.

Present:—Mr. Magcnis, Mr. Herbert,

Mr, Cane, Mr. King, Mr. Barry.

THIS day the following letter and Vouchers were received from the Paving Office:

Sir, Paving House, 3d March 1803.

I am ordered by the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Sec. to acknowledge the honour of your Letter of the 28th ult. 44 defiling, 44 that there may be sent to the Board of Commissioners of Account, u w soon as possible, the Collectors of Taxes' Books, the Valuators'

SCHEDULE of Books and Accounts font to the Account.Office.

No. 1. Collectors'Tax Books, for 1801.—-19 Books.

2. Ledgers, O and P.

3. Treasurer s Account Books, No. 17 and 18.

4. Particulars of Scavenging Soil fold.

5. Two Insepctors of Nuisances Account Books, of Fines.

6. Particulars of Money received for Watering Streets.

7. Particulars of Money received for Paving opposite Houses.

8. Particulars of Money received iroiu the City Treasurer.

Mr. HENRY PETERS, Contrador for Paving the Streets of jy/r. peter, Dublin, attended ;—Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

Have you and your Securities entered into a Bond for £.500 for t performance of Conditions in Contract, and where is it?—-Delivered it to the Paving Board.

Are all the Conditions of your Contract duly fulfilled?—The Conditions of my Contract have been fulfilled* so far as to satisfy the Board.

Have you ever been fined the Treble Penalty, and when* and by

what Officer?—Never.

Do you give notice to an Officer of the Board when you are repairing or paving, and does one always attend?—I do not give notice/ nor does the Officer always attend.

If an Officer did not attend while the Works were going on, could he know if they were done according to Contract?—He could not; but there are scarcely two days in an hundred in which an Officer does not fee the Works in progress.

Have the Board ever executed any Works in your Contract, and charged you for them for default?—I do not recoiled that there was.

In what manner are you paid the Amount of your Contract?—Was paid sometimes in Bills at 4, 5, and 6 months, and sometimes in Calb or Bank Notes; once in Debentures.

Were you aware, before you contracted, that this would be the mode of Payment, and did you make your Ultimate accordingly; and would you have contracted for a lower Sum if you were lure of receiving your amount in Money di redly upon the day agreed on in the Contract?—If I was sure of being paid Cash, I would not have made this Estimate lower for that particular Contract.

Did you ever pay any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, per-Centage, or Deduction whatever, for payment of your Bills, for getting your Con* trad; or did you ever fuller any such to be flopped from you ?- Never* of any kind, except the Measurer’s Bill, of which I pay the whole.

Do you receive the amount of what private Individuals, the Pipe-water Committee, or the City Treasurer, Sec. are to pay fof*Works, from the Parties; or does it come to you through the Board of Commissioners of Paving, &c.?—The Officers of the Board colied the;

Money, and pay the lame over to Contradors (except in the case of Pipe-water) without their appearing on the Board's Books.

How are the Jobbing-Works ordered, how measured, and by whom? jobbing Work --Officers view what is wanting, make Estimates, which are referred such as are notine to the Board, who order the Works under their hands; when done, a

they are measured by Douglas Howel, a sworn Measurer, employed by paid by Individual

the Public.

the Board, and paid by the Artificers.

Are any of these Jobbing Works comprehended in the spaceS contracted for, to be kept in repair?—Never, unless ordered by the Board to be broken up for other purposes.

Is the old bed always taken away, the Stones always of the proper dimensions, and four inches of new Gravel laid as a bed, throughout the whole of the Streets and Lanes in this Contract ?-^-Not in general.

Has the whole of the contracted-for Space been regularly paved over according to the above method, and at what times, and by whom inspected?—I do not repave the Streets altogether, but repair theitK where wanting, which I conceive to be the true meaning of the Contract.

See Contract, N

i 948

Appendix.

A. 1803.

:wu a r‘ -yre.T—1 ----- - -- ~ -

Was there any one elie employed to pave any part of the Streets or Lanes in your Contract, during the period of this Account, except youri’elf; and who was lie; and by whom ordered, and when?—No, no one was employed but myself.

Do you employ your Men by the Day, or by Measure ?—By the

Day.

Is not your repairing done chiefly in Winter, and why?—I principally repair in Summer, but cannot.repair lb as to prevent nearly an equal expence in Winter.

Do you never give a Receipt for a Sum, without having received the whole and entire amount of that Sum?—Never.

What is the expence of your Contract, and to whom paid?—I pay nothing for it, not even the Stamps.

Which will Hand longer, Work done in Winter, or Summer?— Summer.

How long ought a Street of moderate thoroughfare, to Hand without needing any Repair of consequence, after a thorough new Paving?— Cannot answer; has new paved a Street, and been bound to keep it in repair for a year; and it has needed some repairs within the year.

How much a squaro yard would it take to repave completely the entire of a Street?—Depends upon the Street; about 6d. to 8 d. for repaving an old Street, and from 1 \uL to \GiL for new paving and forming a new Street.

Was the Division you contracted for iidvcrtifed, previous to your Con trad, in the public Papers?—I believe it was in the Papers; but it is generally in the Board Room that the Advertiseinents are passed up.

Did you ever receive any money on account of your Bills or Contracts from any Person but the Treulurer?—All the Money and Bills come through the Treasurer.

Do you ever pave any Jobbing Work without orders from the Board, and are those Orders given in writing, or verbal, and by whom?— Never; all Orders are given by Officer or Commissioner, either verbal or in writing.

How long have you been employed as a Pavior by the Board?— About 16 years.

• Were the Gentlemen who signed the Contratt the fame who originally agreed to your Proposals; or do you know if any other Propo-fals were received for your Works?—Cannot tell; lent in my Proposals to the Board; I do not know who were there.

fr. JFhtte. Mr. J A M E S W III T E, First Supervisor of the Paving Office,

attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows;

What is the nature of your Office, how appointed; shew your Report and Act Appointment; what are the nature of your Instructions; shew them ? whatever ^0 ^le ^lrceLs are PdVec* and rleanfed, and Footways kept

t by the Directors in thorough repair, and to report any thing necessary, to the Corpo-> ration; am appointed by a Commission under Vintiors only; received

my Instructions in writing.

, Did you give any Fee, Emolument, Gift, or Gratuity whatever, for

; your employment?—1 gave but £. i. 14. i£. Fee on first Commission.

Are you ordered out by the Board, or are you called upon by the Con traders to view their Works General Instructions are, to perambulate every day, and the whole Division twice a Week.

In what ft ages do you insped Works, and how often?—Answered above.

Do you examine Cuntrads before you insped Works, to fee if they «ec Report. are executed accordingly, or do you report upon them, as they appear to you, in quality, at the time of inspeclion?—I do not know what is contained in amj Contract; but report to the Board the quality of the Works as I fee them.

When you were appointed, did you take any Oath of Office ?—No. rr pmaUies are Were you ever sworn by the Paving Board as to your Reports?— or NuUances, the; except in cases of Penalties.

is worn aj n j)oes Paving Board ever fend any one after you to check your Report?—When doubts arise, an Inspector (Thomas McCa(ky) is lent to report alter Supervisor, and reports in writing.

What is your Salary?—Forty Pounds. j Have you any Perquisites?—Thirty Pounds Gratuity, unless flopped

• for mifeondud; and may be encreased if Directors chuse.

! _ Do you insped Works in their progress, or only when finished ?—

Both.

How do you know when to insped Works?—When I fee them bad I report them, und then insped them constantly till finished.

How are Jobbing Works known to be necessary, and how ordered:— Upon the view; and ordered upon the report of the Supervisor.

Do you ever execute any of those Jobbing Works for the Board?— Never. 1

Have you any other office or situation under the Paving Board?— Np.

Do you go alone, or in company with another Officer, to insped Works?—Generally alone; but sometimes with fecund Supervisor or Inspector.

Have you*any thing to fav to the Scavenging Department, or Lighting?—J ordered to report on Scavenging every Thursday, always in svriting; not employed officially as to Lighting.

11

•ppcndix* N°. 43-)

± Maiiy

tuHtinued*

How are you paid your Salary* by Calli, or Bills?—By Culh when due.

Have you fined any Contradors in the course of this Account, or reported that they ought to be fined?—Not during the period of this Account, as I believe.

Do you ever report that Works are not performed according to Contract?—Never as to Contract; nor do I report to Board unless the Contractor does not obey my notice to repair what I fee wrong.

Do you know any thing of the manner the Contradors are paid or fined?—No.

Who measured the Works in. the Schedule?—Supervisors do not

measure.

Are the Pavements of the Streets that you insped in a better or worth situation (or were they Lift winter) than formerly, and why ? -Never can say that the Paving Work was in good order; but, during the period of this Account, the Streets are in general in tolerable and reasonable good order; but the Streets, owing to the severity of the Summer, and present Rain, are now in worse order than usual.

Were you ever offered any Fee or Gratuity by any Contractor or Workman ?—Never.

See Report* and Certificate*, Nas*,3>4»* 5*

Has the Paving Board ever fin to you for mifcouclud?—It has, for lieglett of duty sometimes.

How do you determine that Paving Work is well done?—Byinfpec-tion while doing; or, where 1 iuspect any thing wrong, I frequently rip up the Pavement and examine.

Have you any thing to say to the Collcdion of any Money, or is there any Stoppage made, or Fees demanded, out of your Salary or Gratuity ?—No.

Are you allotted a certain District to insped, or do you go over the whole City?—I am allotted to Second Division.

This day the following Letter was received:

Sir,

In compliance with the desire of the Commissioners of Imprest Account, you have an Account of all Sums paid to the Commissioners for Paving, Lighting, &c. from the lit of January 1801 te the 5 th of January' 1802, by Orders of the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, for repairing Roads, &c.

£• s. d.

1801. March 21ft. To AmT of Draft on B. of Ireland 49 7 2 May 27th. To-----Ditto - - - - Ditto - 18 1 1

X.67 8 3

In your Letter to me, you make mention of the C° of the City oi Dublin—John R,ofe Baker, Esq.—William Street is Treasurer to the City Grand Jury.

I am, Sir,

Your obedient Servant,

Henry Baker; Treasf H. G1 Georges S* C° Dublin.

3d March 1803.

On the 5th April 1802, a further sura of £. 16. 13. 7. was paid, which is the last.

Friday, 4th March 1803.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

Air. DANIEL FARRELL, Principal Inspector of Lamps, and Collector of Paving and Lighting Tax for the North fide of Dublin, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:—Has a Commission; is sworn every Wednesday as to his Report, and every Quarter as to his Collcdion; views Oil before Contrador buys it, it is of good quality; goes out when he thinks proper, but not at stated times; does no Jobbing Works for the Board; has no Perquisites but Salary and Gratuity, and per-Centage on Collection of Taxes; no alteration, for two years, in the construction of the Lamps, either as to Burners or Caps, from the Pattern in the Paving Office; and declares, that all the Lamps now in use are as near that Pattern as possible.

He believes he never saw any Lamp that had the appearance of being purposely (lopped at top to save Oil, or that had the Cap altered for that purpose; there are about six thousand public Lamps now in use; irequently finds the heads choaked with (team and dirt of Oil, but constantly orders them to be cleaned.

He thinks Lamps burn as bright, and thinks they continue longer in than formerly; he does not count the Lamps, Mr. Austin does; but knows whether the number is right by the view.

Thinks Lamps remain in longer, and there is more Oil used than formerly.

Salary £.100 a year for inspecting Lamps; no Perquisites; does no Jobbing Work.

Never was offered any Fee, Gift, or Gratuity, by any Contractor.

Reports every Wednesday, and seldom so as not to admit of Fines being ordered by the Board, if they choose? during this Account £' 77* °* 10f wns levied. Colletts the Fines, and pays them into the Treasury.

The

Mr. Farrell

ft had beta fwggcfted to the Board of Accounts, that the Heads of the Lamps had been contracted ro save Oil; but no such appeared in Evidence.

Qoctv •S* Mr.

Austin’! I. den c*.

Appendii;

949

43 Geo. III.

‘i few,

Y

\ ;t*

; i i i

k 3 . c.

r

c; a 2

.Iff ii i.t

,<i> / i

*c^;

jl5;J

The Paving and Lighting Tax is regulated by the MinifteFs Money, except in new Ilouies not valued by the Minister, and then the Board value for themselves. lie receives is. 6d. in the Pound for Paving; and for Lighting at £.20, or upward, i s. 6d. in the Pound; at£. 10. iff.; under £. 10. gd. in the Pound. Never collects upon a new See Report. va]lle(j ] souse under one year after it has been built and valued. Makes out himself the lift of new I loufes to be valued. It lies on him to give a proper return when lax is called for on a new House. They do not call for a Valuator’s books. He gets but 5 d. for Second Division; 6 d. for First. ' Collects more for the first three months than for the rest of the year, and the collection generally decreases. Pays into Treasurer every Friday, and never to any one else. Has nothing to say to the bargain for felling Soil; only collects what he is ordered.

Believes in the course of ten years the Taxes of George’s Parish may have increased a sixth, from the Minister’s valuation being higher than the Board's Officers.

Mr. Clarke•

See Contract, N° 6.

Set Report.

Mr. CLARKE, foie Contractor for lighting the public Globes attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

Is foie Contractor for lighting Dublin; knows of the terms of the Contract; has fulfilled the terms as well as Contractor could, but could not keep up to the terms in all respeels. The Contractors are paid none of the September Quarter 1801, nor any sums of the present year; in all, three Quarters due; one Quarter to Welt ray’s Executors and him, and two to himieli; was paid sometimes by Fills, sometimes Cash; could mike his Contracts as much cheaper as he pays d if count on the Bills, if he was paid ready m.mey.

Is frequently lined, and pays ready money for it; and it is not flopped from his Contract.

In general. Fountains arc considered as public Globes; cannot swear as to the number of Lamps, but takes the Report of the I11-spector of the Board as his own.

Did not alter the Ihape of the heads, or hear that it ever was done by any Person whatever; and verily believes the heads are of the cxaCl lame construction as when he was lirft employed near nine years liVvcc. lie never gave any Fee or Gratuity whatever.—Advertisement for Contract was in the Newspaper. There were other Competitors, but does not know why his was preferred.

The Fountain at the Rotunda is not in his ContraCL

Atifiin is a Tinman, and supplies Mr. Clarke sometimes with Burners, &c.

Was paid £. 1,500 ih Debentures; formerly took them at par, and could not fell them for so much :—Has them Hill.

*fn AuJUn. Mr. WILLIAM AUSTIN, Chief Inspector of Globes, attehded;

Sworn.—Deposed as follows:—His salary is£. 130 per annum; has no written commission, but isfworn almost every week as to the accuracy, &c. of his report.—For Lighting, there are four Inspectors for the South, and four for the North tide of the Town, whose duty is to inspect the Iaimps, Irons, Oil, and the duration of the lighting. One goes out regularly every night, and in general flays out till two o’clock, lie did repair the Tin-work, of the Lamps for the Contractor.

Is a Tinman by profellion; has been live years in Ireland latterly; and positively fays, that, during that period, he, or any one else, never contracted or canted to be contracted the heads of any Lamps, for the purpose of excluding air (except some new Lamps on Ed ex Bridge, which were formed to prevent their being blown out). Has sometimes seen the Caps nearly chunked up by filth, but never saw it without , ordering the same to be cleaned; which filth he solely attributes to accident, not defigri, from the lteam of the oil, and dirt of the Lamplighter’s hands.

Mr. Farrell receives the Fines, and pays them in to the Treasurer; and lcarcely a fortnight pufies without some being levied.

Makes Burners for Contractors, and for the Board.

The Lamps do not remain as long in for these last two years as formerly, he thinks; Oil has been so dear, he imagines that the quantity has not been so liberally allowed; they burn full as bright, for the Oil is good, but not so long.

Has not counted the Lamps for about a year and a half, but fees the number is right.

In the Quarterly Certificates, merely alludes to number; Weekly Reports, as to quality. Never received any Fee or Gift whatever, except two or three times from Mr. Weltray, for lodes upon Tin Ware, which he was at that time a Contractor for Applying him.

fotbDtccou^f The St0rCS

are for Oil and Tin Ware to run upon Contractors at any emergency, and it has nothing to say to Contractors Stores.

Saturday, 5th March 1803.

Present:—Mr.Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

Mr. Dunlcvi. Mr. DANIEL DUNLEVI, Collector for Third and Fourth Divi-

fion, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

Yctdoa not Received a Commission] holds no other office; and receives 5 d. per SC?' P* About £. 150 or £. 200 worth of Soil fold in his Division in 1801, during the period of this account; for this, and Applotments

VOL. 58.

of new Flagging and Paving, he received i 5. in the Pound for collecting.—lie gave the fame answersas MclVrs. Gormly and Farrell to the questions of Valuators, and Returns of new Houses to be valued— Collects near£. 10,000 in all, per annum, for the two Divisions.

Mr. GEORGE CREIGHTON, Collector for Sixth Division, attended; Sworn. The ^ibei ties of St. Sepulchre’s pay no Lighting, and there is of course no Lighting done in it by the Contractor, except in a part of Harcourt-street.—About £. 1,200 is the amount of Tax. He gets 1 s. 5 d. in the Pound.

He gave the fame answers as Farrell, Austin, and Dimlevi, as to Valuators and the Returns. He does not receive any sums for Applotments or Soil fold.—Knows nothing about Scavenging or Lighting.

Appendi: (No. 4 j.

240 Maii.

continued.

K-----

Mr. CreighU

Mr. JOHN GORMLY, Inspector of Globes for the North District, and Collector of Paving and Lighting 'Fax for the Fifth Division, attended; Sworn.

He declared he was appointed by Commission, and is sworn every Quarter as to his Accounts. His son does duty as Inspector of Globes for him, on account of bad health, and aflilts him in collecting.- -Meffirs. Austin and Farrell only report for the payment of Contractors. Once a year he gives in a return of Houses not paying Ministers Money, Dead Walls, &c. to the Board, but does not swear to it. Valuators take no notice of any Houses not in his lift. Does not recoiled any Persons being called upon to pay Tax, requiring to see the Valua tors' Books. Has 7d in the Pound for collection.—Collection Books are made out by Collector from last year’s books, and by them referred to the Clerks in the Accountant’s Office; and when they are compared and certified, the Directors and Commissioners issue their Orders (fee front of Collection Books) to the Collector. Mr. pormly's name does not appear in the Account as Collector; he receives no Fines or other Emoluments. (See Valuators Books) by which it appears, Mr. Farrell returned, in the year 1801; in his First and Second Division, thirty-five new Houses only for valuation, and in the Fifth Division, there were returned by Mr. Gormly an hundred and fifty-four new Houses within the same period.

Mr. Gormly

Thursday, loth March 1803.

Present:—Mr.Magenis, Mr. Cane,

Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

Mr. JAMES MIDDLETON, First Supervisor of Paving for First Division, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:—His duty to inspect the Paving, and Nuisances, and Scavenging; has written instructions; and also gets from the Board, and takes them from the Acts of Parliament.

He attends the Paviors sometimes when doing, sometimes when the Works are done.

He never read any Contract, but reports according to his Instructions; which are, in general terms, to see that the Streets are paved in a proper manner, and with proper materials.

Is never sworn, except in the case of nuisances; nor ever gave security when he entered into Office. There has not been, to his knowledge, any Officer lent after him to cheek him. His Salary and Gratuity is £. 70 in all; ltoppages sometimes made for neglect.—He reports Jobbing-works necessary from view; and makes the Estimate, which he refers to the Board.—Is paid his salary in Cash.—Has fined Contractors for Paving for default.—Never reports that Works are performed agreeable to ContraCL—Contractors are not fined in Calli; the way they are fined is by running on them, and charging double; but does not know whether of Contract Price or Expence.

During a period last winter, the Streets and Pavements were in much worse order than ever he remembered, owing to frost and damp.

When Inhabitants break up Streets for their own purposes, as to lay Pipes about areas, &c. he receives a deposit from them, and pays the Contractor; and he endeavours to take care that the Works are well done, but is not always able to succeed.

Though Mr. Far Divisions arc very fidcrably larger than Gormly’s, and in a of the Town where t are the greatest nur of new Houses:— Commissionera ther< thought Mr. Fa might have colie Money for new Ho not returned in his luation Book, and tained it.

See Report.

Mr. Middleto

1

See Report.

Mr. BOYLE FIELD, Contractor for Paving the Streets of part of Mr. Field,

the Sixth and First Division, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

Are all the conditions of your Contract duly fulfilled?—As much as was possible, and lay in his power.

Have your ever been fined the treble Penalty, and when, and by what Officer ?—Never.

Do you give notice to an Officer of the Board when you are repairing or paving, and does one always attend?—Does not give notice;

Officers attend of course.

Have the Board ever executed any Works in your Contract, and charged you for them for default ?—Never.

In what manner are you paid the anrtmnt of your ContraS?—Sometimes by Bills.

Were you aware, before you contracted, that this would be the mode of payment, and did you make your Estimatcs accordingly; and would you have contracted for a lower sum if you were sure of receiving your amount in Money directly upon the day agreed on in the Contract?--Did not makjs my Contracts lower on that account.

11

950

Appendix 1803.

Did you receive the amount of wluit private Individuals, the Pipe-water Committee, or the City Treasurer, Nc. are to pay for Works, from the parties, or does it come to you through the Hoard of C.ommissioners of Paving, 6;c.?—Indi\iduui» pay Contractor, and Board knows nothing of it.

How are the Jobbing-works ordered, how measured, and by whom?

—Ordered by the Board. All accidents included in jobbing. jRtratt md Report. js ^c(j a]wayS taken away, the stones always of the proper

dimensions, and four inches of new gravel laid as a bed throughout the whole of Streets and Lanes in tlii- Cun trad?—The terms of the Contract arc not complied icith in general.

Has the whole of the eontracted-for space been regularly paved over according to the above method, and at what times, and by whom in-speded ?—Never paved over; 1 do not think it the meaning of the Contract.

Was there any one else employed to pave any part of the Streets or Lanes in your Contract, during the period of this account, except yourself; and who was he; and by whom ordered, and when?*—No.

Do you never give a receipt lbr a ibm without having received the whole and entire amount of that sum ?—Never.

What is the expence of your Contract, and to whom paid ?—No expence.

JIow long ought a Street of moderate thoroughfare to stand, without tier ding any repair of coufequoncc, after a thorough new paving ?— Three or four months.

Was the Division you contract for advertised previous to your Contract in the public papers?—Never to my knowledge.

Do you ever pave any Jobbing-work without orders from the Board, and are those orders given in writing, or verbal, and by whom?—Never without orders; orders in writing in general.

How long have you been employed as a Pavior by the Board?—

- About thirteen years: I think if the Streets were better cleaned, the Pavement would lait longer.

Mr* Odgrtrcc. Mr. JAMES COSGRAVE, Contractor for Paving the Second Division, attended; Sworn.—Dcposed as follows:

Have you and your Securities entered into a Bond for/. 500 for performance of Conditions in Contract, and where is it? - Yes.

Aic all the Conditions of your Contract duly fulfilled ?—Not in every particular, but I think in general.

Have you ever been lined the treble Penalty, and when; and by what Officer?—No.

Do you give notice, to an Officer of the Board when you are repairing or paving, and does one always attend :—In general, Officers attend of their own accord.

' Have the Board ever executed any Works in your Contract, and charged you for them for default ?—Yes, and £.12. or /. 14 were hopped out of next Quarter.

• In what manner arc you paid the amount of your Contract ?—Sometimes by Bills.

Were you aware, before you controlled, that this would be the mode of payment, and did you make your E Climates accordingly; and would you have contracted for a lower lum, if you were sure of receiving your amount in Money directly upon the day agreed on in the Contract?—I confiJcr myself at no lols in being paid by Bills, except the discount.

How are the Jobbing-works ordered, how measured, and by whom ? —I receive orders from Officer of Walk.

Is the old bed always taken away, the stones always of the proper dimensions, and four inches of new gravel laid as a bed throughout the 'tfholc of Streets and Lanes in this Contract?—There is not half of these terms complied with; but I always put some gravel under the stones.

Do you never give a receipt for a sum without having received the whole and entire amount of that lum?—-Never.

- Did you ever receive any Money on account of your Bills or Contracts from any person but the Treasurer?—Never.

How long have you been employed as a Pavior by the Board?— .• Fi\e years.

Mr. Tnrnr?/. Mr. JOHN TURNEY, Contractor for paving part of the First

Division, attended; Sworn.—Deputed as follows:

• Are all the Conditions of your Contract duly fulfilled ?—No.

Have you ever been lined the treble Penalty, and when; and by what Officer?—No.

Have the Board ever executed any Works in your Contract, and charged you for them fur default? --Never run 011 me.

Is the old bed always taken away, the stones always of the proper dimensions, and four inches of m-w gravel laid as a bed throughout the whole ol Streets and Lanes in this Contract?—I generally take up and R.pom pavement where wanting, and put as much gravel as 1 think necessary; 1 do not adhere to dimensions of fiones, nr taking away the old bed.

Has the whole of the cun traced-for fr-ice been regularly paved over, according to the above method, and at what times, and by whom in-spected ?—No.

Did you ever receive any money on account of your Bills or Contract* from any per ion but the Treuiurer*—No*

tpprndix, Vo. 43.) 14° A la

continued.

How long have you been employed as a Pavior by the Board r—

Two years. '

I cannot tdl how much I receive from Individuals or Bodies.

(It appears there is not half this Man’s Contract paid.)

THOMAS McCASKY\ Inspector of Xuifances, Scavenging, and Mr. M'Cash. Paving, of the North Did rid, attended; Sworn.—Deputed as ioilows:

What is the Nature of your Office, how appointed; shew your appointment; what arc the nature ot your Inliractions; shew them?—

To examine the Paving, Cleaning, and Nuisances; hasa Cotuiuilliun,;

and had Initiations;

Are your ordered out by the Board, or are you called upon by the Contractors to view their Works?—I go out under a general order.

Do you examine Contracts before you inspect Works, to fee if they are executed accordingly; or do you report upon them, as they appear to you in quality, at the time of Inspection?—1 never read a Contract;

I do not kno-x the Terms; in general, I suppose, a Contract is to keep the Streets in repair.

When you were appointed, did yoU take any Oath of Office^—I took an Oath a9 Constable only.

Were you evet sworn by the Paving Board as to your Reports ?—No.

Does the Paving Board ever fend any one alter you to check your (

Report?—I cannot say; my Reports may be referred to Comunllioners.

What is your Salary; have you any Perquisites?—-£. 100 per annum in all; no oilier Perquisites.

How arc Jobbing-works known to be need Vary, and how ordered?

—Supervisor s Report some times referred to me, which. I inspect; and it is ordered accordingly by the Board,

Have you any other office or lituution under the Paving Board?—

I levy Fines for dirty Footways, upon the Report of the Superviffir, without the Board’s order, and pay them in monthly to the Treasurer, and return my Books daily to the Board; and swear monthly to the accuracy of the Account.

Do you go alone, or in company with another Officer, to inspect Works?—A Supervisor goes with me.

Have you any thing to say to the Scavenging Department or Lighting?—Y'es, as to Scavenging.

Have you fined any Contractors in the course of this Account, or reported that they ought to be fined?—I believe I have run on some Contractors in 1801; but cannot recollect.

Do you ever report that Works are not performed according to Contract?—I report always as to Older, not as to Contract.

Are the Pavements of the Streets that you inspect iii a better or worse situation than formerly, and why?—111 worle Older, owing to bad weather, I think; when Works are bud, I keep back Reports;

(so Reports are always in the fume Terms). I think Reports of S« Certificate?, Streets being in tolerable Gi der> Ikotiid authorize the Board to pay 2* b $• full Contract.

I think tolerable Repairs mean ffich as require no Repairs at present, and good Repair means when not a Stone is out of order.

I conceive that when I tigu a Bill for Jobbing-work, and say the Work is done, it means well done.

Friday, utli March 1S03.

'Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Air. Barry, Mr. King.

Mr. PETER TONE, Iifipedor of Globes for the North Difirict, Mr. To:*, attended; Sworn.—Depoled as follows:

His duty is to go out at night, and lee the Globes are in order; he takes it in his turn with other Iulpectors; there are three inferior and one principal lnipcctor on each tide; goes out twice a week, or every third night; reports generally to the Board once a week; fomclimes is ordered out as lnipcctor of Paving, and then is paid as for ex‘ra duty, and does the business of a Paving lulpector; but he must be ordered out by the Board.

The fu ll Inspector goes out when he pleases, and in general oftener than Deponent; the first Inspector also reports once a week, and both Reports are on Oath; and the Oaths are, that they make a true Report, without favour or affection, or malice.

The Head Inspector keeps the Account of the number of Globes; the two Head Inl’pecfors of the South and North Dilrrids sign the Quarterly Reports, on which the Contracts arc paid, and both lign for both Divisions.

Thinks that during the period of this Account, the Lamps were as weil lighted as formerly; he never law any attempt to dole up lh«

Heads oi Lamps, nor does he believe any ever was made.

Stays out generally till two, sometimes till four; Lamps generally remain in till four o’clock in the morning, he believes; does nol believe the Citizens complain of the Lamps not being well lighted; docs not know the number; it is Meiheurs Farrell and Aufiins hulinda to count them.

Mr. WILLIAM IIACKETT, Second Supervisor of Paving, &c. }[r.Mcck^ for Sixth Division, attended; Sworn.—Dcposed as follows: lie never saw any Contradsj and does not know their contents; he tool*, no Oaths of Office,

G<5o

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

He thinks the Streets are in better order now than formerly.

Good Repair, he conceives to be, where there is nothing dangerous;

conceives himself bound to certify for Contractors being paid Quarterly the full Amount of their bills, when there appears nothing dangerous in the Pavements.

(Mtmorandum—The Contractors hre always paid upon this kind of Certificate, and the Certificate seems only to allude to the date of the Streets on the day of the Officer’s signing the Certificate.)

jlfr.Jbnei. Mr. TETER JONES, Second Supervisor of Paving and Cleansing,

and Nuisances, for the First Division, attended; Sworn.—Dcposed as follows;

His duty is to keep Streets in order, and report Nuisances; he goes out of his own accord.

He thinks he knows the extent, but not the conditions of Contracts; reports the Work well done according to his idea of the Contract, from the Infirudions he has received, which are in general terms: he took no Oaths of Office; believes the Streets-were in better order formerly as to Paving and Clean ling.

As to Scavengers, he reports where Scavengers do not do their duty, and orders out the Corporation Carts where there are no Scavengers, or where tlu*y neglect their duty.

Never saw Smithiiehi in good repair; yet it is included in every Report; and every Report Hates, in nearly the fame words, that the Division is in good repair.

His Salary and Gratuities are £.45 per annum; he did duty as Inspector of Globes, and got a rceompeuce.

Air. Flood. Mr. FRANCIS FLOOD, Sworn.—Dcposed as follows:—Is Second

Supervisor of Paving ot Second Ihvffion, and attends the Watering buiincis; knows nothing of Contracts, hut reports the hate of Streets as he lees them; took no Oaths of Oilier; thinks the Streets are in better order now than in the preceding years.

Hu thinks the Streets are in tolerable order when they are not dangerous. Hr was employed in watering the Streets in 1801; he then made a return daily to Mr. Francis Wnitc, of the number of 1 lories " and Water Carts employed; they are paid the whole daily wages, though they did not work after ten o’clock; but they began at two o’clock in the morning.

A/K Blayney. Mr. HENRY BLAYNEY, First Supervisor of Sixth Division (there are Tlx First and fix Second Supervisors of Paving in the City) attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:—His duty is to keep the Pavements in order, the Flagging clean, and to look to all Nuiianccn and Sewers, where Sewers axe broken down; they arc some.times repaired with wood, sometimes with brick. Bills for repairs of public Sewers are paid by the Board, upon a Certificate from the Lord Mayor, Nc. that the Work is well done: private Sewers are paid for by Inhabitants, and covered generally with wood or Hags.

He believes that in all Controls, the Con tracers are bound to pave in a bed of four inches of new gravel, mid with Hones of three inches by fix fi/e, which they do not adhere to. Never reported according to Contract, or recollects being de.'iml tod*) so. Pavement would Hand better if done according to the Uriel Letter of C’ontnuG; he ronfiders his Report of the Pa\ement being in tolerable good order, means not dangerous, and without ruts or holes.

Salary and Gratuities, in all, £. 70. per annum.

Mr. Saullc. Mr. GEORGE BITIDET SAVILLE, Overseer of Roads on North Side, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

He never saw any Contract; but considers a Road as in good Repair when fafefor Pau’cngers, and not likely to overturn a Carriage.; no one checks his attendance as Overseer cf Roads: Palt. Donnellan checks him as Scavenging.

Mr. Chr 'ifty.

Sec Report, ^eretoepow-ri the Dir<*6lcr» Board is observed.

from ihefe B°°kh which #re v«ry volumi-w>u», and have returned to *he Paving Board, the Cono-*i®o*ers of

Mr. PATT. CHRISTY, attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:— He did duty during the period of tiii> Account, Hilt, as a Messenger to the Committee ol Directors, who iit separate from the Commissioners; then as a Second Supervisor of the Sixth Division; and occasionally during the time as Lamp Inspe&or also.

Was never lworu as to Paving Certificates or Reports; never read any Contracts, or knows what they contain.

He has reported Streets in good order, when he owns they were only in tolerable good, order; that is, as he conceives, putfable without danger.

Saturday, 12th March 1803.

Present;—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mngcnis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

This day the Board took into conf.deration the several Collectors* Books, the Rental books, and Valuators' books of the Collectors of the Paving and Lighting Tax; and having examined the lame, they referred the Rental books of the Second Division, comprehending three Parishes, to Mr. Hendrick, the Accountant of the Foundling Hospital (the accuracy of whose books the CommilFouers ot Imprest Accounts are highly Satisfied with) andjrequested him to make a stre&

companion of the Payments and Arrears, as Hated in the Collectors of the Paving Tax’s books, with the Sums received and due to tfyc Foundling Ilolpital for the fame Ditffid, and for the fame period; and to report the result to the Board.

Monday, 14th March 180;}.

PresentMr. Herbert, Mr. Cane,

Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

Messieurs Leonard Cornwall, Patrick Donnellan, James ElliQtt, and Samuel Green; of the Paving Board, were severally examined on Oath.’

Append!-. (No. 43. 24* Mail

continued.

Account? coll'£h observations in ch> port concerning d

Mr. LEONARD CORNWALL, Chief Overseer of Scavenging, Curnzm

attended; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

He has no other Office under the Board; the duty of his Office is to superintend the Labourers and Carts employed in cleansing the lots in the hand of Corporation daily; both Winter and Summer. Formerly he paid Men, and then he swore to his Accounts w<?ekly; now he pays no money, but makes a Return wreekly of the number of Men*

&c. and certifies it to the Board, who order the amount to be paid to the Storekeeper, who receives it from the Treasurer, and pays tht Men} and now no one swears to these Accounts.

Payments are made to Sweepers once a week, to I Jorfe-owners one# a quarter; he is solely employed on Scavenging (chiefly on the South tide); also, he fees that the Contractors for Scavenging do their duty* and if not, runs upon them with the Corporation Carts, and charges them a Crown a load; he has done so every year, but more particu- i

Lilly this year; and it frequently happens that they run more upon a Man than his Contract amounts to. There are also Persons who get weekly payment for Handing over the Carts of the Board.

He thinks the City was dirtier a year or two ago than now.

He thinks the Streets would be better cleansed by Contractors than by the Board.

Some Weeks he has run as far as Ten Pounds, some Three Pounds, and lower; lie has a discretionary power to run, which is charged on |,

the Contractors; he pays from 7$. yd. to 8a\ Sd. a day for two 1

Iiorfes and a Driver; they work all day, except two hours in th# ii

whole; lie is obliged to make a Return daily how many turns each Cart runs in a day; there are twenty-nine lots; a Cart runs on an average fix turns a day, and holds a ton, which dries into about half a ton.

Soil is now offered for Sale from 18 </. to 14 d. per ton. Overseers of

delivery of Soil are employed merely when the Soil is fold, to fee it

properly delivered; he takes care to fee it deposited from the Carts in

the proper places himself. He knows that by the Contract, Streets

liquid be cleaned twice each week; but they are not, and the terms ,[

ot 1 lie* Contracts are not fulfilled. (He lays that he run upon many of

the Contractors; but no instance can be found in the Bills of Receipt

for this period).

Mr. PATT. DONNELLAN, Inspector of Scavenging for North Domelta

Side; Sworn.—Deposed as follows:

Does the fame duty as Mr. Cornwall. Contractors do not in'

general clean Streets according to Contract; when he runs on Contractors, the Carter swears as to the number of Cart-loads, He has* nothing to say to paying Money; he certifies for payment on the day; never certifies when ill done, hut waits until the Scavenging is in good order.

lie cannot tell whether he ran on any one, but believes there is no year that he has not run on some Contractor; but again swears, he cannot tell whether he did or not this year.

The Handing of Carts charged in Bill is paid for by the Board to Mr. Clarke, £. 15 per annum.

He is Supervisor of Paving also, but reports on Thursdays as to Scavenging principally.

Mr. JAMES ELLIOTT attended; Sworn.—Dcposed as follows Mr. Elliott. He has been employed in {undry Offices; was never on the Establishment, never sworn; held three Offices at once; in delivery of Soil, ufeertnined the tonnage of the Boats; Mr. Cornwall valued the Soil, and the Soil was sold by order of the Board, from 14^. to 16 d. per ( ton; never certified, as Supervisor of Paving, the Streets in good order; knows nothing of Contrails; never run on any Scavenger, but reported against them.

Mr. SAMUEL GREEN, Accountant to the Directors and Com- Mr. Green, missioners of Paving, attended; Sworn.—Dcposed as follows:

The Ai rear outliunding 011 the ‘25th day of March 1801, is taken from the Rental books.

£• 19,371. 3. A. being the whole Paving Tax to which the City is liable for one }*ear, is also taken from the Rental books.

£. 11,007. 10. 8. is the Net Sum received by the Treasurer, ex-

elusive of Fees for.Collection.

Fees paid to CollV Mors do no where appear 071 this Account, but are allowed by Accountant upon their Quarterly Settlement, in the following rates; for Firff Division 6d.—Second Division 5^.—Third Division 5 d.—Fourth 8 d.—Fifth 7id.—and Sixth is. 5J.

lie has been in Office thirteen years or thereabouts; the Rental books are the great Records of the and are

See Report*

Appendix.

A. 1803

952

made up from tire Rental books of the preceding year, and the Houses newly valued in the Valuation book added to it; there are no other Checks on them; the Collectors are sworn to their <Quarterly Accounts, but not as to the accuracy of their return, as to Houses down, or in smear, or waste (there l'eems to he no Checks upon tilde returns). See Report. The Board feldotn remits the tax under 7 s. he does not recoiled above A&of Perliimeat* one instance of it.

The City is to pay £-350 composition for Paving certain Streets; the Treasurer receives £. 300, and the Collector £. 50, oh which he gets a Poundage. There never is any running upon Contractors for default of paving and clcanling, except where it appears deducted from their Bills.

There were but five loads of Scavenging Soil taken as a Penalty during the period of this Account (this even does not appear on the Account, but will in next); also about £.8 only on Account of Paving flopped; £77. o. toj. from the Contractor for Lighting. It never appears on the Board’s Accounts what private Individuals pay for paving* lighting, &t, Mr. Farrell, Collector and chief In-ipedor of Globes, does not appear on the Account, though he has a commission, and a salary of £. 100 per annum; the reason is he pays himself out of Fines on the Lighting Contractors; nor does Austin appear on the Establishment, though paid £. 130 by Gratuity, &c.

Tiie Collectors make Returns for Valuators; there is no Check upon these Returns, and the Valuators only apply to houses in the Jills furnished by' the Collectors.

Wharton, aColletor, was dismissed from Office for receiving Taxes, and not accounting for it, which was discovered by the Board putting a new Collector on his walk; yet this change of Collectors has not been made in any other walk, except in the case of Magee some years back. Mr. Farrell has collected, he believes, about nine years for North Side.

Appendix, [No. 43.)

14* Maii, continued*

Tuesday, 15th March 1803.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

Ordered, That a Director and a Commissioner of the Paving Board attend this Office on Thursday next.

Thursday, 17th March 1803.

Present:—Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

This Day Mr. LEAHY, a Dircdor, and Mr. MITCHELL, a Commissioner of the Paving Board, attended; Sworn,—And they deposed as follows:

Is all the money levied on the Public included in the Charge-part of this Account?—All, except Fines in general, the Balances of which, after certain payments only, are brought in Charge, and the Poundage to Collectors allowed in their Quarterly Accounts, which they retain in their hands.

Is all money paid, allowed, or expended by the Board, set forth in the Discharge ?—-All, except Payments as above.

has the Amount of Taxes increased of late?—They increase Annually.

What is the Amount of the Floating Debt?—About £. 14,521.3. 5 J.

What is the Annual Loss on uncolle&ed Taxes for the last year 1801, and the average of the last three years?—We will fend in the Account; it is to be found in the Rentals, whence they must be taken.

Is there any, and what check on the Collectors Returns?—Yes, by Check Books, Rental Books, and Quarterly Affidavits.

Are Collectors or Officers changed so as to check each other; how long has Mr. Panel been Collector at North Side ?—Whenever they fee occasion they change; Mr. Farrell has been about nine years.

What check have you on your Rental books?—Not any but change of Officers, and Original book, and reports of Collectors.

Are the Officers sworn to their Reports?—Collectors are sworn; hat inferior Officersrare not sworn as to their Certificates.

Do you take Securities?—We take Securities from Collectors and Treasurer only.

Are there any Officers appointed to employments difficult to execute together?—Not unless the Board thinks they can be done properly together.

Do all Officers bearing commissions, and Persons doing duty, appear under the toad of Establishment?—No; the persons who do duty are not on the Estabhshment, nor are the Collectors of Taxes, who pay them 1 elves,.or the Chief Inspector of Globes, who are paid partly by 1toes in the peiiod of this Account.

Contracts are all given to the bed bidder; the Contrails are all drawn so finer, that the Board does not conceive they can be generally fulfilled, but are drawn so for the purpose of having the Contractor* more under controul.

Wc think the Contractors do the Works tolerably well; but we have been more lenient as to fining them, on account of the flow mode of payment, the Board being in their debt considerably.

As the City increases, the Funds do not increase in the proportion of their Expences.

Monday, 21ft March 1803.

PresentMr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

This Day the following Letter and Statement was received from the Accountant to the Foundling Hospital.

Sir,

I have according to your desire, examined the book for the collection of the Second Division of the Paving Tax, for the year ending the 25th of March 1802, and compared it with the books of the Foundling Hospital Tax, and I find, that at the conclusion of the collection for that year several Houses appeared (over and above the general Class of uninhabited and insolvent I loufes) to remain in arrear for one year's Paving Tax; due the 25th of March 1801, which had, previous to the 24th of June 1802, discharged the Foundling Hospital Tax due the 24th of June 1801; viz.

' In the Parish of St. Mary - - - * £. 220 11 9

St. Thomas - - - 107119

St. George - - - 70 4 3

£-398 7 9

And also, at the conclusion of the coll eclion of the said year, ending the 25th of March 1802, several Houses appeared to remain in arreat* for 'the second year's Paving Tax due the 23th of March 1800, which Houses had discharged the Foundling Hospital Tax due by them up to the 24th June 1802. The following Sums appear to have been loft thereby, over and above the loss fullained by such uninhabited and insolvent Houses as have neither paid the Foundling Hospital nor Paving Tax.

In the Parish of St. Mary - - - po 7 9

St. Thomas - - - 47 16 3

St. George - - - - 21 7 6

£. 149 11 6

tn these Statements I have not included the several Public Buildings, or Warehouses, Stables, &c. subject to Paving Tax, which are not rated for the Foundling Hospital Tax, having confined myself to the comparative inspection of the Arrears of Dwelling-houses Hated in the book for the two years ending the 25th of March 1802.

I remain, Sir,

Jervis-street, Your moil obedient humble Servant,

21ft March 1803. John Hendrick.

Robert Langri/he, Esq.

SfC. 4§c. 4 c.

Friday, 23U1 March 1803.

Present: — Mr. Herbert, Mr. Magenis,

Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

This day the Account of the Directors and Commissioners of Paving, &c. for one year, from the 5th of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802, was finally passed, and signed.

Tuesday, 29th March 1803.

Present*Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cane, Mr. Barry, Mr. King.

TTiis day the Commissioners of Account signed thiee copies of their 28th Report, and ordered the fame, together with an engrossed Account, to be sent to Mr. Marfden, in order to their being presented to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, and both Houses of the Imperial Parliament; pursuant to Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That all the Books and Papers now in this Office belonging to the Paving Board be returned.

(A true Copy.)

Account Office, Rob. Langrj/he, Secretary.

16th May 1803.

N. B. No fur.

therPiOC«dingi were h>d "pon this subject tint* the abo?«

APPENDIX.

No. 1.

ARTICLES of AGREEMENT indented, made, concluded, and agreed upon, the twenty-second day of Chtober in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, Between the Directors and, Commissioners for Paving, Cltanjing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin of the one part, and Henry Peters, of Clare-lane in the City of Dublin, Pavior, of the other part (in pursuance of a Resolution entered into by the said Directors and Commissioners, at a Meeting held on the above twenty-second day of October, agreeable to Notice in the public Papers.

THESE PRESENTS witness, That the said Henry Peters, for and in consideration of the Payments, Covenants, and Agreements herein after mentioned, on the part and behalf of the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, to be made, done, and performed.

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix

953

doth by these Presents for'himself, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, contract, promise, and agree to and with the said Directors and Commithoners, and their Successors, that he the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and will, under the inspection and direction of the Supervisor of the said Directors and Commissioners for the time being, or other person acting under them, according to the present lection of the several Streets and Places mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or according as the lame shall or may be altered and laid down, by and with the approbation of the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, or any four or more of them, well and sufficiently pave, or cause to be paved with good round or pebble stones of not more than six inches, or lei's than three inches diameter, except in the Channels, or within two feet of the Channels, in said Streets and Places, to be laid in abed of found, fresh, and well-screened gravel of lour inches depth at the least, and not in the old bed or foil, which the said Henry Peters doth hereby for himself, his Executors, Admini-ilrators, and Assigns, covenant, promise, andengage to remove and carry away, and to replace the lame with fresh, even, and well-screened gravel, the Carriage-ways of the several Streets and other Places mentioned in the Schedule heicunto annexed, and according to the measurement in said Schedule also mentioned; and shall and will constantly thereafter, during the term and space of one year, to be computed from the twenty-ninth day of September last, well and sufficiently preserve and maintain the fame in good order, and sufficient repair and condition. And that the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Admini-llrators, and Assigns, shall and will, at the expiration of this his Contract, leave the said several Streets and Places in good and lufti-cient repair, order, and condition, to be approved of by the said Directors or Commissionei s, or Supervisor, or other Officer belonging to the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successiors: And the said Henry Peters doth for himself, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, promise, and agree to and ,v\ith the said Di-reiftors and Commissioners, and their Successors, that he the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Admjntltrators, and Alhgns, shall and will, during the said term, supply iuilicient filling fluff and materials for the said Works respectively, and shall and will clear away and carry oil all rubbish and superfluous fluff from off the fame, as the work goes on. And the said Directors and Comriiissioners, by virtue of the several powers and authorities in them veiled, and for and in ronlideration of the Covenants and Agreements beiein contained on the part and behalf of the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be done, performed mid kept, do lor themselves, and their Successors, hereby covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Alhgns, that be the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, well and truly performing the said Works in manner aforesaid, and fulfilling the several Covenants and Agreements on their part to bedoneand performed, according to the true intent and meaning of these Presents, shall have, receive, and be paid by. the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, by their order, at the times herein after mentioned, during the c- ntinuance of this Contract, out of the funds appointed ior payment thereof, the sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Pounds fierling per annum, to be paid in manner herein mentioned; that is to lay, one quarter thereof at the end of every six months during the continuance of this Contract, and at the expiration thereof, the Balance which, upon settlement of Accounts, shall appear to be due to him; the first quarter’s payment to be made in six months from the 1’aid twenty-feeond day of October: Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby mutually agreed determined by and between the said Parties, That no part of the said sums shall be paid or payable, until it shall appear, by the Affidavit or Certificate of the Supervisor, or of such other person or persons as shall be appointed by any four or more of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, that the paving, repairing, and amending the said several Streets, Lanes, and Places in said Schedule mentioned, is well and effectually performed and executed, and, at the expiration of this Contract, that the Pavements thereof are in good order and condition, and on the level which now is, or which, during the continuance hereof, shall be approved of as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of these Prefen ts; but that in such case the payment of what shall be due shall be postponed until the same shall be put in good and complete order, and formed on the fame level. And it is hereby further declared and agreed upon, That if it shall happen that the paving, tepairing, or amending of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, in said Schedule mentioned, shall not be completed and constantly kept up and maintained during the said term, in such good and sufficient order, condition, and repair; or, at the expiration of this Contraft, they shall not be delivered up in good repair and condition, and on such level as before mentioned, that then and in such case, if the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not, within two days after notice thereof given by the said Directors and, . Commissioners, or their Successors, or any of their Officers, or Person afling by their directions, to the said Henry Peters, his Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, or left at his or any of their usual place

Vo L.$8.

of abode, pave, repair, or amend any defers therein, or on said level; dr it the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not fulfil all the Covenants herein contained to be kept find performed on Ids and each of their parts, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Commissioners, of their Successors, to employ such person and persons as they shall think proper, to pave, repair, and amend the fames and to deduct any sum, not exceeding treble the expence thereof, out of whatever sum or sums of money shall or may be payable to the said Ilenrv Peters, his Execdtofs, Administrators, or Assigns, by virtue of these Prelents, or otherwise; and in case there shall not be due and payable to the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, so much money as may be sufficient to pay the same, that then arid in such case the said Henry Peiers doth hereby for himself, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, promise, and agree to pay unto the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, out of their own private money, so much as, together with what Audi be due to them, will amount to a sum not exceeding treble whatsoever sum or lums of money shall have been expended on Inch repairs. And it is hereby declared, That the said Henry Peters, his Executors or Administrators, shall not at any time hereafter transfer, alien, assign, or dispose of these Presents, without the previous consent of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any four or more of them; and in case of any such alienation, assignment, or transfer, without such consent as aforesaid, that then these Presents, and every Clause and Covenant herein contained on the part and behalf of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Sffccessors, shall be Void, at the1 election nevertheless of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors; And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed upon, by and between all the said Parties, That he the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall receive and be entitled unto, during the continuance of this Contract, such sum and sums of money as shall or may be allowed by Law for repairing of all breaches of the Pavement which shall be made in any of the Streets and Places included in the before-mentioned Schedule, pursuant to licence of said Directors and Commissioners, as also all such sums of money which shall or may be paid by the Pipe-water Committee, of breaches made or to be made for the purpose of repairing or examining the Mains or Pipes.—And, for the due performance of the several Covenants, herein contained on the part and bt naif of the said Henry Peters, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be kept, done, and performed, the said Henry Peters hath executed one Bond or Obligation, bearing equal date herewith, unto the said Directors and Commissioners, in the penal sum of Two Hundred Pounds sterling, conditioned for the true and faithful observance and performance of all and every the Covenants on their part herein contained. In witness' whereof four of the said Directors and Commissioners have subscribed their names, and cauled their Common Seal to be affixed, as the act of the said Corporation; and the said Henry Peters hath hereunto set his hand and leal, the day and year first before written.

-----Burgh.

Signed, sealed, and delivered, Fdwd Leahy.

in presence of James Ormsby.

T//o* GladwlL

Henry Peters. (Seal.)

SCHEDULE of Third Division, to which the within Contract refers:

Fleet-lane

Moss-street I.uke-street Mark-street White s-lane

Sir John llogcrfon’s and City Quays Holies-ft reet Hamilton’s-row Cumberland-street South Town fen d-street, from Mark-* street to end of Pavement

Stocking-lane Harcourt-place Denzill-streel Welt laud-row

Fleet-alley

George s-street, to the Quay

Gloucester-street

Tennis-Court-lane

Sprin g-G arden-lane

Park-place

Fleet-market

Poolbeg-street-

No. 2

£‘ 9.

255 14

The Right honourable and Honourable Direrfors arid Commissioneri for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin,

t To Henry Peters, Dr.

1801.

March i(L To One Quarter's Contract for Paving and A keeping in Repair the Upper Part of the f Third Division, due the first of December f last, and payable this day -

I certify, That the above Corrtraft i$, in general, in good condition. 2d March 1801. Lucius Kenny*

I certify, That the part paved in the Fourth Division by Mr. Peters is now in tolerable good order in respect of Paving.

March. 5th 1801. Ja* White*

H L /—> Anodunt

Appendix (No. 43., 2 40 Mail

continued.

Amount

954

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix*

No. 2.—continued.

[No. 43.) Amount brought over - -£.255 14 g

* 1801.

24° Mcily February 4th. Paid on Account by Bill at 5 months £.100

continued - - D° - - Paid on Account by Bill at 5 mouths £-100

----- 2oo — —

• 801.

March 7th. Paid on Account -

£• 55 14 8

Sand Greenef

Infpr of Accounts.

- - - 15-----

14th. Paid on Account -

£.40 14 8

QO-----

£.10 14 8

No. 3.

The Right honourable and Honourable Directors and Cmtiraiffi oners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin,

To Henry Peters, DT.

1801.

June id. To One Quarter's Contract for Paving and^\ £. s. d-keeping in Repair the Upper Part of the f . g Third Divifmn, «kie the lft of March last, f °° and payable this day - - - - J —- - ■

Sami Greene,

Infpr of Accounts.

I certify. That the Upper Part of Third Division is in good* order. 4th June i 801. And*> Gormlcy.

I do hereby certify, That the Streets lately taken from the Third, and added to the Fourth Division, and held in Contract by Mr. IJ. Peters, is now in tolerable good order, in respect to the Pavement.

June 4th 1801.

Amoun

1801.

May 30th. Paid on Account June 6th. Paid on - D# 13th. Paid on - D° loth. Paid on - D°

Ja* White.

£.255 8

50 — *

£•205 14 8

50 •

£>55 8

5® — —

£• 105 H 8

40 — —

£■65 *4 8

No. 4.

The Right honourable and Honourable the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin,

To Henry Peters, Dr.

1801.

March 25th. To One Quarter s Contract for Paving,"') £. s. d. Repairing, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets in the Lower Part of the r* ^5 — Third Division, due the 25th of De-cemr last, and payable this day -

I certify. That that part of the Third Division is in tolerable good repair.

2d April 1801. James Elliot.

9th April i8*i, Sami Greene,

Infp* of Accounts.

No. 5.

The Right honourable and Honourable Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin,

To Henry Peters, Dr.

1800.

December 95th. To One Quarter’s Contract for Paving % £. s. d.

and keeping in Repair the Lower f ^__________

Part of the Third Division, due the

29th of Sept* last, and paid this day J

1 certify, That part of the Third Division under my care, is, in general, in tolerable good order.

27th February 1801. James Elliot.

* Amount brought down - £-65 —■ —

1800.

December 20th. Paid on Account by Bill at 6 months 50-----

*7lh February 1801.

Sand Greeher

Infpf of Accounts.

No. 6.

ARTICLES of AGREEMENT, indented, made, concluded, and agreed upon this thirtieth day of August, in the yeat of our Lord one thousand eight hundred. Between the 'Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, of the one part, and Hairy Weft ray, of Jame&’s-street in the said City, Tanner, and William Clarke, of North King s-street in the said City, Brewer, of the other part (in performance of an Agreement entered into between the said Parties at a Meeting of said Directors and Commissioners on the above day, for receiving Proposals for Lighting the Streets of Dublin, pursuant -to notice in several of the public Papers).

THESE PRESENTS witness, That the said Hemy Weftray and William Clarke, for and in consideration of the sums of money herein after covenanted to be paid to them, their Executors, Administrutors, or Afilgns, by the said Directors and Commissioners, or by their Successors, Do hereby for tliemlelves, their and each of their Executory, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant* contract, promjfe, and agree, to and with the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Succel-fors, in manner and form following; (that is to say) First, That they the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, and Aftlgns, shall and will, for and during the space and term of two years, to be computed from the first day of September next, at their own proper Costs and Charges, cause and procure one Burner with two Lights or Spouts, of the size, form, and fashion of the Pattern kept in the Office of the Secretary to the said Directors and Commissioners, marked (A.) in all and every of the Lamps or Globes, which, by Order of the said Directors and Commissioners now are, or which at any time hereafter during the continuance of this Contract, by the Order of them, or their Successors, shall be ere#ed in all or any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Quays, Bridges, Yards, Courts, Alleys, public Passages and Places, situateia the City of Dublin or County of the said City, or within the County of Dublin (within the limits of the Circular or Environ R6ad) to be from time to time duly supplied with sufficient quantity of good Cotton Wick, composed of not less than twenty threads, and with Spermaceti or other vifeous Oil, and shall keep three threads of said Wick constantly lighted, and affording a clear and full light during said term, from Sun-setting until Sun-rising; and in said time shall once, or oftener if ne» cessary, in every night, cause the said Wick to be properly snuffed with Snuffers, and trimmed, foas to afford a clear, full, and distin# light*, and shall and will during the time and term aforesaid, at their own proper Costs and Charges, maintain, support, and keep in good order, all and every of the said Lamps or Globes, and the Tin Heads, Rims, and Burners, of the fame size, form, and weight with the Pattern Globe (which weighs three pounds) now in the said Secretary*s Office, and marked (B.) and also with a Burner of the size, form, and fashion with the said Pattern Burner, marked (A.) such and so many of them as shall be taken away, broken, or otherwise damaged; and shall and will at the expiration of said term, or sooner determination thereof, leave all and every of the said Lamps or Globes whole and unimpaired, and the Tin Heads, Rims, Burners, and other Furniture thereunto belonging, in good and sufficient repair, order, and condition, and of the fame size, weight, form, and fashion with the said Pattern Globe and Burner, or in default thereof, the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke do hereby for themselves, their and each of their Executors, Administrutors, or Assigns, covenant, promise, and agree to pay the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, any (urn not exceeding the sum of Five Shillings and Four Pence for each and every Lamp or Globe, Tin Head, Rim, Burner, or other Fumithre, which shall be proved before the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any three of them, to be out of Repair, and which shall not have been replaced as before-mentioned within twenty-four hours after any of them have been stolen or taken away, or which shall not be in good and sufficient Order and Repair at the end or other sooner determination of this Contract.— Secondly, That the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and will, for and during the time aforesaid^at the like Costs and Charges, provide and employ one or more Person or Persons in every Parish for trimming, cleansing, and due lighting of the said Lamps or Globes, who shall attend at the Watch House of each Parish within the limits of the Circular Road every night in Winter, from the time the Lamps or Globes shall or ought to be lighted until the hour of four o'clock in the morning, and in the Summer, from such time until two-o'clock in the morning, and shall go twice at leaf! within said time with his or their Ladders and Oil Pots, and dress, trim, and re-light every Lamp or Globe under his or their care which may require the fame, or which any Person shall find extinguished or burning dim; and that for neglect in providing such Person or Persons, or as often as it shall happen that such Person or Persons so to be employed shall absent himself or themselves from the Watch House to which he of they shall be appointed, except when going hit or their Rounds; or shall be negl£#ful of any part of his or their duty; or as often hfl it shall happen that both or either of the lights of any of the said Lamp*

or

43 Geo. III. Appendix* 955

4

h

X

A

to

■-J

Or

X»

51

r.

:r

•j£

-y

si

i?

-3

!|tf

S*

,;-:5i

(>•*

,»J

j}.;

its*

or Globes shall be extinguished, or ftmll afford a glimmering or dull light, when (according to the true intent and meaning hereof) the lame ought to have a full and clear light, that, upon the like proof thereof being made, they the said Henry Weftrav and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and will forfeit and pay to the said Directors and Commissioners, towards the Funds of said Corporation, any sum of money not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every neglect in providing, such Person or Persons, and for each and every time such Person shall be absent from said Watch House (save as aforesaid) and also for each and every Lamp or Globe which iha.ll be so proved to be extinguished, rlr not kept constantly and properly lighted as aforesaid.—Thirdly, That as often as the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Person or Persons to be employed by them, shall neglect well and properly to tleanlc or cause to be cleansed all and every the said Lamps or Globes, and Burners therein, that upon like proof thereof, the said Henry Wellray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Admin i ft rators, and Assigns, shall and will forfeit and pay to the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, towards the Funds aforesaid, any fuin not exceeding the sum of One Shilling for each and every Lump or Globe, or Burner therein, which shall be neglected to be cleansed, or wThich shall be found dirty; and the further sum of One Shilling per day for every day such Lamp or Globe, or Burner therein, shall be neglected to be clpanfed.—Fourthly, That if at any time during the continuance of this Contract, it shall appear to the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any three of them, that the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or the Person or Persons to be employed by them, or any of them, hath or have omitted or negieded to perforin all or any of the Covenants or Agreements hereinbefore contained, according to the true intent and meaning hereof, that in every such cale they the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any three of them, tnay employ such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to execute the fame: And the said Henry Wellray and William Clarke do hereby for themselves, their and each of their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, covenant, promise, and agree to pay to the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, all such Costs and Charges as they have thereby been put to, over and above the Fine or Fines which tnay have been incurred by the said Henry Wellray and William Clarke, their and e.-h of their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, Or any of them, for not keeping the several Globes or Lamps, and Burners, well lighted, cleansed, and in good order, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.—Fifthly, That as often as the said Henry Wellray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or the Person or Persons to be employed by them, or any of them, shall use or futVcr to be used in any of the said Lamps or Globes any Wicks composedof less than twenty threads of cotton (three threads at leaf! of which Wick are to be constantly lighted during the time before-mentioned) or any Globe, Lamp, or Head, or any Burner or Burners, which shall not be of the fame lize, weight, pattern, or faffiion with those kept as a specimen in the Office of the Secretary as aforesaid, the said Henry Weft ray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and will forfeit and pay to the said Directors and Couv missioners, or their Successors, towards the Fund aforesaid, any sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every time such Wick, Burner, Globe, Lamp, or Head shall have been used.—Sixthly, The said Henry Weftray and William Clarke do hereby for themselves, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant and agree with the said Directors and Commissioners, that they or their Successors, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any three of them, shall and may, at any hour in the day, during the continuance of this Contract, insped and examine the Oil belonging to the said llenry Weftrav and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in order to fee whether it is fit and proper for the public Globes or Lamps; and if it shall be, by the Report of the Person or Tei fniis so to be appointed, that said Oil, or any quantity of it is not lit for Inch use, and if after Notice thereof given to the said llenry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or left at the House or Houses of either or any of them, they or any of them shall make use of it in any of the public Globes or Lamps, that in such case they shall forfeit and pav to the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, towards the Funds of said Corporation, any sum not exceeding Five Shillings for each and every Globe or Lamp in which such bad Oil has been uled after such Notice, or Ten Pounds sterling for each and every night in which the fame has been so used, at the option of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any three of them.—And lastly, The said Henry Weftray and William Clarke do hereby for them, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, proinife, and agree to and with the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, that they the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and will, during the continuance of this Contract, well and truly pay

or c&ufe to be paid unto the order of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, towards the Funds of this Corporation, all such sum and sums of Money as shall be imposed on them, either or any of them, os a Fine or Fines, pursuant to the terms of this Contract, within six days after the same shall be imposed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. And the said Directors and Commissioners for themselves, and their Successors, do hereby covenant, promise, contract, and agree to and with the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that they, duly keeping, executing, and performing all and every the Articles and Agreements herein contained on their part, to be kept, executed, and performed, they the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, shall and will well and truly pay or cause to be paid unto the said Henry Weftrav and William Clarke, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the Funds of the said Corporation, dunng the term aforesaid, for trimming, lighting, cleansing, and keeping in repair the said Lamps or Globes in manner aforesaid, ami for all materials and things to be used therein, and for all incidental or other claims or expences relating thereto, at and after the rate of One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny per annum for each and every public Lamp or Globe which he or they shall have lighted, or shall light, cleanse, and keep in repair, within the limits, and during the term aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning hereof; which sum of One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny per annum, includes the Bounty of Three Pence per week for each score Globes or Lamps which the said Directors and Commissioners have allowed to the Lamplighters these two years last past and upwards, in consequence of the extraordinary high price of Provisions; which Bounty the said Directors and Commissioners do hereby reserve to themselves, and their Successors, a power of discontinuing at any time they shall think fit, and which the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke do hereby for themselves, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, promise, and agree to allow them to dedud out of their respective Payments; the first Payment to be made on the first day of March, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, when one-half of the Balance which shall appear due to them upon the settlement of Accounts shall then be paid, after which time, one-half of the Balance which shall in like manner appear due to them, shall be paid on the first day of June, first day of September, and first day of December in each year, during the said term of two years, commencing from the first day of September next, at the end or expiration whereof the whole or remaining Balance shall be then paid and cleared off.—And, lastly, it is agreed on by and between all the said Parties, that the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, at any time during the continuance of this Contract, may increase or diminish the number of Public Globes which are now kept up within their Jurisdiction, at their discretion, and shall pay at the rate aforesaid for all such as shall be lighted by their orders, and for no more.—And, for the true performance of all and singular the Covenants, Articles, and Agreements hereinbefore mentioned and contained on the part and behalf of the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke, their and each of their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be paid, done, performed, fulfilled, and kept, they the said Henry Weftray and William Clarke have perfected their joint and several Bond, with Warrant of Attorney, bearing equal date with these Presents, to the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, for the sum of Two Thousand Pounds sterling lawful Money of Ireland.—In witness whereof Thomas Kingsbury and Tho* mas, Burgh, Esquires, two of the said Directors, and Hugh Henry Mitchell and William John Alexander, Esquires, two of the said Commissioners, have hereunto subscribed their Names, and caused their common seal to be affixed hereto. And the said Hemy Weftray and William Clarke have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year first before written.

• Thomas Kingsbury.

Tho* Burgh.

H. H. Mitchell

Wm John Alexander.

Signed, sealed, and delivered,

in the presence of f Henry Weftray. (Seal.)

Tb Glad-well f

Simon Brigly. ) W* Clarke. (Seal.)

Appendix (No. 43. a4°

confirmed.

No. 7.

ARTICLES of AGREEMENT, indented, made, concluded, and agreed upon this first day of October in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, Between the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, of the one part, and John Gold, of Baggot-street in the City of Dublin, of the other Part THESE PRESENTS witness, That in consideration of the Payments and Agreements herein after mentioned, on the part and behalf of the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, to be made and performed, the said John Gold, for himsel& his Executors,

956 Appendix* 1803.

ppendix, .. . Administrators, and Assigns, Doth hereby covenant, contrail, promise, * ()* 43*/ and agree to and with the said Directors and Commissioners, and their 4* Matls Successors, that in* the said John Gold* his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and will, for and during the term and space of one :onti*Ued. year, to be computed from the said first day of October, at his or — their own proper Costs and Charges, well and effectually sweep and cleanse, or cause to be well and effectually swept and cleansed, two days at the least in every week, or oltener (if the same shall be necessary) during the said term, all and every Street, Square, Lane, Alley, Yard, Court, Quay, Bridge, Market, and paved PalVage within the City, County of the City, and County of Dublin, lying within the limits of the Circular Load, contained in Lot N°ten, and mentioned in the Docket which is lignod by the said John Gold, and is hereto annexed; and the Dirt, Filth, and Dung there found, with ltaunch and sufficient Carts, Horses, and Labourers, immediately remove, or cause to be removed and carried away to convenient Places beyond the said Road, fy that the same shall not be any annoyance or nuisance to the Public; and that he the said John Gold, his Executors, Admini-llrators, or Assigns, shall and will, during the term aforesaid, lweep, and immediately carry a way, or cuufe to be swept and immediately carried away to such Places, two days at the least in every week, or oftener, (if the same shall be neceflury) between the hours ot eleven O’clock at night and iix o’clock in the morning, all Dull, which, (luring the continuance of dry weather, may happen to be in any of the said Streets or other Passages, and shall and will, during the said term, clear, or cause to be cleared and kept clear, the several Grates which arc placed over the Sewers in the said Streets or other Passages; and also shall and tv ill clear, or cause to be cleared and kept clear of Ice or Snow, the Channels of the said several Streets or Passages, in order that the water may have a free putUige through them. And further, that he or they shall and will, in all things do, or cause to be done, the said Work of a Scavenger, during the said term, according to the true intent and meaning of these Presents. And the said John Gold doth hereby, for himself, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, covenant, promise, and agi*ce to and with the said Directors and Com-inillioneis, and their Successors, that if he the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or the Person or Persons who shall be employed by him or them, shall sweep or collect more Dirt, Dung, or Dust, than can be carried away di redly; or shall fail or neg-led to sweep twice in every week rthe said Streets and other Places, and to carry away from thence the Filth, Dirt, Dung, and Dust thereof, as soon as the same shall be swept together, and whillt the said Filth and Dirt is wet; or to clear the Channels of Ice or Snow, and the Sewer Grates in laid Streets and Passages, in such manner, and at such time and times, and as often as the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any four of them, shall judge necessary, or as is hereby directed and agreed upon to be done, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to be authorized by the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, or any four ' of thern, to cause the same to be done, and to dedud out of the Wages which shall be due to the said John Gold, his Executors, Administra-tors, or Afiigr.s, such sum or buns of moneyas to the said Directors and Commissioners, or to their Successors, <*r any four of them, shall feera meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings for each Cart Load of Dirt, Dung, Filth or Dust, which shall be lb carried away, and the like Sum of Five Shillings for every day in dry weather; and for each wnd every of said Streets or Passages in winch the Dust shall be swept together, and futlered;to remain for anytime, or shall be carried away from thence (except between the hours of eleven o’clock at night amd.iix o’clock in the morning); and the further sum of Five Shillings per day for each of laid Streets or Passages, the said Sewer Grates or Channels of which shall not be cleared as aforesaid. And the said John Gold doth further covenant, promise, and agree to pay to the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, such sum or iums of money as they, or any four of them, shall think meet, not exceeding Five Shillings for each and every Street or public Passage in said Lot N° ten; and for each and every time that he the said John Gold shall sweep or cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleanied, any of the said Streets or public Passages, without having one or more Cart or Carts therein, which shall take and carry away, immediately alter sweep-ing, all the Dirt or Dust of such Street or public Passage. And it is hereby declared, by and between the Parties aforesaid to be the true intent and meaning hereof, that if any Streets and other paved Passages, which are situate within the limits of the said Lots, should happen not to he mentioned in said Lift, that nevertheless they shall be considered and taken as annexed to and included therein, and shall be swept and cleansed by the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as well and effectually, in such manner, and under such Penalties as are hereinbefore mentioned, relative to the Streets and other Passages therein contained. And the said Directors and Commissioners, for thcniselves and their Successors, do hereby authorize and empower the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all Persons to be employed by him or them for that purpose, to’ remove and carry away from time to time, during the said term, all Heaps of llorfe Dung which shall be laid in any Stable Lane within the limits of this Contract, and to convert the same to his or their own use. And the said Directors and Commissioners, for themselves and their Successors, do hereby covenant, promise, contract, and agree to and with the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, that he or they duly keeping, executing, and performing all and every the Articles, Covenants, and Agreements herein contained, on his or their part, to he kept, executed, and performed, they the said Directors and Commissioners, or their Successors, shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the continuance of this Contract, the sum of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds per annum, to be paid Quarterly; that is to say, on every first day of January, first day of April, first day of July, and first day of October in said year. Provided always, and it is the true intent and meaning of these Presents, and of the Parties hereto, that the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall not be entitled to receive any part of said Quarterly Payments, if it shall appear to the said Corporation, within ten days after the expiration of each Quarter, by a Certificate of the Supervisor, or other Officer belonging to it, verified by Affidavit, that the several Streets or other Passages comprised or intended to be comprised in this Contrail, and the Sewer Grate* thereof, are not in dean order and condition; but that in every such case the said Payment shall be postponed until the same shall be effectually cleansed. And, for the true performance of all and singular the Covenants, Articles, and Agreements hereinbefore mentioned and contained, on the part and behalf of the said John Gold, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and every of them, to be done, performed, fulfilled, and kept, he the said John Gold doth hereby bind himself, his Ileirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and each and every of them, to the said Directors and Commissioners, and their Successors, in the fnm of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds sterling lawful Money of Ireland.—In Witness whereof four of the said Directors and Commissioners have hereunto subscribed their names, and caused their common seal to be affixed as the Act of said Corporation; and the said John Gold hath hereunto set his hand and seal, the day and year first before written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered, in the presence of f’h' GladwelL 'Thomas Kingsbury. Thomas Burgh. H. H. Mitchell. JVm John Alexander. John Gold. (Seal.)

John White.

43 Geo. IlL

Appendix*

957

ACCOUNTS respecting the Trade and Navigation of Ihelahd, for the Year ending Fifth*of January 1^03.

(A mmi minM !#- ■*- . —.

ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS ffOm.tuRLANi),. in the Year ending tire 5th January 1803; distinyuiiliing the Value of Irjfh Produce and Manufactures Exported: Together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Real Value of trish Produce and Manufactures Exported.

Appendix*

(No. 44.)

6° Apriiis.

■ - | »■ 1 «», _ — Official Value. Real Value.

f Irish Produce and ManUfactures *->*i* jr. «. d. 4,876,07° 19 8J £■ »• d-8^76,817 1S 9

EX POETS< L Foreign Articles •...-.•a.. 212,208 17 li{ ' —

IMPORTS - a * * 4 A 4 * m 4 % 6,°87i74i 1 —

Inspector General’s Office, 7

Dublin, iff April 1803. 3 Marshall.

A k ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Built and Registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1803. 26° Julii.

NUMBER:

of AMOUNT of TONNAGE.

VESSELS. 1

37 2*3*4 •I 1 1 'I

It lit April ;tfc3* Fra* L., Mtfgah. Depj Reg' General tjf Shipping. I

_An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS* with the Amouilt of their Tonnage, arid Number of Men and Boy*

usually employed in Navigating the lame* which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland, on the 30th September 180*.

SHIPS. TONS, MEN and B OYS.

• 56,510 5,«>58

*Jft April i8cj*

Fra3 L. Morgan%

T)ep7 RegT General of Shipping.

if lU

985

Appendix i

■ A, 1803.

Appendix, (No. 44.)

2 6* Julii,

continued.

(4.) Ireland.—An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS*, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Wn and Boys Ireland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1802 and the 5th of January 1803: Dmmguiihtng

COUNTRIES from which INVOICED.

W

04

o

0*

D

U

Denmark and Norway - -

Russia

Sweden -

Eait Country -

Germany -

Holland -

Flanders -

France -

Portugal -

Madeira -

Spain -

Canaries -

Stremhts and Gibraltar - -

Italy -

Turkey -

Venice -

Total Foreign Europe - -

England -Scotland -IfleofMan ---of Alderney

— Belle -

— of Guernsey

— of Jersey -Greenland

Total British Europe - -

New England -New York -New Providence Pensylvania -Virginia and Maryland - -

Carolina (North and South) Georgia -

Total States - * - -

Hudson’s Bay Newfoundland Quebec Nova Scotia Bermuda -

U

~ I

4

s

Total Colonies

Anguilla -Antigua -Barbadoes Cape Breton Jamaica -Monti Chrish -Mont Serat Nevis St. Kitts -Tortola -West Indies in general - -

Total British West Indies -

Martinique -

St. Eullatia -

Surinam -Trinidad -

Total Conquered Islands -

Cuadaloupe -

St. Croix -St. Thome -

Total Foreign West Indies ^■Honduras Bav -

# GENERAL ABSTRACT; viz. Total of ail EuVope -

-----— Asia -

-----— New Holland 7

-----(N. S. Wales) j ' ’

-----Africa -

Cape of Good Hope -----America

Total ol all Parts - -

INWARDS.

IRISH.

BRITISH.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships- Tons. Men. Ships. 'Ions. Men. | Ships. Tons. Men.

*4 3.650 199 176 25.367 1,322 189 33,135 1,994 389 62,152 3,515

33 5.»6i *93 1 *34 H 34 5.395 3;

11 1,146 77 81 10,t)Q2 799 9* 11,838 876

2 316 15 15,894 739 15 2,631 153 88 18,841 9o;

178 8 * - - - " 1 178 8

4 463 38 13 1.523 84 2 191 15 19 2.177 137

— - ■— — —

8 1,211 63 11 1,283 76 - 19 2.494 13?

27 2,980 196 29 2,778 191 18 1,719 161 74 7,477 548

2 34® 23 * - - - * l 17* 12 3 520 35

16 1,506 108 *4 2,676 176 5 38° 50 45 4,562 334

1 «7 6 3 286 17 1 96 8 5 469 3»

1 114 7 5 383 28 - - - - 6 497 35

1 73 6 7 888 51 1 154 8 9 1,115 65

— — — — " 7— 11 —

85 10,748 661 384 57,563 3,062 314 49,404 3»*14 784 117,715 6,937

758 53.854 3,610 4,077 39E428 22,252 3 596 39 4,838 445,878 *5,9i

506 26,153 2,200 i,245 74,616 5,636 - - - - h75i 100,769

10 306 37 45 1,539 1 til _ - - -. - 55 1,845 19s

, ——

3 101 14 15 963 80 - * e - 28 1,064 9'

4 I84 19 - - - - 4 184 lo

l»*77 80,414 5,861 5,386 468,730 28,148 3 596 39 f>,665 549,740 34,048

■ 9 1,305 78 9 1,305 7'

2 285 21 2 3*3 21 *5 4,016 208 *9 4,684 310

5 949 68 5 949 6,

1 310 15 2 333 17 5 1*143 64 8 1,786

4 625 40 4 625 4°

— — — — — ■— —

3 595 36 4 716 38 48 8,038 518 55 9,349 5f»‘

5 388 32 11 2 i,on 387 71 25 — — 16 2 1,399 387 103 *5

5 388 32 13 1,398 96 - - - 18 1,786 126

__ —

8 1,412 85 10 2,185 128 - - - 18 3,597 2i;<

4 599 46 1 152 8 - ~ - 5 75i 54

13 2,198 159 12 2,452 151 - - % . - - *5 4,65° 3iC

— 1 208 15 _ _ - 1 208 ,38 15

... - 1 238 12 - - - - 1 12

- - - - . 1 256 13 1 256 on*) G 2*'

2 392 23 - - 6 833 6l

4 +38 37 2 395 34 * "

3i 5*39 350 28 5,886 351 - - - 1 ' 59 10,925 >—L 1 701

6 917 61 10 1,411 103 _ - - 16 •2,328 164

— - — — __ —

— - — —■

6 917 61 10 1,411 103 - - - 16 2,328 164

— - — — j " 1 — i.

— - — — — 1 i ~

1 US 7 - — i 1 115 7

91,162 6,522 5,770 526,293 31, *10 317 50,000 5*53 ! 7,450 667,435 40,08: •2«

‘1 ’ — i. 'I * 1 5* 20 | 1 I - 522

— - — — - | i 1 ...

45 6,939 479 56 9,526 595 48 8,038 5 1S 1 1 IQ 1 / . 24.^3 1.59

1,408 98,101 7,001 5,826 535,819 31,805 366 58,560 3,791 69M&0 t:,59;

¥ O R E I G N.

GENERAL TOTAL

ui. ill! Vends

ENTERED INWARDS

’•-"■-Digit-i'Z-ed, by

M

'H

,u^u

V: u./•'

I*. V,;

:i'

i"*i

•: ' W\ , V

l/.u, '*

•I '■k:

., V'»

_ I — I '

* i M' m K*. *1

0. Uj 1

1. }

}-•

_ i -

_ I -

7;j

-! :J'

l* | >’•;

t *;1

! 1 G

~ !^-:

I1*

43 GrEOi XII*

Appendix.

959

employed in Navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which Entered Inwards and Cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Irish from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound.

>' , , ,;.C

COUNTRIES to which.' OUTWARDS. GENERAL TOTAL

1 IRISH. BRITISH. FOREIGN. 1 of all Vessels Cleared Outwards.

OUTVOICED. Ships. ' Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships: Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

•Denmark and Norway - _ 19 2,868 149 5« 10,862 537 151 28,gb<5 1,638 228 42,636 2*3*4 128

Iluflia * - 4 547 30 8 1,672 88 1 146 10 13 2,36$

l6 6 807 55 6 807

Fast Country - 2 241 >7 3.893 185 12 *,33^ 130 30 6,470 J J 33*

Germany - a 2 233 12 1 171 10 3 404 22

Holland - - - - 1 130 6 5 774 40 1 190 8 7 1,094 54

11 ariders - - — -— *— —- — 1 ——

France - - it 1,462 85 3 *99 17 ,9 1,505 86 *3 i$3 3,266. 188

Portugal - - 34 4*7*9 321 30 3*09* 194 59 8,763 577 16,584 1,092

Madeira .... <«- OO QO . «> 16 2 2 . 629 *5 2 629 25

Spain -Canaries - 10 1 56 4 1,604 »54 95 n 43 6,861 43* 69 3 9,352 238 583 15

*• Streighte and Gibraltar - - 13 1,114 75 5 418 30 1 113 7 19 1,645 112

w a* , Italy -Turkey - _ 3 ^3 17 1 94 6 2 372 21 6 696 44

c*' Venice ——

D til Total Foreiga Europe * 100 1*,5*5 772 144 22,862 1,203 288 50,799 2,999 53* 86; 186 1 4*974

England - - 630 48,436 3»>47 3.604 356,180 19*911 30 4,436 *39 4,264 409,052 23,297

Scotland - - 603 3°*9*4 2,800 1.173 76,531 5,55o 1 104 8 i*777 107,559 8,358

Isle of Man 28 675 108 53 1,659 187 " ~ - - 81 2,334 295

— of Alderney ——

— Belle - — - — . — ,

— of Guernsey - - 4 526 31 9 766 47 13 1,292 78

— of Jersey 1 74 7 1 74 7

Greenland - — — —— — — ' '■ " _ * —

Total British Europe - - 1*205 80,561 6,086 4,840 435,*io *5,7°* 31 4*54° 247 6,136 520,311 32,035

New England - 7 1,184 70 7 1,184 70

New York 762 18 3,204 194 18 3,204 194

New Providence 4 55 4 762 55

Penfvlvania 169 8 9 i,97i 127 9 i,97i 127

Virginia and Maryland - - 3 642 37 1 3 713 35 7 1,524 80

Carolina (North and South) - 1 M5 IO 2 366 21 3 511 31

Georgia - — — r —— — —

Total States - - - - 4 787 47 5 931 63 39 7,438 447 48 9,156 557

Hudson's Bay - * _ ——

Newfoundland - 3 276 18 30 3.55* 229 - 33 3,828 247

Quebec - - 2 347 15 1 120 8 - - - " 3 467 *3

Nova Scotia 1 72 6 - " - " 1 72 6

Bermuda - . —■

Total Colonies - - 5 623 33 3* 3,744 *43 ... - - 37 4,367 276

Anguilla - _ —— - — _ -

Antigua - - 8 1,202 81 4 744 4* - " " 12 1,946 1*3

< Barbadoes - 9 M68 81 3 47i 3* * ... * 12 1,939 *13

U Cape Breton - —

a-e Jamaica - - 10 1*543 100 44 13*131 722 54 14,674 822

PS , Monti Chrish - —

Mont Serat - 1 186 8 1 76 8 2 262 16

*r. Nevis - . — — — — """ — *— — —

< Sl Kitts - - - 9 2,087 122 9 2,087 124

Tortola - - 1 159 11 1,361 88 1 159 11

West Indies in general - - 6 953 51 6 * - " - 12 2,3H 139

Total British West Indies 35 5*5H 33* 67 17,870 1,014 - . - ... - - 102 23,381 1,346

Martinique 5 668 44 2 3* *5 - - 7 990 69

St. Kuliatia - — —~ — —

Surinam - — —

Trinidad - - 4 544 35 3 443 3* * •* "* 7 987 67

Total Conquered 1 Hands - 9 1,212 79 5 765 57 - - ... - - 14 1,977 136

Guadeloupe - — — ' ' —

St. Croix - — — 1 J

St. Thome - — — -— — *— -— —

Total Foreign West Indies — — — — —- — — - — —*■ — —

Honduras Bay - — — - ‘ —

CKNEUAL ABSTRACT: viz. 3,246 6,668 606,497

Total ol all Europe - - ‘.365 93,086 6,858 4.984 458,072 26,905 319 55,339 37*009

Alla *

-— New Holland ? OOa <2 880

• (N.S. Wales) J 2 00 0 110 1 186 12 1 10 12

186

Airica —Cape ol Coud Hope - '• '

’ - America - 53 8,133 49 > 109 *3*310 1,377 39 7*438 447 201 38,881 2,315

Total of all Parts - - , 1 1 | 1,418 101,219 7,349 5,095 482,262 28,392 359 62,963 3,705 6,872

Appendix, (No. 44.) 26° Julii,

continued.

960

Appendix*

A. 1803.

ippendix»

;No. 4^.)

6* Jprilis*

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES Remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on tint 5th January 1802, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the year ending the 5th January 1803, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service:—ill. Intereli on Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management, and the Sums applied to its Reduction.—odly. The Intereli on Exchequer Bills.— 3dlv.. fflifcs for Purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament prior to the Union.—4thly. Illiies from Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes. — 5tlilv. Civil List, PensionB, and other Permanent Charges.—6thly. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts.— 7tidy. The Ordnance.—Stilly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. For Regulars, Feneibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Camions; for Half Pay; for Widows Pentions; for Pay for Public Officers: Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army.—9thly. Miscellaneous Services: And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Money applied to any other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Ireland, from those which belong to it with Great Britain.

Heads of Expenditure.

•I. For Interest on the Funded Debt of Ireland, including Annuities for Lives and Terms of Years; also £. 1 per-Cont. for the Reduction of the Capital created by Loans since 1797 -

For Charge of Management thereon -

There was also Applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, the Annual Issue of -

a.

Whereof was Applied,*towards the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total on Account of Interest ——

Ditto, for Charge of Management - -

Ditto, on Account of the Reduction of the National Debt -

II. The I me rest on Exchequer Bills -

IH. Itlues for Purposes appointed determined by the Parliament of Ireland prior to the Union -

IV. I flues from Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes ......

£. *.

1.84^.317 — 3

67.635 * 4

i,909>952 8 7

464,198 16 7

1.445.753 12 — 14.556 15 8

464,198 16 7

f Civil List

V. < Pensions - . '

(. Other Permanent Charges

f-»—«

CS

o

•a

o

S

X

VI. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Re-

ceipts; viz.

Bounties -

Militia and Deserters Warrants -

VII. Ordnance *

V

MIL Army—Ordinary Service; viz.

Regulars Feneibles, Militia, Invalids, and \ oluntecr Corps _ ’

Barracks -

Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons -

Half Pay Officers, and Reduced Chaplains Officers Widows ...

Royal Hospital -

1iM-1«*

Extraordinary Services -f Miscellaneous Services

S X) M S.

d.

14.556 15 8

d.

TOTAL.

L- «•

i,924.59 4 3 91,768 6

2,212,628 3 8^ I

10,432 2 8

4,239,33716 7i

131,760 6 6U 118,076 4 8|

289,995 17 4J

539,832 8 7|

34.932 10 7 1,579 1 6

36,511 12 1 155,000-----

1,850,208 - 5 267,71a 18 x 45,085

23,703 8 aj 5,569 3 loj

38,142 4 8J

7,479 19 4j

2,237,901 7 aj 319,651 7 rod

2,557,552 15 —gj 288,701 ,7

H'-afuty chambers, Dublin

AP' il 1803.

Caftfe,

3,577,598 1« io|

£• I 7*816,936 9 6$

CavendiJ)}.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

961

Iiel&nd. An ACCOUNT of the Application of the Sum of £.54,166. 13. 4. Irish Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, to deli ay the Civil Contingent Charges for the Sendee of Ireland, for the Year 1802.

1802: January 25.

27.

July 6.

7*

14-

*1.

28.

Augud 4.

11.

18.

September 1.

15-

22.

October 6.

13.

20.

November 10

Major Gen. Sir Cha* Afgill, to defray Expences incurred by him by Order of Government, and not to be included in his Military Account -

Alex. Marl den, Llq. Under Secy Civil Department, to discharge sundry Accounts remaining due for Printing Work done by Order of Government, in the year 1800 -

Jno. Mincnm, Clerk of the Corn Market in Dublin, for making Returns, for One Year, to 29th September 1801, to Government -- - - . - _ _ _

Rt. Hon. Edind Hcnr Vifc* Limerick, Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, for Fees and Expences due to his Office, on occasion of issuing Writs to elect a Rep refen tat ive Peer of Ireland in the room of the late Lord Rolmore ——

Lord Bishop of Killala, towards defraying the Expence of repairing the Church of Eftney, in the County of Sligo, which was damaged during the Rebellion -

Revd W alter Bagot, Rector of Fonftown, County Kildare, for repairing the Church of said Parish, which was injured during the Rebellion -

Revd f orlter Archer, Inspector Gen1 of Prisons, to defray Expences incurred in the execution of his duty, and for extra trouble therein during the last year -

Under Secy Civil Department, for Subtifteiice of State Prisoners in the Cattle of Dublin, from 30th September 1801 to 31ft March 1802 -

Ditto, lor Medical Aihttance and for Medicines in the last Year, and for other Charges paid within the period before mentioned, on account of said Prisoners -

Vile1 Kilwarden, Chief Justice K.B.; VII’d Avonmore, Chief Baron Excheq.; and Lord Norbury, Ch. Just. Common Pleas; Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, from 6th February to 2itt April 1802 ----- £.821 18 4J

And Charges of the Commission 83 7 6J

Rt. Hon. Ix>rd Redefdale, Chancellor of Ireland, towards his Equipage and Preparation for said Office -

Maj. Gen. Morrison, commanding the Limerick DistrLd, for Maintenance and other Expences of Prisoners confined under the Insurrection Ad -

Ab. B. King, His Majesty s Stationer, in full of his Bill for Stationary, &c. delivered to several Public Otiices, lor Six Months, to 24 June 1S01 -

W'm Kcmmis, Esq. Clerk to the Prime Serjeant on latt Muntter Circuit -

Bernard Sliaw, Llq. Collector of Cork Port, Repayment of a like Sum advanced by him, by desire of the Lord Lieutenant, for Relief of a number of Persons who had taken their patt'age on board a Velliel from Liverpool for America, and who, from the state of the Vessel, were obliged to land at Passage, and were left there without means of support -

Lord Vifcr Kilwarden, C. J. King's Bench, to reimburse him alike Sum deduded from his Salary, for not having gone as Judge of Attize on the Leinster Circuit 1800, which he was prevented from doing, being appointed one of the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland Metfr# Jrnkinson and Freemantle, Resid* Sec* in London, being, with £.167. 7s. 9d. Brit, in full discharge of their Bill of Disbursements fdr the use of their Office, and by Order of this Government, iiom 29th September 1800 to the day when their Office was discontinued -

Sir Chu hr I'ortcfcue, L itter King at Arms, in lieu of a Silver Cup, to which he is entitled for proclaiming the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty, the French Republic, His Catholic Majesty, and the Batavian Republic ——

J110 Pairickibn, Esq. Depy Clerk of the Council, being, with £.126. 11 j. 3d. ittiied from Grant, &c. in full for Pottage of Letters and Newspapers for the use of the Council Office, from 25th March 1801 to 25 th March 1802 ——

Mrs. Mary Fotter, 1 louiekeeper II. of Lords, in full of her Account of Disbursements for the use of said House, from ill February 1801 to 29th April 1802 -

RcvJ Artli. Jocelyn W eldon, Rector of Killaban, Queen's County, towards repairing the Church of said Parish, which was damaged during the late Rebellion ——

Rob. Reeves, F.fq. Solicitor for the Forfeited Estates, Balance of his Account for Law Proceedings ltevd Doctor Troy, for rebuilding and repairing the following R. C. Chapels; viz.

Balhboglull ----- Co. Dublin - - -.- - -

Corrinakey ----- Leitrim -

Kilbrngan ----- Cork ——

Kilcoman ----- King's Coy -

Killilhandra ----- Co. Cavan ——

Stradbully ----- Queens Coy - - ‘

Edwd Parke, in full discharge of his Account for measuring and valuing the Materials of the Parliament House, and the Ground on which it Hands; and preparing Plans shewing the converlion of the Parliament House into Public Ofiices - -

Cap. Man. Niwin, of the Invalids, Allowcc from 10th December 1709 to 24th February 1802, during which time he had the Charge of, paid, and kept the Accounts of the State Prisoners confined at Carrickfergus Cattle -

Gov. and Co> of the Bank of Ireland, to be placed to the Credit of the Comm" of Board of W’oiks ——

A. B. King, with £. 1,136. 17s. 11 \d. issued from Grant for Printing, &c. is in full of his Bill for Printing the Journals and Indexes of the li. of Commons, and Binding 600 volumes of each Revd B. liawldhaw, j of Amount of Contributions for Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Taglmion ——

Edwd Stand iffi, Loan Clerk, to be paid over to the following Persons, for superny Attendance in his

Ottice; viz.

Mr. Topham ——

Mr. Palmer ——

Mr. Saunders -

Mr. Bruce ——

M r. T. Barber ——

Incidental Expences - -

Alex. Mai idea, Esq. Under Secy Civil Department, being the difference of Exchange on the Sum ot £.400. Brit, the usual Allowance remitted by him to the Treasury and other Ofiices in Great Britain, agreeable to C. Establishment, for One Year, to 25U1 March 1802 - -

Maj. Gen1 Trend), an Acco* of Expences incurred for the Deputy Judge Advocate, and other Expences attending the Trial of Prisoners under the Insurrection Ad, within his Dilirid, from ill October 1801 to 3Hi March 1802; not to be charged in his Military Acco* - "

Geo. GrierlV n, being, with £.913. 16.?. 5d. ittiied from Grant, the Amount of his Bill for 250 sets of Acts of 2d Scttion of the United Parliament, in 2 vols (Amount of Bill £. M9®* *• 6</.)

\YM Kcmmis, Esq. as Clerk to Prime Serjeant on last Muntter Circuit - - - - " "

Gov. &c. Bank of Ireland, on Acc* of Board of Works, to be applied towards Payment of the Balances due to the Artificers, &c. of that Board on the 5th January 1802 ......

£■ t-

108 11 7 i

4,818 9

5 13 9

345 6 2

80 — —

136 17 10J

100 — —

364 5 4l

406 — n

9°5 5 11

Carried forward

1,000 — —.

10 7 8£ 10 7 8 \

8 14 2* 7 — 8i 5 4 10£ —18 1

15 6 5i

65 4-i

*83 7 3l 125-----

171 18 —i

Appendi

(No. 46.

»6* Apr'n

230 16 *1

2,165 11 ioi

145

103 1 »o$

412 7 5l

186 18 lo*

35 15 5{

134 — 7

420 10 1

154 12 9|

1,711 13 8

140 3 H

46 18 5#

178 — 9$

95 1 ni;

98 12 1

134 11 5 ! i

277 16 I — 1

407 H 71

13,676 8 2I j

4,521 10 j

18 19 I

D jitLacJ—

3,841 16 u#

_j___

962

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Append

(No. 46.

26* Atrilis, continued.

I reland.—Account of the Application of £. 54,166. 13. 4- Irish Currency—

t802.

November 10.

17’

22.

December 15.

22.

Brought forward -

Gov. &c. Rank of Ireland, to be applied by Board of Works in Payment of Claims due by said Board

on 5th January 1802 - - " " . " " ~ ~

Ja5 Crofton, El'q. Chief Clerk to the Lords of the Treasury, Amount oi his Allowce for having attended in London, on Public Business of Ireland, in the years 1801 and 1802 -

\V,n Taylor, Esq. of Chief Sec* Office, Repayment of a like Sum advanced on Acco1 oi Expences attending the Inspectiou of Fishery on the Nymph Bank on the Southern Coatl - - "

Mr. J. Draper, for hire of Two Wherries, employed by order of Govern1 on the Bank, under the Direction of Capt. Frazer, from 20th May to 5th November 1802 - - - "

Admx of late W® Slator, for Printing Work and Stationary for the use of the late House of Lords, from 10th November 1800 to 8th January 1802 - - * - - " " "

Mr. Rob. Frafer, Balance of Expences attending the Inspection of the Fiihenes on the Nymph ban* on the Southern Coalt

Ja* Bradley, for articles supplied by him to AIM* Q. M. General Moore, for the use of the Troops under the command of Gen1 Taylor, in August and September 1798 - * " " "

Artli. Hume, Esq. Payment of three Clerks employed in posting Loan Books, from 18 Sept, to 30 061. 1802 (6 weeks!

G

Alex

pences on Acco1 of said Prisoners To icveral Persons, in Sums not exceeding Thirty Pounds each, who have been reduced in their circumstances by the late Rebellion, and whole cases have not been otherwise considered -

c

£■ s. (l

33,821 16 1 [1i

170 13 si

1,014 7 41

336 19 H

272 13 1

159 8 5|

>43 2 a*

5 >6 3

42 4 4

12,446 7 10

356 4 3

2,250 — —

5L019 13 nj

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, \ 2ift April 1803. 3

G. Cavendish.

ACCOUNT of the Application of the Sum of £.325,000. Irish Currency, granted in the last Session of Parliament, toward* defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland; for the Year 1802.

1802. January 25.

Lieut1 G1 Eustace, Balance of Contingent Account from ift January to 31ft March 1801

Lieut1 General P. Craig - - - D° ......

Brig. Major J. Ormsby ---D° ——

Lieut. General Dundas, on account of Contingent Expences -

Colonel Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for J year, to 25 December 1801 Agent to Frazer lencibles, to replace various Articles of Accoutrements loft on Actual Service -Agent to N. Cork Militia - - - the like

Ageni to Waterford Militia, Amount of 8 Months (^-reckonings on Account of Augmentation of 8 Serjeants and 240 Privates - - - - _ _ _

Agent Carlow Militia, Salary of Paymaster, from 1 October to 24 December 1801

Sligo ...... D® I I

Limerick C® - - - . frostl t june to D® - - I I I

Kolcommon -

Carlow - Siili* rtr nfu ~ a® * ?8m 4Per Day, being Captain Lieutenant

balaiy of Paymaster s Clerk, from 1 April 1798 to 24 Dec. 1801

Dublin C° - -- -- --Limerick C°jjo Roscommon j^o

Sligo - j)®

a. 15. per

CtrDay, Bit «,d Forage,

AS' 'ESit®*:f" F"'*f AdJ’J'""".Ho'fa, from . 08. lo H Dec. i'soi '

to 30

D°

Limerick Co, ----- n®

Roscommon -

......: 5.

50 loot ...... - D®

ApriHo ^Septeim 1801^.r'^a^> Colonels

* °?CerS !f said.6 - -e properly certified, for 92 Days', from

f^ DUUda- Ba-anCC-of * Crin^nt Account, fmm Wy 'to

Bngr Gen1 Ja’ Drummond 3

Lieut. Colonel Beckwith, Seer to Commander i

Ag' 0 Drag" Ods. - .

Hompefch Drag. . .

Caithness Legion _

on Account of Contin

‘n Chief, on Acco< of Contingent Expences -

Glengarry I-'encib* Donegal Militia "extord - D® . N.Cork - D®

3 Bait" Lt. Infantry II*

4 - d° - - ijo y * -

Breadalbu

D°

D*

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

I>°

gcncies

"^aaaibane IVn» a " - Uw

10 Contingent Account011"1 of Disco, mt d«e

°- for the Recruiting S,r'vi

lee» to be placed

Carried —

226 18 —J 149 10 1 45 t5 9 60-----

300-----

103 18 8 678 5 —

446 15 a

63 15 — 63 15 — 63 15 — 155 5 —

96 12 — 106 8 10J 106 8 iu| 106 8 io|

106 8 io£

106 8 10J

54

8

6 — 10 — 8 10 — 8 10 — 8 10 — 8 10 — 8 10 —

L597 i* —

9^6 15 4

■*4 4 5 222 4 3 300-----

1,320 19

7* 18

203 14 218 3

3i7 7 473 11 248 12 56) 17 56 M

6}

SI

n

4

6

6

1.232 10

10 6

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

963

Ireland.—Account of the Application of .£.325*000. Irish Currency—continued.

Appei

(No.

26' Ap

contim

1802. February 3.

' Brought forward

A g' Kerry Militia, fo£ extra Contingencies

CoP Walpole, as Deputy Adjut1 General, 151 Days B&taiad Forage, from 1 Dec. 1797 to 30 April 1798 Ditto - -- -- -- 200 Days - D° - for Campaign of 1798 -

Henry C. Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, his additional Pay from 1 061. to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Aldn Exfhaw, in full for Printing and Binding 5,120 Copies of Rules and Regulations for Serjeants, &c. as certilied by Gufper Erck, Esq. -

Ag' 15 Foot, Bounty for as many Volunteers as will complete laid Regim1 to the Establiflim1 of 700 Men for General Service

Ag' 16 D° ...... D° ......

Ag'46 D° ...... D° ......

Ag' 50 D° ...... D° - * - -..

Ag' 6 2 I)0 - - - , D° -

Ag' 2d Flank Battn, on Account of Contingent Expences -

Ag' 16 Foot - -- -- - D® ——

Ag' Clanalpine Fen* ----- D° to 31 March 1800 -

I)0 ...... - - - - D° to 31 March 1801 -

D°.........- ----- D° to 24 Deer 1801 ——

York Fen* ----- D° to 31 March 1801-

Fen*

D®

Tay

I’)0 - - - -D° - - - -Derry Militia D° - - - -Tipperary D" - - - -D° ——

- ----- D° to 24 Dec. 1801

----- D° to 31 March 1800

----- - D°to3i March 1801 -

----- D° to 24 Dec. 1801

----- D° to 31 March 1800 ——

----- D° to 24 Dec. 1801 -

----- I)° to 31 March 1800 -

----- D° to 31 March 1801 -

----- D° to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Patk Walllt, for Articles supplied by him to AIM1 Quartr Mailer Gen1 Moore, for the use of the Trdops under Brigr Gen1 Taylor in August and September 1798 -

D°........-........for D°.........D° -

Ag1 M‘Leod's Fen5, on Account of Contingencies, to 31 March 1800 -

D° ----- - - D° - - - to 24th Dec. 1801 - -

Ag'21 Dragoons, on Account of Medical Expenditure -

16 Foot 3* D° -72 D° -Ag' 20 D° -D° -

D°

...... D° ......: -

...... D° ......

- l Battn - - D° ......

- 2d 1)° - - D° - ......

Ag' Breadalbane Fen* Forage of Adjutts Horse, from 25 June 1799 to 24 Dec' 1801 -

S1 Mayo Militia - - - DJ -

11,619 2

Ag’

Waterford dJ ——

Dunbarton Fen* -

54 Foot ——

46 D° - 1 Battn - -

D° - 2 D° - - i 16 D° -

38 u° ......

72 I)° ......

Invalids -

Aberdeen Fen* ——

Argyle ——

Clanalpine ——

Fife -

M‘Lends -

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

- - - from 1 April 1800 to 24 Dec' 1801 -

- - - from 25 June 1799 to 28 Feb^ 1800 -

- - - from 1 April to 24 Dec' 1801 -

- - - from 1 0&. to 24 Dec' 1801

Nottingham Leicester -

York - - - -Tay Fencibles -Reay' - - -Antrim Militia -Cavan -

Clare ——

Dublin City - -

Kildare - - -King's Co. - -

Leitrim - - -Limerick City -L’derry - - -Louth -

Mayo, N. - -Queen's Co. - -Tipperary - -

Ag' Breadalbane Fen*.

• a. 5/7 -

Dunbarton - - D( Waterford Militia D4 Agent Invalids, Pay made Aberdeen Fen* - -

Argyle ——

Clanalpine -

Fife ——

McLeod's - - -Nottingham -

Leicester ——

York ——

Reay ——

Tay ......

Antrim Mil* -

Cavan ——

Clare Militia -

Dublin City -

King’s Co. -

- - - I)° ...... . -

- - - D° ...... -

- - - D° - - ......

- - - D° - - - ...... ‘ -

- - - D° - ......

- - - D® - ......

- - - D° - - ......

- D° - -

- - - D® ......

- - - D° . - - - * ......

- - - D° ......

- - - D° ......

- - - D° ...... -

- - - D* - ...... -

- - - D° - - -* - - ......

- - - D° ......

- - - D® ......

- - - D® - ......

to complete Captain Murray's Pay as Paymallr, from 1 April to 24 Dec' 1801

- - for Captain Graham - -

- - for Lieut. Johnson -

DV-

D° r 10/4.

9/4

d.

489 l6 1

41 10 6

55-----

42 10 —

577 6 4l

1.706

1.706 1,706'

2.559

2.559

5 — 5 — 5 — 7 7

D° . D° - - _ - - - 5/7 - 23 H 7

D° _ - _ - D° - iu/4 - - - " 43 18 4

D° - D° - - * 9/4. - - - - 39 13 4

D° - - - . - D® - - - . - *■ 15/•> * " - 63 15 —

D° - _ _ - . D° - - - - _ - 9/4 - - 39 13 4

D° . - - _ - D° . - - _ - 5/7 - - - - " ^3 *4 7

D6 - D° at £• 7° P’ Ann. - " 16 6 —

D° . - . Do - - - - " * * 10 0

D° * D° - - a 5/7 - - - " 23 H 7

D° _ _ _ D° - 23 H 7

D® - Do . - - a-9/4 - 39 L3 4

D° - _ D° - - - 15/0 - - " 63 15 —

D° . , D° . - - - >5/« - - - * * 63 15 —

IV - . D° . - - - - 9/4- - - " 39 13 4

D° - - - - D° - - 5/7 - * - * -3 14 7

Carried forward

400 -

367 16 — 388-----

974 -

618 -

358-----

655-----

340 -

494 -

509-----

126 — —

718----->

827-----

739 — —

1,000 r-

192 15 — 61 8 6

617-----

100 — —

100-----

100-----

200-----

100-----

148 2 10J

113 15

91 6 —

91 6 —

91 6 —

63 6 — 24 18 —® 26 16 — 26 16 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 — . 8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —*

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —-8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

74 >6 74 16 125 1

43 >8

964

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ppcndix.

No. 46.)

6* Aprilisy conylsivvd.

IrilandL—Account of the Application of jf- 3*25t°°0* lfl^ Currency—continued*

1$02. February 3.

Agent InvuUds—. Brought forward Leitrim, i’ayuuifters Pay, P* i Octo. to 24 Dec- 1801 - a. 15/0 ... -

Limerick City - - D°

L’derry - - - - D®

Louth - - - - D*

Mayo, N. - - - D°

Queens Co. - - - D® Tipperary - - - D*

Kildare ——

- - - 9/4

D°

D®

D®

D® a. j£. 84 p' Ann. D® au 15/0

D* --- - 9/4

»5/»

Brig. Major Lieut. Colo 11. Uuiacke, Balance of Contingent Acco*, from 1 January to 31 March *801 -

Capl11 VV. Douglas, Ailin' Quarter Mailer Gen1 - -

Brigc Major Iible Capt* J. T. F. Deane -

Capt* J. L. Higgins * - - -Lieut. J. 1\ Trench - - - -Lieut It. Shearman - - - -Lieut. Col. r. Ty tier, Aik* Adj* General - -Cap. C. Irvines -

Cup. R. Owens - -- --D" - ......

D* - - - - D®

D® - from 1 Febr to 31 Mar. 180^ D® - from x Jan. to D®

D® ...... D°

D* ...... - - D®

D* ...... D®

ir ...... - D®

D# ...... from i Od. to 31 Dec' 1800

D* - from 1 Jan. to 31 Mar. 1801

£. *. d.

34,818 10

3 15 — ^3 15 — 39 13 4 39 13 4

19 11

63 15 — 39 13 4 63 15 — 52 17 9 15

to.

Lieut. Col. J. Brownrigg, Dep* Quar* M. Gen. D° - -- -- D®

Brig. Major A. Annesley - -- -- - D* ----- D®

A. M‘Kay ...... D® ...... - - - - D®

Lieu. T- Wooldridge - -- - I>J - -- -- D°

Cap. J. Williumfon - -- - D° - -- -- D°

Lieut. Gen1 Dundas, to rtimburse him a like Sum paid by him to Mich1 Grenan, formerly of Monas-terevrn, for Lolles he lii framed in the month of May 1798 Lieut. Col’ Littlehales, for the Clerks in the War Office, on Account of encrease of Business Agent 2 1 Dragoons, amount of Pay due Sir M. Burgoyne, as Supplemen* Lieut. CoF, from 1 Oct- to 124 Dec' 1801, at 23 pep ——

Cap' Le Geyt, Independ* Captain ----- from D° to D®

Ag* 56 Foot, on Account of the extra Price of Bread and Meat, from 1 May to 30 Septem. 1801 Brig Major Cap. J. Myers, Balance of Contingent Account, from 1 Jany to 31 March 1801 -

W n Sandys - -- -- -- -- Du

Pen. Watts - -- - - -- -- -- -- D°-

Armit and Borough Agents, on account of the New Road in the Coy of Wicklow -Lieut. Gen1 Gardiner, on account of Contingent Expences -

Agent 21 Foot, 8 Months Offreckonings for Augmentation of 210 Privates and 10 Conting1 Men 7tD' ...... -

Agent 41 D° - Forage of Adjutant's Horse from 25 June to 16 Aug' 1799

Angus Fen® - - - D Elgin - D® Caithness High" - D° Frazer - - - - j)® N. Lowland - - - D® Duke of York's - - D® Manx - D°

Suffolk - - - - D®

Lochaber - - - . D°

Ross and Cromartie D° Cork City Militia - D° Monaghan - - - I)® Royals •- - - - do

21 Foot - - - . I)®

71 D° - - - . D<

32 D® . x><

63 Foot -- - - d

...... d<

from 25 June 1799 to 31 Dec 1801 -

D° -D® -D° -D® -D° ->

D® -D° -D°

from 25 Oct. 1799 to 31 Dec" 1801 from 25 June 1799 to D° -

...... D° - -

from 25 June 1799 to 13 March 1800 from 18 June 1800 to 31 Dec' 1801 from 12 D° - - to D® from 25 April 1801 to D® from 5 April to 26 June x8oo -from 19 Feby to 6 D° -

A&to. *?*'. Ca'ui"'* P*J ■!*> p'

53" ' Z: l*f.■ "rr:

N. Cork D" . n° ’ Sff!renCC ^ween Ensign’s Pay and 15/0 p' - said Time -Arent CaiHm ft- Diffeience between Lieutenant’s Pay and 15/0 p* - said Time

5 r°»8: «'/ ho*, f,, oa. H o* .

Donegall Militia . --n® ...... -

Wexford - - - . no"

N. Cork j)0 * * " * * - -

said Time

25 12 44 6

36

53

3

21

11

H

13

7

3 17

4 3

78 >5 46 13 10

35 H 9

58 15 11

29 17 10}

60-----

400 & 9

97 15 —

42 10 — 840 10 —

37 17 7i 3 " 3 5i 3 9

4,000-----

40-----

361 7 —

361 7 — 56 —

92-----

92-----*

92-----

92-----

92-----

92-----

92-----

92-----

92-----

79 16 —

92-----

92-----

26 4 — 56 2 — 56 16 — 25 a —

24 — 10 16 —

Day

r\o r ,: ~ *4 Febr 1802

D for Paymaster s Clerk -

5 Dragoons °[ Pyn^fler s Clerk, from 1 April i7{(8 to 31 July 1799 •■S’.: from i^Apnl 1798 to |6JJ, 799

in Lieuten" Pay and 15/0 p’ from

* 54 2 4

* 913

Pembroke Draa'

Hoyals - - . .

41 Foot - - -Perth Fen. - ‘ Angus ...

Klgin

Caithness Hi2h«

Frazer - ... I

N. Lowland Fen* - . lhike of York’s - _ Manx - -

Sutfolk - . [

Cork City Militia - I Monaghan - Luchuoer Fen* -

and Cromartie -

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

I)®

D®

D®

D®

799 "

to 30 Sept. 1801 -

fco7nbJ?280to3lA.ug’i799C

1 ^Apnl J798 t

12 Febr'^gg

from l^to^ioF^8-1,99

from D° . oeb 1799

* 3° Sept. 1801

J; _from 1 April,798l03oSe-tig*i

- D0

- Do

- D®

- - D®

- - Do

- - D®

- D®

from ll oay ,7999 to D°.Sept 1801

Carried forward

23 H 7 43 18 4

63 15 —

43 18 4 38 13 4

8 10 — 8 10 -8 10 ~ 8 10 — 8 10 —

63 3 7 52 15 a 32 14 4 138 9 — 22 4 2 36 3 Si 39 1° it* H 15 3i 99 16 ioJ

l6 l6 l6 l6 l6 16 l6

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

67

54,

io£ io\ loj io£ lo| io£ 10J 16 10J 16 10J 2 2| •5 3#

by

gle

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

963

Ireland. Account of the Application of £. 325*000 Irilli Currency—continued.

1802. February 17.

24-

March 3.

10.

Brought forward -

Agent Caithness Legion, Pay of Paymaster's Clerk, from 1 061. to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Glengarry - - - - D° - - -D°-

Donegal Militia - - I)° - - D° -

W ex lord - - - - D° - - - D° - ......

N. Cork - - - - D° - - - D° -

H. MCM anus, Esq. Assistant Secretary to the Commander in Chief, from 1 October to -24 Decern.

180 l - a. 5/ p’ day -

Ja lully Pat. O’Brien, and Sam. McAffee, Hospital Mates, 85 Days, to 24 Dec’ 1801 - a. 7/6 p7

day each -

Lieut1 General Sir Ja* Duff, Balance of his Account for Maintenance of Prisoners, and other Expencefc under the Inferred ion Ad -

Agent id loot, to defray extra Price of Provisions, from i$t to 10 May 1801 -

Captn (Lieut1 Colo) J. lilaquiere, indep* Captain, 92 Days to 30 Septem. 1801 -

Ditto, from 1 Od. to 24 Dec’ 1801 -

Tho* Burgh, Eicj. Treasurer to the late Board of Ordnance, to enable him to discharge outstanding Demands on Account ol 'aid Board -

Lieut* Colo Handheld, Commits*' General, on Account -

Lieut* Col® Antrobus, of the Somerlei Felhibles, the Expences of Courts Martial held at Rathdrum, from 8 Od. 1800 to 26 March 1801 Agent Cheshire Fenc*, for Knngn Jones as Paymaster, 85 Days, from 1 Od. to 24 Dec/ 1801, a. 10/4 p7

De\on and Co: inwall 1°, for Captain Manley L)° - a- 5/7 P - - _ -

N’thampton - - IP, for ( aptain Lyte - - - - D° - _ - . - -

Somerset - - D° - C aptain Fortier - - - D° - - _ -

Durham - - D° - Captain Dickson D°, a. £. 70 p7 ann. ——

Essex - - - - D° - Cuotam Shearman - - D° - - - . -

Waterford M* - - I)0 - Ensign 1 erde - D° - a. 10/4 p7 - _ _ _ -

Tyrone - - - - D° - Lieut* Anderson D° - 9/4 ——

S. Cork - - - - D° - Capt1 Mill - - D° 5/7 - - _ - -

Fermanagh - - - D° - 11/ Lethe Jr - D° - 15/ ——

W eliineath - - - D° - Tho* Green D® - .

Sth Down - - - D° - Js llarnton I r - . _ . .

Wicklow - - D° - Wm W’alfh - - D°

Meath - - - - D° - Lieut. Be]il, pr - D° - a. 96 p7 ann. - - * -

Kilkenny - - D° - (’apt. Wkikinlon DJ

Agent Cheshire Fen*

Devon and Cornwall Durham -

El lex ——

N’thxmptou - -

Sona-iUit - -

S* * Cork Militia -Sth Down -

* Fermanagh -

Galway ——

Kilkenny -

JSleath - - - -Tyrone ——

Welhneath - - -Wicklow -

Agent 62 Foot 1 Batt1 D° - 2d D° -( hediire Fen«

Deson and Cornwall Durham Essex -N’thampton Somei let S. Cork Mi S. Down Fermanagh Galw'uy Kilkenny Meath Tyrone Weltmeath Wicklow Agent 46 Foot

Pay of Paymaster’s Clerk, 85 Days, from 1 October to 24 Dec' 1801, a. l/6| p7

D°

D°

I)°

D°

D°

IP

D°

D°

D°

D°

r>°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

I)®

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

Ag'

Ag’

Forage for Adjutant’s Horse, 85 Days, to 24 Dec' 1801 -

- D° ...... - -

- DJ ......

- D° ......

1 . - _ - D° . - -

ilia - - - - D° - -

- - - - - D° - -

- . - - D° , _ ——

- - - - - D° - -

- - - - - D° ——

- - - - - D° - -

- - - _ D° . ——

_ - D° _ ——

Offreckonings of Augmentation 1 Bfttt", 10 Serj*9, 10 Corp*, 190 Priv7,

12 Months

Ded* 42 Days, from 25 May to 24 Dec' 1801, added to Warr*

8 Months -

Ditto, 2 Battn, 12 Months, as above -

Ded* 214 Days, from 25 May to 24 Dec/ 1801, added to Warr* -

8 Months

£-57*

6(5

50a 16 — 3H 1 3

576 1 10

337 *5 4

238

384

Agents to Cork City Militia, Augmentation Offreckonings for 8 Months, for 8 Serj*, 240 Privates, & Cooling* Men -

Agent to Waterford Militia, Offreckonings for Augmentation for 12 Months, for 8 Serj*5,

240 Priv*, and 8 Conting* Men - -- - £.670 2 9

Ded1 101 Days, from 4 Mar. to 12 June 1801 - - - - , - 185 8 9

Agent to late Drogheda Militia, the Pay of the following Officers, 177 Days, from 1 July to 24 Dec' 1801: Major Oliver Fairtlough - - - * - - a. 15/ p' - 132 15 —

Chaplain Fairtlough - - - 1 -

a. 6/8

59-----

Vo i. 5I.

Major General Trench, for Maintenance, Prosecution, &c. of Prisoners by Martial Law within his District -> ——

Agent 6 Drag" Guards, Expence of Pay Lilts and Adjutants Rolls, from 1 April 1800 to 24 Dec* 1801

Carried forward - - £.

, j o

£• d.

45,108 6 2

6 12 9i

6 12 9£

6 12 vi

6 12 9i

6 12 9i

21 5 —

95 12 6

12 2 2X

75 10

46 — —

42 10 —

10,000 — —

5,000 — —

78 4 llj

43 18 4

23 H 7

23 14 7

23 H 7

16 6 -f

16 6 -i

43 18 4

39 13 4

23 H 7

6315 —

63 15 —

63 15 —

63 15 —

22 7 if

22 7 i4

6 12 9:i

6 12 9$

6 12 9*

6 12 9*

6 12

6 12 9t

6 12 9i

6 12 94

v 6 12 9i

6 12 9i

6 12 9$

6 12 9t

6 12 9?

6 12 9$

6 12 91

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 — (

8 10 — ’

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —.

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10 —■

8 10 —

8 10 —

8 10

893 »7 3

Append! (No. 46 26° April

continued

622 7 c}

446 15 2

484 14 —

191 15 —

120 io 39 19 *4

64,111 15 3i

3y

66

Appendix.

A. 1803.

kppendix, No. 46.)

6* April is,

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.325,000 Irish Currency—continued.

1802. March 10.

18.

25-

Agent Hompefch Dragn#, Caithness Legion Glengarry Ten5 Donegal Militia Wexford N. Cork

Brought forward -

Expence of Pay Lifts and Adjutants Rolls, from 1 April 1800 to 24 Dec' 1801

DJ ...... -

I)0 - ......

D° ......

D° ......

- I)0 - - - ......

Agent Caithness Fenc\ on Account of extra Price of Provisions, for September 1801 -

Lieut1 John Wills, as Field Provost Martial, 131 Days, from 17 August to 25 Dec. 1801 -

Agent Kerry Militia, Discount due laid Regim1, to be placed to Acco1 of Contingencies -Agent N. Mayo Militia, on Account of extra Price of Piovilions -

Agent Roi’rommon Miia - - D° - - - for May and June 1801 -

Agent Cork Cry D° - - - D° - - - for Sept' 1801

Agent Invalids, Pay of Paymaster’s Clerk, from 1 Oct’ to 24 Dec* 1801, 85 Days, a. 1/6J p' Aberdeen Fen. - I)°-

Argyle - - D° -

Clanalpine ----- I)° -

Fife Fen- - -- -- - D° ——

McLeod's - ...... D° ......

Nottingham - I)0 -

Leicester ----- - D° ——

York - ...... D° ......

Reay - -- -- - D° -

Tay; - _ "

Antrim Militia -Cavan Clare

Dublin City K i Idare Kings Co. Leitrim Limerick City L’derry Louth

Mayo N. -Queen's County -Tipperary -

D°

- D°

- D°

- D°

- D®

- D°

- D°

- D°

- I)°

- D°

- D°

- D°

- D°

- D°

Agent to 22 Dragoons, on account of Expenditure for Pay Lifts, from 1 April 1798 to 31 March 1801

Agent

Breadalbane Fen* - - D°

Waterford Mil* - - - D°

Sth Mayo - - - - D°

54 Foot - - - - D°

Midlothian Drag* - - D°

Dunbarton Fen* - - D°

3d Foot -

56 dJ, the like ——

2 Fen. Drag0* ——

Carlow Mili* ——

Dublin C° ——

Limerick C° -

Roscommon ——

Sligo -

I)°

D°

D*

April 1.

- - - - - to 31 March 1800

- - to 30 Sep' 1800 -

- - - - - to 31 March 1801

- - - from 1 March to 31 May 1800 - -

12 Months to March 1801 -

6 Months to Septemr 1800 -

12 Months to March 1801-

- - - - D° ......

- - - - D° ......

- - - - D° - - ......

- - - - D° - - - - ......

Tho* Reed, Proved Martial General, on account of Pay due Serjeant Hutchinson 23 Drag0* as Deputy Pay mailer General, from 1 July to 24 Dec' 1801 ——

Represente late Captain Bailly, Interest on the Purchase Money of a Cornetcy, from 1 Feby 1798 to 20 June 1801, both inclusive -

Edward Connor, Clerk in the War Office, his additional Salary at £.60 p' annum, from 10 August to 24 Dec’ 1801 ——

Agent to Dublin Coy Militia, Amount of Discount due said Regiment, from 0&. 1800 to 24 Jany 1802 Queen’s Coy Mil*, on acc1 of extra Price of Provisions, for July 1801 -

Lieut. Col° Beckwith, Military Secy to Commander in Chief, on acco1 of Conting* Expences, &c. Lieut. Col° T. Brownrigg, Depy Quarter Mailer General, to euable him, as being the Officer acting at the Head of the Quarter Mailer General’s Departm1, to defray the Hire of Store for the Camp Equipage of the Army, and Expences incident thereto -Revd F. M, Merritt, Compensation for Duties performed at the King's R. Military Infirmary in the Phenix Park ——

Lieut1 Col° Brownrigg, Inspe&or of Clothing, 547 Days, from 26 June 1800 to 24 Dec' j 801 Col° Cha5 Handheld, Commifihry General, on Account -

Agl 5 Drag0 Gds. in Discharge of the Supplemeny Acco1, for Expences incurred in replacing various Articles of Appointments, &c. loft on actual Service -Agent Berwick Dragoons, on Account of Contingencies, to 31 March 1800 -

to 15 Sept. 1800

- £. 1,000 —

- 800 —

Cambridge D° r - - - D° - - - - to 31 March 1799 - . 400

to 31 March 1800 - - 1,000

to 22 Sept. 1800 - 800

Dumfries D° - - - - D° - - - - to 31 March 1799 - 900

to 31 March 1800 - 400

to 15 Sept. 1800 - 400

Durham D° - - - - D° - - - - to 22 Sept. 1800 -

Roxburgh D° - - - . D* - . - . to 31 March 1799 - - 400

from 1 April to 27 Sept. 1800 500

Antient British D° - - - D° - - - - to 31 March 1799 - 500

to 31 O6L - D° - 500

Essex - D* - - 1 1 U 1 1 to 24 May 1799 300

to 15 Sept. 1800 m 800

Carried forward -

64,111 15

39 19 39 19 39 19 39 19 39 19 39 19 34 9 , 32 15 468 15 200 —

65° 19 67 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6

6 12 6 12 6 12

d.

35

*5

H

lj

>5

2

7

9 — 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12

9:i

d

9l 9 i 9i

9 i

9i 9i 9 i

ot

9i 91 9i 9i 9i 9l 9t 9i 9i 9$ 9i 9 i

9i

114 1 6 140 14 6 114 1 6 100 16 —

117-----

80 8 9

26 19 6 518 7! 23 14 6 8 12 — 17 4 — 17 4 — 9 6 9 6 4 —

20

20

17

44 5 —

131 19 2

2 2 6 8 565 10 2

98 — 9 300-----

500-----

25-----

547 -

5,000-----

187 12 ii

1,800-----

2,200-----

1,700-----

900 — —’

900 —

1,000-----

1,100 —

83,81117 h

43 Geo. III.

v*0-

,*• U ‘‘

f oo'

Q0°'

1,000

Appendix.

067

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.3*25,000 Irilli Currency—continued.

1802. April 1

15

59*

May 6.

Agent Cork South Militia, on Account of extra Price of Provisions, for May 1801 lyrone D* - D° - -- - for Sent. 1801

Brought forward - - £.

Tyrone D* - . ... ir

S. Down D° - - - s - D°

62 l oot 1 Batt" - ...

Aberdeen Fenc*, for Pay Lifts and

A rgyle - - - - . .

Fife - - ... D°

Clanalpine - - ... D°

McLeod’s - - . - D°

1 1 S' - - ... D*

lay - - - - ... I)°

Nottingham - - ... I)0

24 Dragoons - D°

Anc* Britons _ _ . D\

Berwick _ . ... 1)°

Cambridge _ , ... D°

Dumfries - - ... I)°

Roxburgh - - - ... D°

6 Foot - - - - ... D°

13th D° - _ . ... D°

Durham Fen. Cav' Essex - D" ... D° D°

- from 1 May to 30 June 1801

- from 1 May to 13 Sept. 1801

from 1 April 1798 to 31 March 1800

Agent 6 Dragn Guards - - - - D°, for 4 Months, to 31 July 1801, a. £.1. 19.5. 6\d. each -

W. B. Swan, Alliltanl Town Major of Dublin, his addition1 Allowance, to 24 Decern’ 1801 Lieut. Colonel Raymond, Inspector of Clothing, from 1 July to 24 Decern' 1801 -

Major General Sir Cha’ ltois, Balance of lus Contingent Account, from 1 Jan>' to 31 March 1801

Enlign Rogers, late of the 113 Eont, to reimburse him a like sum paid by order of Lieut1 General

Rooke, for the Railage of loo discharged Men from Walerinrd U Bristol, in July 17^5 Agent to the No. ih Down Militia, on Account of the extra Price of Provisions, from 1 May to 31 October 18<, i ——

Brigade Mater Sandy's, to enable him to advance Subsistence to certain Soldiers belonging to Regt9 on the Briudi ij'abl. iiment, on Account -

In° Doric*, Anei 1 to Half Pay Oliicers, for such Officers of the late 6 Regimts of Irilli Brigade as are duly c*n tilled, n»r 85 Days, from 1 Oct. to 24 Decem. 1801 -

Major Genera* Lucius Barber, Balance of Contingent Account, from 1 April to 30 June 1801 -Lieut. General Lari of Cianricarde - - D° - -- - D° -

Lient General \\ . Gardiner, Balance of Contingent Acco*, from 1 April to 30 June 1801 Br. General P. C. )le ----- 1)° ----- D° -

Br. General \V. S« o-t ----- I)°

Limi. General Lari of Clanricarde - - D°

Lieut. General W Gardiner - - - - D°

Brig. General F. Cuke ----- D°

Brig. General W. Scott ----- D°

DJ

- - - from 1 July to 30 Sept. 1801

...... D° - -

...... D° - -

...... D° - -

Major General Myers, to defray his F.xpences of Detachm11, &c. not belonging to his ordinary Contingent Accounts -

Hon. Col° Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to defray Salaries and defray Conting* Expences of his Office, for One Quarter, to 25 March 1802 -

Gamer Erck, Esq. on Aceoiin*. of Contingent Expences of the War Office -

DJ - - - - forth C’< 1 k* in the War Office, on Account of increase of Business

In° Ebbs, on Account of Buf;..,fs done in the WarOtlice -

Captn Lord Lindsay, A'D’Camp to LokI Lieutenant, 200 Days Bat and Forage, for Campaign 1801 -

D° - -- -- 1)°--. - from 25 May to 30 June 1801 -

D° ----- - D° - - - - from 1 July to 24 Dec’ 1801 -

Captain Huxley ----- D* ----- DJ - - - '

Captan f rench, Assistunt Quarter Mailer General, D° 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

I)0-- ...... - D° - - - - from 1 July to 30 Septem* 1801

Captain Evans, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, D° 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

D° - -- -- - -- -- from 1 July to 24 Dec’ 1801 -

H. C. Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, the like, from 1 July to 24 Deceml/ 1801 -

Agent Kerry Militia, for Carriage of Provisions, from 4 February to 5 August l8oi -

Dunbarton Fen5, for Pay Lilts and Adjutants Rolls, from 1 April 1798 to 31 March 1800 Lieut. General P. Craig, Contingent Account, from 1 April to 30 June 1801 -

I)’ - - - - Balance of D° - - - from 1 July to 30 Sept. 1801 -

Lieut. General Cha5 Eustace - D° - - - from 1 April to 10 June 1801 -

Brig General E. Madden - D° - - - from 1 1

D°--- ...... D° - - - from 1

Lieut, General Jo0 Flovd - - D° - - - from 1 t

Major General Sir C. Algill - D° - - - from 1 1

Mrjor General E. P.Tiench - Du -

Brig'General C. Campbell - D° -

Brig’ General D. Campbell - D° -

Brig’ General T. Meyrick - D° ——

Brig* General W. Payne - - D° -

Lieut. General ,ln° Floyd - - D° - - from 1 J

Lieut. General B. Tarleton - D° - - - from 9

Major General Sir C. Algill - D° - - - from 1

Major General E. P. French - D® ——

Brig* General T. Meyrick - D° -

Brig’ General \Vm Payne, - -*D° ——

ling’ General D. Campbell, Balance of Contingent Accc Brig. General C. Campbell -

Capt. Jno. Myers ——

Capt. W. Sandy s -

Capt. Pon. Watts ...... ——

AftilP AdjuP General Capt. C. Myers -

Lieut. CoP Raymond Dep? Adjut. General ——

Lieu. Col" R. Uniacke ——

Capt. Ja. Ormsby ——

Lieut. R. Shearman ......

I to 30 D° . 122 2 6

to 30 Sept. 1801 - - - 108 5 8£

)June 1801 - - - 13 1 2

I to D° - - v* . 188 6 6

- D° - - . - - 206 18 H

- D# - 178 4 4

- D° - 141 10 6

- D° - 310 6 11}

- D° - 68 6 11

to 30 Septemb. 1801 - - - 123 1 2

to D° - 159 18 8

to D° - - . - - 186 6 —

- D° - 182 13 e*

- D° - 245 2 6

- D° - 139 11 4i

, from 1 July to 30 Septem' 1801 - - 116 5 8

- - D° - . - - 139 6 7i

- . D° - - - - 54 1 2i

- - D° - - - - 37 7 6

- - D° - - - - 33 17 1

. D° - 19 12

- - D° - - - 34 10 -—'

- - D° - - - - 5i 4 10

- - D° - - - - 41 19 5

- - D° - — m - - 47 17 7

from Ljuly to 24 Dec* 1801 * - 88 10 —-

Carried forward -

- t

C-*• d.

83,811 17 2.J

ICQ --- —

46 3 Pi 294 19 nj 539 13 1

136-----

136-----

,36-----

72-----

52-----

136-----

136-----

136-----

104-----

57-----

4k8-----

48-----

48-----

48-----

40-----

102-----

26-----

26-----

7 18 2

18 9 6|

177-----

107 19 8

66 7 1

54° 9 —I

IOO-----

1,045 IO ---

133 1 9

307 2 H

574 * — 136 7 41 193 3

316 2 2£ 418 12 —| 144 14 7 189 7 9

200-----

4

5

100-----

100-----

416 17

177 3

20-----

3 H ~ 17 14 — 17 14 —

15-----

27 12 —

>5-----

53 2 —

53 2 119 9 114 —

»47 7 171 18

338 16

H

7i

1

4

Appei (No.. 26° 4

contiizi

95#7ob§ le

Appendix,

[No. 46.)

6* A prills.

[ continued.

968

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.3*5,000 Irish Currency—continued.

1802. May 6.

A"cnt 15 Foot 1 Butt. Camp Allowances; viz.

° Major Copfon, Difference between Compy and Majority

Emign NV. Cox, newly appointed -Lieut. Lucas, Difference between 2/3 and full Lieu. G. Quill, short credited in last Estimate

Brought forward - - £.

- - £. 12 10 —

p - - - 12 10 —

4

4

2 —

6 —

Deduct for Lieut. J. R. Meadowes, credited in this Battn, tho' belonging to and being also credited in 2d Battan -

33 8 —

8 8 —

15 Foot 2d Battn, Enlign Alex. Evans, Difference between 2/3ds and full Allowance omitted in lal't Estimate ——

Northumberland Fenc5, Captain II. Cole, omitted in General Estimate.

46 Foot I Batt. Lieut. Colonel Yandefeur, omitted in General Estimate -

D° - - - Captain Ja5 Fitzgerald, 1st time -

Agent 46 Foot 1 Battn:

Ensigns 1). Wright, Ja* P. Fitzgerald, and Ja* La Roche, at £. 12. 105. appointed since lait lllue ——

Captains Sep. Thorn and Noblet Johnson, Difference between former Commissions and Company ——

Lieut. W. Hamilton, omitted in lait Estimate -

46 Foot 2 Battn, Captain 11. J. Shaw, Difference between 2/3ds and full Allowance, he being entitled to £. 12. 105. credited the Regiment for Captain Manners - £.7 10 —

Capt. J110. Vaughan, full Allowance - --20-----

Cap I. Geo. Blake and W. O’Brien, Difference between former Commissions

and Company - -23 4 —

Lieu ten15 Mai tin, Lind say, Wat. Ruddimun, Nich* Jonell, Dav. Hughes,

John Magi 11, Wra Rathburne, Jo. Hare, J. B. Edwards, and Sir Jno. l\!urray, lit. at £.12. 10.v. each, appointed since lait 1 due - - 11*2 10 —

Difference between Single and Double Commission for Lieut, and Adjutant

Thornton - - -1112 —

174 16 —

Deduct for 3 Vacancies credited the Regiment, and not accounted for - 37 10 —

Agent 62 Foot 1 Battn, Camp Allowances, Difference between 2/3d$ and full Allowance for Lieut. W.

Napier, omitted in General Estimate -

D° - - 2 Battn Lieut. M. Sweeny, omitted in 1800 -

Major Seyelon, Difference between Company and Majority ——

Capt. II. Nixon, full Allowance ——

Ensigns W. Johnson, G. Hawkins, J. Rogers, W. Hodgkinson, 11. Parker, and—*—Tom-linfon, at £.12. 10,9. each, appointed since last lllue -Agent Breadalbane Fenc5, Lieut, and Allistant Surgeon Alex. Smith, Difference between Single and Double Commission ——

Agent limerick County Militia, Difference between |Hs and full Allowance for Lieut. P. Butler, omitted in last Estimate ——

56 Foot, One Subaltern, omitted in last Estimate -

Dublin. Co. Militia, Lieut. Col. Tho* Finlay, Difference between -|d* as Captain, and full Allowance as I.ieut. Colonel - "£-17 ,l° —

Captn Mathers, Difference between Captain Lieu1 and Company - - - 1112 —

Capt" Fawcett, D° Subaltern, and D° - - - 11 12 —

Ensigns Jno. Browne and Brickell, a’£.12. 10. each - - - - 25-----

Dcdud for Lieut. Colonel J. Finlay, not entitled -

forMaj. Kavanagh, having received the vacant Majority

22 IO 12 IO

65 14 —

35-----

IIonIc Colonel Gore, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieutenant, Difference between Allowance as Captain and Lieut. Colonel, for Bat and Forage, from 25th May to 30 June 1801 - £. 4126

D° - - - - D° to 30th Sept. 1801- - - -20 14 —

D° - - - - D° to 24th Dec. 1801 ...... 810 —

General Sir W. Meadows, K. B. Commander of the Forces, Bat and Forage 177 Days, from 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 ——

Lieut. Colonel Scroggs, A.D. Camp to D°, difference between Captain and Lieutenant Colonel, fm 10 to 30 June 1801 ——

Lieut. Colonel Beckwith, Secretary to D° - - D° for 200 Days for 1801

D\ Difference between Lieutenant Colonel and Colonel, fm 10 to 30 June - - - l-----

IP, as Colonel, f*n 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801- - - -48 136

Henry Mc Manus, Affilhint Deputy in Commander in Chiefs Office, 177 Days Bat and Forage, P 1 July to 24th December 1801 ——

Lieut. Colonel Freeman, Deputy Barrack Master General, D°, said Time -

Brig. General G. V. Hart, and Brigade Major, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

Lieut. Colonel Raymond, Deputy Adjutant General, D°, Difference between Lieut. Colonel and Colonel Lieut Colonel Stewart, A Hi lll Adjut1 General, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

D' - - - - 181 Days lm 1 Jany to 30 June 1801 -

D° ----- f 1 July to 30 Sept. 1801 -

Lieut. Colonel Tytler, Assist* Adjiff General, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

D° - - - - 177 Days, ft" 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801-

Major Millar - - Allistant D° 200 Days Campaign 1801 ——

IP - - ...... Pi July to 24 Dec. 1801 - - , -

Major Armstrong - Assistance D°, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

...... - - 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 - -

Capt. Myers - - Allistant D°, 200 Days Campaign 1801

lP-----ftai July to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Lieut. Burton, Assistance Deputy in Adjutant General’s Office, ft11 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Lieut. Colonel Brownrigg, Deputy Quarter Master General, difference between Captain and Lieutenant Colonel, 200 Days Campaign 1801 ——

Lieut. Hall, Aflilt* Quarter Matter General, 200 Days Campn 1801, as Lieut. Colonel, omitted in General Estimate ......

Carried forward -

£• *• d.

95,972 13 2.;

25---

42 — 12 10 — 22 10 — 20---

37 10 —

23 4 — 8 8-

137 6 —

4 2 —

12 10 — 12 10 — 20-----

75-----

42 —

4 2 -8 8 —

30 14 —

33 16 6

442 10 —

2 12 6

10-----

49 6

17 14 —

48 13 6

120-----

10-----

15-----

54

27 12 —

15-----

53 2 —

53 2

15-----

53 2 —

15 —

53 2 — 17 14 —

10 — —

45-----

97,611 11 n

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

969

Ireland. Account of the Application of £. 325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802. May 6.

0 -

1 0 -

*3-

1

i-

y»C

I'3-

49 >) J

I?

iiO

I*- " "

13"

54 r'"

2'

h

53

li "

15 '

53

ir

Vol. 5S.

Brought forward -

Lieut. Colo Grey, AfTift1 Quarter Matter General, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

I)0 - -- -- - - - - fm 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801

Capt. Tobin - - -• - D° 200 Days Campaign 1801

D° - D° ----- fm 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801

Capt. Owrn - - D° - - 200 Days Campaign 1801-

D° - -- from 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 ——

Capt. Reed, Provost Martial General, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

Afliliant Town Major Swan - I)® ——

Dodr ltenny, Director General of Hospitals D°

Dodr Trevor, Hospital Apothecary - - D° -

Paid the Agents to the following Regiments, the Allowance to the Captains in lieu of non-efiedive Dividend* and Contingent Men’s Pay, and the Allowance to the Surgeons from 1 October to 24 Decemr 1801:

Aberdeen Fen* ——

A r gyle

Clanalpine

Fife!hire -

Leicdter -

Nottingham

Princcls C. of Wales

Reay

l ay -

York ......

Angus -

Caithness IIiehrS ——

Duke of York’s ——

Elgin ——

l'razer ——

Locluiber -

Manx - - - 7 - -

N. Lowland - - - -■ ——

Rols and Cromartie -

Suffolk I'-cnc*

Cheshire ——

Devon and Cornwall -

Durham -

Etiex - -* -* -

Northampton -

Somerset - * ——

Breadaibane ——

Dunbarton -

Caithness Legion * ——

Glengarry -

Northumberland ——

Major General Morrison, on Account of Contingent Expences Brig. General F. Champagne, Balance of Contingent Account, 1 April to 30 June 1801 -

D° -

ff* 1 July to 30 Sep. 1801

fm 1 April to 30 June 1801 -

D°

Lieut. General R. Dtindas ----- D°

Major General Sir Cha* Ross - - - D°

Brig. General S. P. Dalrymple - - - D°

Rrig. C eneral S. Drummond - - - - D®

Brig. General Edw. Dunne - - - - D*

Brig, General B. Uenniker - - - - D°

Lieut. General U. Dundas ----- D°

Major General Sir (’ha* Ross ——

Brig. (General B. 1 Ienniker -

Brig. General Edw. Dunne ——

Brig. General Ja* Drummond ——

Brig. General S. P. Dalrymple ——

Capt. Alex. McKay -

Capt. J. Williamson -

Major J. Annellev -

Lieut. Thos Wooldridge -

Lieut. Colonel Brownrigg, Deputy Quarter Master General -Capt. Owen, Aililiant (Quarter Matter General Lieut, (’olonel P. Tv tier, AIM1 Adjut1 Gen1

Capt. W. Douglas AIM1 Quartr Maftr Gen1 - - -- Dl

Capt. lIonb,c J. E. Deane Capt. J. L. II ingins -

Lieut. J. P. Trench

Mefsr9 Cox and Greenwood, Compensation forlofs by excess of Exchange, on final Settlement of the Account of the late io2d Foot, the Balance of which, from some Difficulties, they were rendered unable to recover ’till r8th Oftor 1800, at which period Exchange was greatly to their disadvantage -

Agent 9 Dragoons, in full of Account for replacing various Articles loll on actual Service -

Agent Queen's Co^ Militia - - - D° ——

Agent Weltmeath D°, on Account of extra price of Provisions, f rn 1 May to 30 Sept. 1801 -Agent to following RegiiYff* on Acco1 of the extra price of Privisions for the Compy* composing the 3d Light 13attn, fn 1 May to 31 Aug. 1801, the Amo1 to be paid by them to Leahy and Coy as Agent to laid Battn, to reimburse them for Advances made on said Acco1 (the Charge fof extra price of Provisions to be made by the Regiment to which the Comp* belong, and not by the Battn):

Clare - - - - ‘ ......

Dublin City. ——

Queen's Co. ——

Tipperary -

Agent 16 Foot, Camp Allowances,

Capt. Y’andeleur, Difference between Capt. Lieut, and Comp? ’

Capt. Euftnce, Difference between Subalt" and D® - - - 1

Capt. Nangle, Difference between yds and full, mitted in Estimate Lieut. Geo. Helffiam, Lnsigns W. Costelloe, Mr. Well, Alex. Cornwall, W. Caflidy,

and-----Douglass, appointed fii^e laftllTue, a’ £. J2. 10. each - - - 75"^—■"

- - _ - D° -

- - D° -

- - - - D° -

- - - - D® -

- - - - D° -

- f" 1 July to 30 Sept.

- - - - D° -

- - - D° -

- - - . D° -

- •- - - D° -

- - - - D° -

- - - - D° -

- - - - D° -

- - - - D° -

- - - - D® -

- - - D° -

- - - - D® -

- - - D® -

D® -;

- - - - D° -

IX

11

7

d.

Carried forward

i, P

- -

£■ s. d.

r,6ii 11 ‘4

15

53 2 —

15

53 2

15 —

53 2 —

17 14 —

53 2 —.

17 M —

17 M

130 5 7l

138 5 5

159 10 5

138 5 5

105 7 *1

105 7 H

138 5 5

138 5 5

»56 13 H

159 10 5

105 7 H

159 10 5

I38 5 5

105 7

105 7 64

138 5 5

138 5 5

105 7

138 5 5

105 7

105 7 H

105 7 64

105 7

105 7 6i

105 7 64

105 7 6£

138 5 5

105 7 «f

105 7 64

105 7 64

105 7 64

4SO —

119 12 74

112 9 10

233 15 1

1^5 5 8

140 1 *h

266 7 11J

137 7 loi

183 16 7

261 12 10

142 8 -I

144 2 —

142 11 11

236 1 4

140 7 11

49 11 7

37 9 5

48 16 1

26 »7 6k

65 5 —

5 —

5 8 7

6 >4 1

53 7 10

4^ 12 5 J

37 7 6 ,

49 . 6

1,214 12 7

4^ 18 4

8414 n

80 <2 10}

8 10

O 5 72

lx 3

105 14 —

Appendi

(No. 46

26° April continue<

‘Gobble

970

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £* 325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802. May 13.

May 20.

100-----

50 — —

Brought forward - - £.

Agent 38 Foot, Camp Allowances:

Ensigns Krim. Hamilton, Ralph Onaley, Digby Devenish, Rat Mannon, Tho9 Sherrard, Jno. Ellis, Tho8 Fallen, and Geo. Welkin, appointed since lall issue, at £.12. 10.

each - * - -

Deduct for 4 Vacancies, allowed in General Estimate *

Prince of Wales’s Fenc9,

Ensigns Waiter Dillon, Isaac Walker, and H. James, a' £. 12. 10. each Antrim Militia,

Lieut and Quarter Maitr Jno. Morice, omitted in former Estimate Cavan Militia,

A(lift* Surgeon R. Robinson, for 1796, by Order of Government Londonderry Militia,

Lieut. Sweeney, omitted in general Estimate -

Wellmeath Militia,

Lieut. Cha9 Dillon, full Allowance, omitted last Estimate - -

Enlign T. Lennon, 1st time - -

Galway Militia,

Capt. Galbraith, Difference between Subain and Co* -Capt. Rob1 Eyre - - - D° -

Ensigns Tho* Bodkins, 1st time -

•-----Cefar French - - _ D°

Mistake in Estimate 1801 -

* 11 12 —

• 11 12 —

- 12 10 —

- 12 10 —

- 2-----

Tyrone Militia,

Ensigns Jno. Brien, Jno. Crawford, and Jno. Hyde, new Off*, s!£. 12. 10$. - - 37 10 —

Dedud over credited Ensn C. Vallancey, for 1800 and 1801 - - , - - 0 6 —

Cheshire Fenc9,

Lieut, and A (lift* Surgeon J. R. Hall, Difference between single and double Commiftlon, omitted in former Estimate ——

Somerset Fenc5,

Enlign Geo. Mockler, newly appointed - -. - -. -

21 Foot, . .

Lieut. Colonel Lord Evelyn Stewart, full Allowce i8t time, omitted in General Estimate Agent Caithness Highrs Camp Allowances,

Lieu. Geo. Rol’s, full Allowance for. 1800* omitted - -

N. Lowland Fen5,

Lieut. Ja* Hamilton, omitted 1801 - - - - 12 10 —

Ensigns Ja* Campbell, omitted lait Estimate - - - - 12 10 —

LeonarcLCutting, new appointment - - -1210 —

Jo. Nicholson, omitted through mistake * - 88 —

Suffolk Fenc%

Capt. Hemit, Difference between Subaltn and Comp^ Ensigns lien. Dodd and Noah Beale, new appointment

- 11 12 —

- 25-----

Monaghan Militia,

Two Vacancies for 1801, omitted in last Estimate -

Hon. Colonel Hope, Adjut1 General, Difference between Colonel and Major General, fm 1

April to 30 June - 20 11 6

D°, as Major General, ft11 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 - - *• - - - *106 4 —

Lieut. Colonel McDonnel, Assist* Adju1 General, fm 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Assist1 Quarter Master General Dillon - - - - D° ——

Capt. Douglas - - - D° -

— Wade, f" 1 to 20 July 1800, omitted in former Estimate from not knowing the Date of his being removed from Staff' ——

Capt. Gordon, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieuten1, from 1 July to 24 Dec. 1801 -

Capt. Hompefch ----- - D* ——

Hon. Colonel Hope, 200 Days Campaign 1801, Difference between Colonel and Major General -

Lieut. Colonel M'Donnel, A Hill1 Adjut1 General, 200 Days Campaign 1801 -

Colonel McDonnel, A Hi ft1 Quar Malt. Gen1 - - D° -

Capt. Douglas - - - D° - . - - - I)0 -

Lieu' Colonel Dillon D° - - - D° -

Lieu* Danvers, Aflift1 Deputy inQuartr Maftr Genls Office 177 Days, fm 1 July to 24 Deer 1801

Armit and Borough, Agents, the Amo1 of additional. Salary due the Adjut* Generals Clerks, at £. 77 per annum, fni 1 061. to 31 Deer 1800 ——

D° - - D° - fm 1 April to 24 Dec. 1801 ——

Agent to the York Fenc9, the% Balance due on the Recruiting Acco1 of fa id Regiment, from 1 Jan^ to

24 Dec. 1801 - - - £.1,139-----

Duke of York's Highlanders, the Amount of their Offreckonings, from 19 Jan*

180© to 18 Jan? 1801 -

Agent to 21 Foot, Offreckonings for Augmentation, 365 Days for 10 Serj*5, 10 Corp*, and 190 Privates ——

Deduct 103 Days, fm 25 March to 5 July 1801, added to Warrant -

71 Ditto, the like ——

Agent 32 Foot, Off reckonings for Augment" 365 Days for 400 Priv* and 10 Conti ] Deduct 72 Days, fm 25 April to 5 July 1801, added to Warr* -

D® - 8 Months Offreckonings for said Augmentat" -Agent Cork City Militia, Offreckonings for Augmentation, 365 Days for 8 Se 8 Coni1 Men ——

Agents to the following Regiments, for Emery ?fid Oil for their effective Numbers, for 18 Months, to 30 September 1801 (hereafter to be repaid when received by them from Ordnance Department; viz.

Antrim Militia - - - r ——

Cavan - - - - «. * * ..

* Carried forward - - £.

£■ *• <L

io,3o(5 n i|

37 10

12 10 — 12 10 —

12 lO —

12 lO — 12 10 —

2,813 18 8

• 576 1 10

162 11 5

1,010 1 9

• 199 5 2

240 Priv. and

2 9

- 361 *3 10*

50 4-

28 4—*

42 — 12 10 —

30-----

12 10 —

451* —

36 13 — ?5-----

135 15 ®

53 a 53 2 — 53 2 —

6 — t-17 14 — 17 14 —

65-----

15-----

15-----

15-----

15-----

17 14 —

if) 5 — 57 *5 —

3,961 18 3

413 10 5 413 10 5

810 16 7 673 7 10

308 8 U

164 3 P?

109 14 Pi

U4,6i4v 5

CO

03.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

971

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

Vi--

10 -

12 10 -

12 h-

1! 10 -

12 lo -1; iJ-

5: ♦-

1 j" li" 13"

1; r

io

3;15-

3-* 1,1

6*3 '

J S11

10i -1

14 -1

1802. May 20

May 27.

w? 1

1

14M ’

Brought forward - - £.

Agents to the following Regiments, for Emery and Oil for their effective Numbers, for 18 Months, to 30 September 1801 (hereafter to be repaid when received by them from Ordnance Department); viz,

Clare ......

Dublin City ......

King's Co. - - (fm 13 May 1800).......

Leitrim - v ......

Limerick City - - ......

Londonderry Kildare -

Louth ......

Mayo, N.

Queen's Co.

Tipperary

Carlow

Dublin Co - . - .........

Limerick Co. - - - - . . - -

Roscommon -

Sligo -

Agent Frazer F§ncs, the Balance of Supplement to the general Acc* with Government, from 1 April 1796 to 31 March 1797 ——

Agent Armagh Militia, Allowance to Captain Lieuten1 and Subalt", and the Staff of said Regim* (Surgeon and Adjutant excepted) being equal to Two Months full ~ deducting 10 Days Sub(iltce already issued, fm 15 to 24 In11

' Antrim D® -

Ci^van D°

Clare - D°

rf 4- Dublin City - D° -

Kildare D°

King s Co. - D° -

4 2- Leitrim D® -

Limerick City D° -

12 I'j - L’derry D® •

Louth - D° -

J0-- Mayo North D°

Queen’s Co. D° -

12 10- Tipperary D° -

Carlow D® m

Dublin C® D® -

Limerick C® - D® -

Roscommon - D® -

Sligo D® -

J - Cork N. D® -

i; 11 Donegal 4m D° -

Wexiord D® -

Cork City - D® -

r:ii-: Monaghan - D® -

N. Down D° -

Longford D® -

Mayo S. D° -

Waterford k D° -

Sth Cork D® -

Sth Down D® -

I-',*: J Fermanagh - - D° -

Galway D® -

Kilkenny D° -

Meath - D® -

Tyrone - D® -

6 ' Weflmeuth D® -

r Wicklow D° -

from 15 to Antrim -

Cavan -Clare

Dublin City Kildare -Kings Co. Leitrim -Limerick City L'derry Louth Mayo N. Queen's Co. Tipperary Carlow -Dublin Co. I/imerick Co. Roscommon Sligo N. Cork Donegal Wexford Cork City -Longford -Monaghan -N. Down -Mayo S. -Waterford Cork South Down South Fermanagh

• 8 Comp* - - 409 18 5

- 8 — - - 409 18 5

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 8 — - - 409 18 S

- 6 — - - *319 6 8

- 8 — - - 4°9 18 5

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 6 — - - 3^9 6 8

- 10 — - - 511 — 8

- 9 — - - 453 7 9

- 7 — - - 363 5 1

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 10 —- - - 5ii — 8

6 — 3*9 6 8

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 8 — - - 4€>9 18 5

- 8 — - - 409 18 5

- 6 — - -: 319 6 8

- 8 — - 409 18 5

- 10 — - - 5ii — 8

- 10 — - 5ii — 8

- 8 — - - 409 18 5

- 8 — - - 409 18 5

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 6 — 1 - - 319 6 8

- 7 — -v - 363 5 l

- 8 ^r- - - 409 18 5

• 8 — - 409 18 5

- 6 — - - 319 6 8

- 6 - - 319 6 8

10 — - 5ii — 8

- 8 — - 409 18 5

" 8 — - - 400 18 5

- 10 ~rV k 5ii — 8

6 — - - 319 6 8

- 6 - . 319 6 8

who are retained on the disembodied Estab1, deducting 10 Days Substitence already issued.

In ft ant 8 Comp1 - 129 17 2

D° - - 8 — - 129 17 2

D° - - - - < - - 6 -— - 101 5

D® - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - - - - 8 — - 129 17 2

D° . - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . . - - 8 — - . 129 17 2

D° - - . - 6 _ - 101 5 4

D® . - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - 10 — - 158 8 11

D® . . - - 9 — - 144 3 —

D° . . _ - 7 — - 115 11 3

D° . . 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . . 10 — - 158 8 11

D° . . - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - 8 — - 129 17 2

D® . - 8 — - - 129 17 2

D° . . - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® •. . . 8 _ - 129 17 2

D® . . - 10 — - 158 8 11

D® . . - 10 — - 158 8 11

D® . . - - 8 — - 129 17 \ a

D° . - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - - - 8 — - 129 17 a

D® . > > - - 6 — - 101 5 4

D® . - . - - 7 — - 115 11 3

D® . . - - 8 — - 129 ^7 2

D® . . - - 8 — * - 129 17 2

D® . - - - - 6 — - 101 5 4

* * !>• - * - * - - — *• 101 5 4

£■ s. d.

.,614 5 8

ni 6 6J

145 16 4i

to8 7 3i

94 19 si

100 4 9

174 5 ni

65 15 <52

159 16

140 17 4

115 11 si

206 5

109 10 —

118 3 7*

165 — —

165 — —

107 11 10

1,902 11 72

Carried forward - -

1

Appendi (No. 46

26° Apru

continued

136>734 9

■r'J

972

Appendix*

A. 1803.

pendix. No. 46.)

6* dpri

c&%timued.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.3*25,000. Irish Cnrremy—continued.

1802. May 27.

Brought. fnrward - - /*.

Agent da I way Militia, One Month’s Pay for the Adjut\ Surgeon, N. C. Otneers and Drummers,

J.iiabldhment, deducting to Days Subiihence, already

10 Comp*

vivo arc ret a Kiwi Hand iiuiii 15 to Kilkr-nnv

Meath *-Ti V vone -Wefmieath Wicklow

on iiic dUrmbodicd *4 hill1 - -

- i)° 1)0 1)0

- l)o D®

8

8

10.

6

6

Agent Longford Militia, for Emery and Oil, 6 Months to 30 Septem. 1801 (to be repaid when received from Oninunre Department)

Jun<* 16.

Wain ford Mayo S. Wicklow -Fermanagh Westmcaih Down S. Galway Meath -Oak vS. -Kilkenny Tyrone

I)®

D®

D°

D°

D®

D*

D®

D°

D®

D°

D°

June 23.

3°-

Capt. St. Geo. Irwin*, Indejn-nd* Capt. 90 Days to 24 Mar. 1802 -

( apt. Tim. Watts - - - - D® - -

Capt- < hr. Clarke - - - - D® ——

Agent 1 Batt* 46 Foot, on Acco1 of Mospital Contingencies, from 1 April to 24 Dec. and also £. 100 in advance for lublequ* \ Year, for the like - - - . -

Agent 62 Foot 1 Battn on Account of Medical Expences, to 24 Dec. 1801

D® - - 2 Balt* - --1)° ...... - -

AgentCarlirw Militia, on Account of extra price of Provisions, from l May to 7 October 1801 Edward Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War Office, additional Salary for 3 Months to 24 March 1S02

D°-----for executing the Duties appertaining to the provision and circulation of the Monthly

Pay Lilts, iS:c. for the Army here, fra 1 January to 24 March 1802 -Capt.Cha. W. LeCeyt, Indcpend1 Capt.-90 Days to 24 Mar. 1802 ——

Capt. J. Blaquiere - - - D° - - - D° - - -<

Agent 23 Dragoons, Medical Expences, fm 1 April to 30 Sept. 1801 - - - - X- 63 14 —

In advance on like Acco1 - 100-

Agent North Down Militia, for Enlery and Oil to 30 Sept. 1801 -

lion.Coi® Hope, Adjut1 General, Bat and Forage, 121 Days, fra 25 Dec. 1801 to 24 April 1802 Bart^ Foley of Cork, being at the Hate of £.30 per annum whillt employed in -lublifting certain Sol-cHcts at Cork, who belonged to the British Efrabliftim^ and in full eompeukUion ior his Services on that occasion -

Agents to the following Regiments of Fenc9, their Subsistenre for 30 Days to 24 July 1802:

Aberdeen - -

* Argytc - - - ,

* Cl ami pine ——

* Fifrshire ——

I^eicefrer ——

* Nottingham - -

• Hi‘ay - - . - -

* Carthness IIighr‘ - - — - -• ——

- Duke of York's - - - * - -

- ' Elgin -

■ Manx:- r -

- Sufiolk - ->

- El lex - - - ...... -

N't ham | »ton - -

Somerset -

Carthness Legion ——

Dunbarton - - - ~ ——

N't hum her land ——

Agent to Breudalbane. Fenc9, for Watch (’oats for said Reg* - -

Agent 28 Dragoons, on Acco* of Medical Expence, fm 1 April to 24 Deer 1801 - £. 173 8 3

Subsequent 5 Months - 80-

Agent Welt month Militia, on Acco1 of extra price of Provisions, fm 1 May (031 July 1S01 Colonel J* Crosbie of the Kerry Militia, One Month’s Subsistence, in advance for the Permanent Officers, N. C. Officers, and Drummers of sd Regim1 - -

Agent Armagh Militia, One Month’s Subsistence in advance for the Perman* Officers, N. C. Ofti ers, and Drummers, for 30 Days from difbundment -

Antrim Cavan Clare

Dublin City K ildare -King’s Co. Leitrim -Limerick City

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Drummers, for 30 Days from disbandment - . _ - - 230

Louth - - D® _ _ -1 _ _ _ . 209 5 —

Mayo N. ? - _ - D® _ . m _ 167 *5 —

Queen’s Co. - - - D° . _ _ _ 147 —

Tipperary - - - I)° - _ . - 230 —

Dublin Co. - - - D° _ _ _ . , _ _ 147

Sligo - - I)° — _ _ _ _ 147

Rolieommon - . - D° _ _ _ 188 10 —

Limerick Co. - - _ D® _ m _ 188 JO

Cork N. - _ D° — — 188 10 —

Donegal - . D° _ _ m __ 230

Wexford - - . D® _ _ _ _ _ _ 230

Mttyo S. - _ - I)® «. 1 _ 167 15 —

Waterford - - - D® - - - 9 r - - - - 18S 10 —

Carried forward - - £.

c A*. (1.

724 9 34

153 8 u

129 *7 2

129 2

158 8 11

101 5 4

101 5 4

79 12 3

46 4

44 V) 1

234 10

.39 13 4

4 _ 1 /X

101 4 —

53 12 io|

51 9 loi

3°t 1 9

39 3 9

479 17 6

4o '— —

45 — —

45 — —

197 3 —

218 11 —

ICO 14

39r> 13 11

15 — —

34 11 8

45 — —

45

163 H,

128 1 -L i t.

7‘2 12

33 15 —

1? 4

1.343 6 3

LP47 10 —

1.336 — 4

1,079 1 10

15 —

1.376 10 —

1,881 — —

1.363 7 01 -x

1,200 11 24

*5 —

1.051 H —

1,101 — —

1,158 17 6

1,173 9 ni

1 3

1,230 12 6

1,118 10 7

814 — -

253 8 3

54 —

188 IO —

188 10 —

188 10 —

147 — —

147 — —

188 10 —

147 — —

188 10 —

147 — —

147 — —

169,472 10 y{

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

973

11eland. Account of the Application of £. 325,000 Irish Currency—continued.

June 30.

July 7.

- i

1

a

, -i: *1

5 J

July 14.

July 2D

Vol. 58.

Brought forward

Agent to Longford Militia, One Month’s Pay in advance for the Per man1 Officers, N*C. Officers, and Drummers, tur 30 Days from disbandment - - - j

Down N. - - ] )a - . _ -

Cork City - - - D° - - - _ -

Monaghan - D° ——

Cork 8. - - - - 1)°

Down S. - - - - D* ——

Fennunagh - - - - D® -

Galway \)° ......

Kilkenny - l.)° ——

Meath ...... D° - - - ......

Tyrone - 1>° ——

Wefuneath - - - - D° -

Wicklow - - - 1)° - -

Carlow -1)°-

Agent 28 Dragoons, the Pay of the Effective Officers and W' Offic3, after the ilifbandment of that Begun1, fm 25 May to 24 June 1802 ——

Agent Fermanagh Militia, Lxpeuce oi extra price of Provisior.s, from 1 May to 30 Sept. 1801 (’apt. W. Douglas, Balance ol Contingent Acco', from 1 April to 30 June 1801 -

B. M. Capt. Higgins ——

----- i Ion. J. T. Deane -

----- Lieut. J. P. Trench ——

----- (’apt. J5 Ormlhy ——

Capt. J. Prohy, A.D. Camp to Lord Licutcn1, 184 Days Bat and Forage, fm 1 July to 31 Dec’ 1799 D° ----- D° 200 Days Campaign 1799 ——

L° ----- D° 200 Days Campaign 1800 -

D°

D° 26 /

1 )J - -

- - - f'71 1 Jan*v to 25 Sept. 1800

Edwd Kelly, I>ark Maftr Gen! of Athlune, for Fire and Candles for the Garrison there, 7 \ears, fm 1795 to 1801, both inclusive ——

Agent Brcadulhane Fenc3, their Suliliftce for 30 Days to 24 July 1802 -

Agent to Louth Militia, Balance on their General Acco', fm 1 April 1797 to 31 March

>798 - * .* - ...... £-5,105 12 8

Agent Queen’s C° Mila, the like, lame time - -- - 936 15 5

Clare Mila, Balance of their Supplementary Acco1, fame time - 492 14 4

The Clothiers to the Kerry Militia, the Oilmks of laid KegiiiV for 172 Days, fCT 6 July 1801

to 24 Dec’following - -- -- ...... 1,171 19 7

Lieut. C«en: Sir Ja* Duffi Balcc of Contingf Account, from 1 Jan^ to 31 March 1801 -D° - - - h° - ----- j April to 30 June 1801

D° - - - D° ----- fro 1 July to 30 Sept. 1801 -

Major Gen1 Morrison, Balance of Contingent Account, from 1 Janv to 31 March 1801 D° - - - 1)° - -- -- - fm 1 April to 30 June 1801 -

D° - - - D° ----- fn' 1 July to 30 Sent. 1801

Brig. Major Lieut. Col® R. Cniacke, the like, from 1 April to 30 June 1801

Capt. (’ha* Irvine Affill* Adj* General, the like, s*1 time -

Lieut. Col. P. Tviler - - - - . D° - - D° ......

Assist. Quar. Malt, Gen1 R. Owens - D° - - D°

Lieut, (’ol. Tho8 Brownrigg, Acting Dop? Quarter Matter General, the like, said time

B. Major Annellev ----- D°

-----A. McKay ...... D°

-----J. Williamson - - - - D°

-----T. Wooldridge - - - - D°

----- R. Shearman - - - - D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

Agent to following Reg'8, (’amp Allowances; viz. omitted in Lift Eft i mate.: Caithness Legn, Col. Sir B. Dunbar - -

Cap. & Q. Malt. Kennedy -

£.2710

12 IO

Wexford Militia,

Lieu13 W. Elwood, Cha' Ileatlev, Wm Bolton, and J. Nixon, and Enngns J. Little, T. Knowles,

J. Evans, and G. N. Kavanagh, at £. 12. 10. each, appointed since lait Itfue £. 100-----

Ded* for over Credit in lormer Etlimate - 25-----

Agent to Loyal Irish Fenc3, on Account of Subfifumce for said Corps, they having lately landed Agent to N. Cork Militia, the Balance of their Supplem^ Contingent Account with Governin', f 1 April

1797 to 31 March 1798 - ...... -

M. General Myers, on Acco' of the general Diffiurfements of his DTftrid -

Assist1 Adju' Gen1 Capt. C. Myers, Balance of his Contingent Acco1, fm 1 April to 30 June 1801 - -

Br. Major J. Myers - ])° - - - D° -

Capt. Pon. Watts - - D° - - - D° -

Capt. W. Sandys - - - - I)° - - - D° -

Dan1 Bliss, Adjut1 late Drogheda Militia, 430 Days, at 4/ per’, fm 19th Jan? 1801 to 24th March 1802 Br. Major Sandys, as Inspector of Prisons - ----- fro 1 July 1801 to 24 March 1802 - -

Agents to following Reg'3 of Fenc3, iheir Subfirtence for 31 Days to 24 Aug' 1802:

Aberdeen ——

Argyle ——

Fite -

Le ice tier -

Nottingham -

Rcay ——

Duke of York’s -

Elgin - - ' ——

Suffolk ——

N’th amj) ton -

Somerset -

Caithness Legion ——

Lieut* Gen1 Henry Johnson, Balance of Conting1 Acco1, P" i January to 31 March 1802 ——

D® - - P11 1 April to 30 June -

D® - - - P" 1 July to 30 Sept. - -

Agent Monaghan Militia, on Acco1 of Contingencies, P" 1 April 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 -

D° - -- 1 April to 24 Dec' 1801 4

Lochabef Fen* - *■*.«* i April 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 7

D° ...... - D° - 1801 to 24 Dec'1801 -

£■ *■ 1C9472 10 94

HI-----v

>47-----

188 10 — 188 10 — 188 10 —* 147-----

147-----

230-----.

188 10 —. 188 10 — 230 — —-

147-----

147-----

147-----‘

782 17 7 229 5 C)i

7 9 — 47 0 7 54 >7 st 36 19 44

44 2 n.i 18 8 —

20-----

20-----

26 14

1,433 12 6

,307 2 —i

161 17 6h

173 13 6

15b 1 8

/b 6 11

26417 9

203 8 0

53 16 7k

7 — 11 h

5 9 5i

4 — 11

75 16 8

53 5 i*

5i 18 0

38 13 0

5« 2 3

40 11 11

40 —

6bo

5 6J

221

200-----

5 H if 4:5 18 1

45 1 3 19 4i

8b-----

133 10 —

1,292

L393

D379

1,113

1,157

M417

l,5°l

.1,241

1,086

1,186

1,208

1,263

271

327

254

77

382

55

526

11 11

14 2

6 11 2 8 17

8 9

9 si

12 11^ 5 1

13 7 3 —2 12 9 8 2 16 11 1711 j — $ 10 —

>5 9 >8 7

Append

(No. 4<

26® April

contiinieG

tt Q

Carried forward - - - £. j 303,054 4 1*

(jiOO^lC

Appendix, (No. 46.) 26" Apr

continued.

974

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £. 325,000 Irish Currency—continued.

1802.

July 14.

July 21.

July 28.

' £• 8. d.

Brought forward - - £■ 203,054 4 10

Ao-ertt N. Dnvland Fenc", on Acco* of Contingencies, 1 April 1800 to 31 March 1801 - - - 522 17 3i

ir - - D° - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 741 13 10 j

Ross and Cronmrtie - - I)° - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 431 11 44

' ir - - D° >- 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 595 11 34

Elgin - - D° 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 4>o 7 1

D° - - DJ - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - 588 13 6

Angus - - Du - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 412 2 5

D° - - ir - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 472 12 1

Manx - - D° - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 712 7 9

Du - - D° - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 608 H 54

9 Dragoons - - Du - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 122 8 2

D° - - D° - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 525 —

1 Foot - - D° - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 244 L5 10

21 DJ - - D° - - - D° D° - - - 409 18 1

D° - - D° - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 843 18 8

71 D° - - l)° - 1800 to 31 Mar. 1801 - - - 412 13 2

D* - - Do - 1801 to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - \6y 19 7

Agent 46 Foot, 1 Batt. on Acco* of Contingencies - - - to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 130 8

ir -2dD° - - D° - - 53 12 —

Breadalbane Fenc8 - D° - - 523 4 11

Dunbarton - - - D° - - - to 31 Dec' 1800 - - - 245 1 6

Dy - D° - - - to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 973 17 44

Agent Mayo Mila - - D° - - to 24 Dec' 1801 - - - 541 7 11

Agent Armagh Mil3, for Emery and Oil to 30 Sept. 1801 (to be repaid when issued from Ordnance 541 7 11

Department) 132 16 6

Agent 23 Drag5, on Acco* of Medical Expences - - 332 15 9

Agent 2 Light Battn Camp Allows mces for Allistant Surgeon llu. Inglis, newly appointed - - - 12 10

Gasper Erck, Esq. for the Clerks in the War Ollice, on Acco1 of increase of Business -HonblcCol° Geo. Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to defray Contingent Expences, &c. of his

Office, for i Vr to 24 June 1802 ......

11^ D'Anvers, Chief Clerk Quarter Matter Gen,s Department, his addition1 Pay for 267 Days (at 5/per Diem) f" 1 Och 1801 to 24 June 180*2 -

Agents to following Regim15 Fenc*, their Subsistence for 31 Days to 24 Aug1 1802:

Northumberland -

Dunbarton -

Agent 2 Batt. 62 Foot, on Acco* of the extra price of Provisions, ftn 1 May to 14 Sept. 1801

Cheshire Fen®, FL for July 1801 - -- - £ 156 18 p

D° - Aug1 ...... 13« 15 7

Roicommon Ma, D°, fm 1 July to 6 OcL 1801 - % -

Agent to the following ltegim15, Paymasters Pay, to the Days when they were severally disembodied; viz.

Antrim Ma - 25 Dec' 1801 to 10 May 1 CO 0 tw a' 9/4 -

Cavan - - - - ir - - - 19 - - - > a 15/ -

Clare - - - D° - - - 12 - - - a' if5/ -

Dublin City - - - D° - - - 11 - - - a' P/4 -

King’s C° - - D° - - - H - - - a' 5/7 -

Kildare - - - 10 - - - a' 15/ -

, Leitrim - - - - D° - - - 12 - - - a’ 15/ -

Limerick City - - D° - - - 10 - - - a’ 15/ -

L'derry - - - - D° - - - 11 - - - a' 9/4 -

Louth - - - - D° - - - 16 - - - a' 9/4 -

MayoN. - - - - D° - - - 16 - - - a' 15/ -

Queen’s C° - - - D° - - - 12 - - ■- a *15/ -

Tipperary - - D° - - - 12 " - - a' 9/4 -

Agent to the following Regt3, Allo\vce to Paymaster's Clerks as above, at 1/6 per Day Antrim Ma, f n 25 Dec’ 1801 to 10 May 1802 -

Agents to the following Regiments, Allowance to Paymasters Clerks, to the days

; uz.

when they

Cavan Miia - _ _ fm 25 Dec' 1801, to 19 May 1802

Clare - _ D° - - - 12 - -

Dublin City - _ D° - - - 11 - -

Kildare - D° - - - 10 - -

King's C° . ir - - - 14 " -

Leitrim - DM - - - 12 -

Limerick City . D° - - - 10 -

L'derry - I)0 - - - 11 - -

Louth - -2 D° - - - 16 - - ,

Mayo N. - - D° - - - 16 - -

Queen’s C° - - D° - - - 12 - -

Tipperary - I)0 - - - 12 - -

Agents to the following Regirn13, Salaries of Pay matters and their Clerks; liz.

Gahvay Mil*, f"* 25 Dec. 1801 to 13 May 1802 - a' 10/4

Tyrone -Meath -D° - -Kilkenny -I)° - -S. Cork -Fermanagh Weltmeath S. Down -Wicklow -

Galway -Tyrone Meath - -

Kilkenny -Wicklow -S. Cork Fermanagh Weltmeath S. Down -

D° -

- D° to 2 Fcby - - a’ £. 96 per Ann.

fn 3 Feby to 14 May - 9/4 per Day

- 25 Dec’ 1801 to 21 Jan? 1802 a’ £. 96 per Ann. -

- 22 Jan* to 14 May - - - - 10/ per Day -

- 25 Dec. 1801 to 12 D° - - - 5/7

- - D° - - 11 D° - - - 10/

- - D° - - 17 D° - - - 15/ -

- - D° - - 15 D° - - - 15/

- - D° - - 14 D° - - - 15/

Clerks, at 1/6 J:

- - fra 25 Dec* 1801 to 13 May 1802

m

I)9

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

- - - D°

- - 14 D#

- - - D°

- - - D°

- - - D°

- - 11 D°

- - 17 D°

- - 15 D°

430 6 9

200-----

66 15 —

M33 — 0 l,2<f) 12 2

108 19 7J

Carried forward - -

287 h 4

708 1 3

60 13 4

104 5

99 —

61 0 8

37 8 2

97 10

99 — ■

97 10 —

61 2 8

63 9 4

102 —

99 — —

61 12 —

10 11 54

11 5 6\

10 H 7

10 13 f

10 11 51

10 17 H

10 H 7

10 11 54

10 13 -4

11 — 10

11 — in

10 H 7

i° H 7

72 6 8

65 6 8

10 10 5

47 2 8

7 7 3

5« 10 —

3 s id l

tip — —

10S — —

10(3 10 —

105 15 —■

IO l8

10 18

11 — 11 — 11 — IO 17

10 15 'll 5

11 1

9

9

fi

H

U

ioj

220,464 12 114

43. Geo. III.

Appendix,

975

Ireland. Account of the Application of 3*25,000 Irish Currency—continued.

180*2.

July *28.

August 4.

u i

1;

Brought forward

Agents to the following Regimt#, Forage of Adjutants Ilorfes

fin 25 Dec’ 1801 to 13 May 1802

G alway Tyrone

INleaih ——

Kilkenny ——

Wicklow ——

S. Cork ——

Fermanagh -

Weliineuth -

S. Down ——

Agent 28 Dragoons, on Account of Medical Expences, fm 23 Lieut. Young, Donegal Militia, lor having acted as Judge A< t'm 8 J any to 8 FH> 1802

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

I)°

- D° * D°

- D° 12 D° 11 D° 17 D° 15

OCt. 1800 to 31 March 1801 Advocate at a Court Martial held at Belfast,

Agent to the Dm ham Fenc8, the Balance due on their general Account, including Arrears, f"1 27 May

17971031 March 1798 - -- -- ...... -

Br. Major Geo. Hay, Balance of Contingent Acc1, f 3d Nov. 1796 to 31 May 1797 -

Ll Gen1 Sir J8 Dud' - - - - I)°, f n 1 Oct. to 24 Dec. 1801 -

- - Floyd.........D° - - - - D° -

- - Tarlcton - - - - D* - - - - 1)° -

M. Gen1 Sir Clia’ Afgill - - - D° - - - - D° ...... f:

Major Gen1 MorriSon, Balance of Contingent Account, fni 1 OCt. to 24 Dec' 1801 ——

Maj’ Gen1 Trench - -

- - - C. Campbell ——

- - - I). Campbell ——

- - - Mevrick -

- - - Pa\ ne -

Br. Major Capt. Deane ——

- - - J. L. Higgins -

- - - Trench -

Capt. W. Douglas, Afs. Q. M. G. -Maj. Gen1 Barber

l>r. Cion1 E. Dunne -

Br. Maj. Capt. Ornifbv

D>

IE

D°

D°

D>

IE

D°

1)°

1)°

D°

D°

1)°

- - (Supy)

DJ

D°

IE

IE

IE

IE

D°

I)°

IE

IE

D°

Col. Beckwith, Military Secy to Commander in Chief, the like, lm 5 May to 30 June 1801 £.17 19

fm 1 July to 30 Sept. - - 79 4

fra 1 Oct. to 24 Dec’ - - - 86 15

H

7

1

D° - - - - on Acco* of Contingencies -

Maj’Gen1 Sir Cha5 ltofs, to defray Expences attending the Execution of the Insurrection Act Agent Northumberland Fen5, Discount on Subsistence, from 1 April 1800 to 24 Jany 1802 Agent to 45 Foot, on Acco* of Medical Expenditure ——

Agent - 21 Drag8, on Acco* of extra price of Provisions.at Out Quarters, fm 1 June to 30 Sept. 1801 Agent Monaghan Mil2, for Emery and Oil for their effective Numbers, fm 1 April to 30 Stpt. 1801 (to be repaid when the same shall be iiiiied from the Orduance Departni1 -

Cork City - - - - D° ...... IE ......

21 Foot - IE fm 18 June 1800 to IE -

Agent to 30 Foot, for Emery and Oil for their effective Numbers, from 1 April 1798 to 3 Jan? 1799 (to

— — Agent to 41 Foot - - - D° - - fm 15 Aug.

J } 63 Foot - - - - D° - - f‘ 5 April

71 D° - - - - D° - - fm 12 June

: 1 82 D° - - - - D° - - fm 18 FelE

Angus Fenc* - IE - - fm 1 April

- " Manx - - - - IE - - fm 1 April

Elgin - - - - IE - - - D°

Duke of York’s - D° - - fm 1 April

:j Caithness - - . I)o - - - IE

Suifolk - - - - IE - - fm 1 April

Frazer’s - - - - D° - - - D°

* % N. Lowland - - D° - - - D°

1/99

1800 to 30 Sept. 1801 -----to 6 June 1800

1798 to -

-----to -

1800 to -

-----to -

1798 to -

-----to -

1800 to

D° IE IE IE IE

- - D°

- - D°

Perth Fencs, for Emery and Oil for the effective Numbers, fm -

Loch a her - - - fm . - -

Ross and Cromartie - - IE ——

32 Foot - -- - fm 14 April

Agent to 28 Dragoons, on Acco* of Pay Lifts, to 24 Dec’ 1801 -

ltomney - - - - IE -

Oxford - - - - D° ......

1 Batt. 62 Foot - - D° ......

2D0-----d° - - D° ......

Somerset Fen - - - IE

Devon and Cornwall - I)0 - -

N’th amp ton - - - D° -

Durham - - - - D° - -

Cheshire - - - - IE

Essex - -- -- IE

Wicklow Ma - - - D° - - - " -

Wefhneath - - - D°

S. Downe - - - IE ——

Galway - - - - D°

Tyrone - - - - D°

Kilkenny - - - - D°

Meath ...... D° - ......

S. Cork - - - - D° - - ......

Fermanagh - - - IE

71 Foot - - - - D° - -

21D0 ...... D° ......

32 D° ...... IE - - - ......

Angus-Fenc8 - - - D°

Caithness ilighri - - IE ——

Duke of Y ork’s - - D°

Elgin ----- D° - ...... -

Frazer’s- - - - - D° - -

Manx ...... D° ——

to 13 Feb^ 1799 to 30 Sept. 1801 to - D° -to - D° -

£■ s. d.

220,464 12 ii|

H — —

H — —

H 2 —

H 2 —

H 2 —

13 18 —

13 16 —

H 8 —

H 4 —

106 6 2

16 — —

329 10 3

99 9 —

129 17 3

96 6 7 h

202 6 4

225 12 io£

1/9 8 4

161 6 7i

114 3 n£

103 16 10J

195 2 2

LS4 8 9

37 10 8t

9

3+ 10 7i

6 12 1

1QO 4 —

186 11 3}

39 3

183 19 4f

240 — —

’ 140 — —

516 19

100 — —

77 11 n£

166 7 6

121 — f—

141 13 6

41 17 8

1 !3 9 3i

6 12 7

146 8 4

32 16 10

103 13 6

292 6 7

224 4 9

124 9 6

167 15 9k

232 4 9

199 7 6

9i 1 6

48 1 3J

1Q5 6 7i

112 8 1

53 8 Q

30 6 u

H 7 1

7 3

46 2 5 h

46 2 si

46 2 51

46 2 r>4

46 2 5?

46 2 5 k

46 2 5 k

46 2 si

46 2 5 i

46 2 ni

46 2 Si

46 2 5i

46 2 sh

46 2 Hi

46 2 si

46 2 5i

46 2 5i

100 — —

100 — —

100 — —

50 — —

50 — —

50 — —

50 — —■

50 — —

50 — —

Carried forward -

Appendi (No 46 26* A\

continued

Appendix, (No. 46.)

6° April!51

continued.

976

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.325,000 Irish Currency—continued.

1802.

August 4.

Brought forward

to D° -to 12 D° to D° -

Agent Suffolk, on Account of Pay Lilts ......

Cork City Mil* --D0-4 ——

Monaghan - - - - I3° ——

Lieut. Hall, his Pay, a’ 5/ per Day, fm 14 July 1800 (the Day of his Departure from this Country for Service in Egypt) to 24 Octo. 1801. both inclc, on which latter Day he was permitted to return to Ireland, in order to relume his situation as Allili1 Quarter Maftr Gen1 on this Establish* in lieu of his Pay for fa id period -

Agent Meath Ma, Compensation to Lieut. Archbold ofsaid Regim*, for Losses he sustained, and allowed to be charged to the Contingent Accor of the Reg1 ——

Capt. Sothebv, A.D.Camp to Lord Lieut1, 177 Days Bat and Forage, fm 1 July'to 24 Dec. 1801 -Agent Antrim Mila, Forage for Adju1* Horse, fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 10 May 1802 -

Cavan - - - L)° ----- to 19 D° -

Clare- - - - D°.........*.....to 12 D° ......

Dublin City- - D° ...... to 11 I)0 ......

Kildare - - - 1)° ----- to 10 1)° - - - * -

King’s C° - - D°......to 14 D° -

Leitrim - - - D° ----- to 12 D6 -

Limerick City - l>°.......to 10 D° ......

L’dcrry - - - D° ...... to 11 D° ......

Louth - - - D°......to 16 D° ......

Mayo, N. - - D°.......

Queens C° - - I)0 ——

Tipperary - - D° ——

Capt. Legeyt, Indepenu1 Captain, 92 Days, to 24 June 1802...

Capt. (Lieut. Col.) Blaquiere - - . D° - - - D° -

Agents to tirtribilowing Hegimts of Militia, the Allowance to the Captains in lieu of non-effective Dividends, &c. the Allowance to Surgeons, and Arrears to Chaplains, fm 25 March 1802 to the Day* of disembodying:

Antrim - -- - to 10 May 1802 -

Cavan - -- -- 19 -

Clare ...... 12 L)° ......

Dublin City - -- - ill)0 Kildare ----- 10 D°

Kilkenny- - -- - 14 D" -

King’s C° - - - -.........14.D0 ......

’ Leitrim 12 1)° ——

Limerick City ----- 10 I)0

L’derry - -- -- ] 1 D° ——

Louth ----- 16 I)d

Mayo, N. ----- 16 I)° - - - - x-

Queen’s C° - - -- 11D0-

Tipperary - - - - -- -- 12 D° -

Cork, S ...... 12 D° - ......

Down, S. ----- - 14 D° - -

Fermanagh - -- - 11 I)° -

Galway - -- -- 13 D°-

Meath - -- -- 14 D°-

Tyronc ----- 13 D°.......

Wcliincath - -- - 17 D° -

"Wicklow - -- -- 14 D°- ——

Carlow - -- -- 9 D°»

Dublin C° - -- - 12 D°-

Limenck C° ...... 10 D° -

Kofcominon - -- - 12 1)° -

Sligo - - - -- - 13 I)° -

C6rk N. ----- 14 D° -

Donegal ----- 12 D° -

Wexford - -- -- 14 D° -

INlayo, S. - -- -- 14 D°-

Watrrford - --- -----13 D° ——

Cork City ----- 10 1)° -

Monaghan - -- - 13 D°-

Armagh - -- -- 14 D°-

Down, N. - -- - 13 D° -

Longford ----- 12 D° -

Ag’ to Aberdeen Fenc3, the Allowance to the Captains in lieu of non-effective Dividends, &c. and the Allowances to Surgeons, fm 13 Fcby 1802 to 24 June following -

Agents to the following Regiments of Fencib5 the Allowcc to the Captains in lieu of non-effective Dividends, &c. and the Allowances to Surgeons for the time specifd:

Argyle - - - f01 13 Feb’1802 to 24 June following -

Clanalpinc - - - D° - - - to D° -Fife ----- 25 Dec’1801 to D° -

Leicester -

Nottingham- - -Tie ay - - - - -Tay - - - - -Caithness IIighr# -Duke of York’s - -Elgin - - - - -Eochaber -

Manx ——

Ross and Cromartie Suffolk ——

Essex - - - - -N’thampton - -Somerset - - -Breadalbane - -Dunbarton - - -N’thumberland - -

Caithness Legn - -Glengarry - -

D° - - - to D°

D° - - - to D° -D° - - - to D° -D° - - - to 28 Dec’ 1801 13 Feb’ 1802 to 24 June 1802 D° - - - to D° -25 Dec’ 1801 to D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

to 29 Dec’ 1801 to 24 June 1802 to 4 Feb* -to 24 June -to D° -to D° -toD° -13 Feb* 1802 to D° -Db - - - to D° -25 Dec’ 1801 to D° -13 Feb* 1802 to Dfl -25 Dec’ 1801 to 9 Feb* 1802

Agent to Frazer Fenc% for Losses sustained by hud Reg1 at Cafllebar -

Carried forward - -

£. 8. d.

228,455 6 3i

50 — —

50 — —

50

117 — —

69 12 io£

17 14 —

13 — —

13 18 —

13 4 —

13 2 —

13 — —■

13 8 —

13 4 —

13 — —

13 2 —

13 12 —

13 12

ij 4 —

13 4 —

46 —.

46

73 9 9i

66 10 10

58 4 6

75 1 1

55 16 nf

79 H io$

79 14 10£

58 4 6

55 16

93 1 -4

92 16 4"

72 18 5*’

57 — H

95 — 2

76 12 4

60 12 —

57 — n

96 18 114

79 h i°{

96 18 114

64 3 3

60 12 —

54 13

58 4 6

73 9 9i

76 12 4

59 8 3

79 14 10i

95 — 2

9817 8f

7° 3 5i

78 3 7

73 9 9*

78 3 7

79 14 1°*

59 8 3

58 4 6

296 17 4

296 17 6

34» 10 —

296 17 6

226 5 —

226 5 —

17 6

6 ]0 2

342 10 —

296 17 6

226 5 —

8 2 8

296 17 6

68 6 si

226 5 —

22 6 5 —

226 5 —.

226 5 —

296 17 6

226 5 —

226 5 —

226 5 —

58 4 4

485 >9 11

»37>42^ 12 4

43 Geo. IIL

Appendix

977

1802. August 11.

18.

August 25.

Ireland. Account of the Application of £.325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

Brought forward - - - £.

'Agent to Loyal Trish Fenc*, Balance of Subsistence, and Allowances of 14 Days Pay on being diflbanded -Agent to 16 Foot, Pay for Supernumerary Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, from 25 Decern' 1801 to *24 June 1802 -

Agent 72 Foot, Balance of Offreckonings; viz.

8 Months for an Augment® of 210 Priv. - 361 7 —

12 Months - D° - - 481 16 —

Ded18 Months already issued - - - 361 7 — Also 357 Days of 12 Months, which has been paid in War1 ended")

5 July 1801 ... ......

843 3 —

10

832 11 10

Lieut. Gen1 Earl of Clanricarde, Balance of Contingent Account, fm 1 Od' to 24 Dec' 1801 -

Lieut. Gen1 Gardiner -Brig. Gen. Grofe -

- - - Scott -

Br. Major Lieut. Shearman - -

Lieut. Gen1 Dundas - -

Maj. Gen1 Sir Cha. Ross - -

Brig. Gen. Dalrymple -

- - - Drummond -

- - - Henniker -

Br. Major Lieut. Col. Anneftey -

- - - Captain McKay -

- 1 - - Williamson -

- - - Wooldridge -

Lieut. Col* Brownrigg, Depy Quartr Mast. General Cap. R. Owens, Als: Q M. Gen1 - -

Lieut. Col. Stewart, A is1 Ad. Gen. -Capt. J. Trench, Afs* Q. M. Gen1

D®

D°

D°

D°

D*

D°

D®

D*

D®

D°

D*

D*

D°

D*

D°

D®

D°

B. Gen. Meyriek, commands in Galway Dist1 for Maintenance of Prisoners confined there under the Insurreaion Act ——

Agent to Loyal Irish Fenc% on account of One Month's Pay to each Field Officer and Captain, and Two Months Pav to each Subaltern and Staff Officer on being disbanded -Agent to late 5 Drag5, Compensation for Pay to late General Lord Rofmore, Colonel, fm 1 July 1800, to 6 August 1801, a' £.1,087.4.2. per Ann. ——

Lieut. Col. Raymond, Deputy Adj1 General, Allowance for acting as Principal in the Departm1 during the absence of the Adju* General, for One Year; viz.

F® 16 Nov. 1800 to 19 Feby 1801 - - - - 96 Days.

Fm 1 April to 4 June - - 1801 - -- -65

F® 16 Nov. 1801 to 8 June - 1802 - -- - 204

c

237,426

d.

4

3*>5 - —

Brig. Gen1 Hart, Balance of Conting' Account, f® 13 Sept, to 24 Decern. 1801 -

Lieut. Gen. Craig - - D° ----- fm 1 Od. to 24 Dec'1801 ——

Lieut. Gen. Johnson -D* - -- -- - D®

Brig. Gen. Madden -D° - -- -- - D°

Brig. Gen. Champagne -D° - -- - - - D°

Lieut. Col. Raymond, Depy Adj. Gen1 - . D® -

Br. Major Lieut. Col. Uniacke - - - -- D° -

Capt. Watts - -- -- -- - D*

Opt. Sandys - -- - - -- _ D°

Capt. Myers - ----- - I)° -

Capt. Ch. Myers - -- -- - D°

Edwd Connor, Clerk in the War Office, his additional Salary for Three Months to 24 June 1802,

£• 15

- D® - - - Allowance for executing the Duties appertaining to the Provision and 1

Circulation of the Monthly Pay Lifts fumiffied to the Army in Ireland, > 37 10

fame period - -- - - -J -

Agent to the following Regiments of Fenc*, their Subsistcc for 31 Days to 24 Sept. 1802:

Aberdeen ——

Argyle ......

Fite ——

Leicester ——

Nottingham -

Reay -

Elgin ——

Sutlolk -

Caithness Legion ——

Dunbarton 4

Pay matter i Pay. Ptym* Clerkt a’ I/6| [*r

As’ Invalids - - - - 15/ per Day 136 IO - - h 4 44

Aberdeen Fen. - 5/7 - - - 50 l6 2 - - »4 4 44

Argyle - - - 10/4 - - - 94 — 8 - - >4 4 44

Clanalpine - - 9/4 - - - 84 18 8 - - »4 4 44

Fife - - - - 15/ - - - 136 10 — - - >4 4 44

Nottingham - 5/7 - - - 50 16 2 - - 14 4 4t

Leicester - - 10/ - - - 91 — - - *4 4 4t

Y'ork - - - 10/ - - - 91 — - - 14 4 4t

Reay - - - 5/7 - - - 50 l6 2 - - 14 4 44

Tay - - - D* - - - 1 2 4 - - — 3

McLeod's - - 9/4 ~ - - 70 9 4 — — 1 —

Agent 56 Foot, for Pay Lifts fm 1 April to 31 Dec 1801

Carlow M* - - - - D° ——

Dublin C° - - - - D° ——

Sligo - - D° ——

Limerick C° - - - - D# - - - m m

Roicommon - - - - D° -

184 Days to 24 June 1802 ----- D° -

.........D° -

.........D° -

----- D° -

.........D® -

.........D® -

.........D° -

.........D° -

4 Days to 28 Dec' 1801 -151 Days to 24 May 1802 -

172-----

701 — ni

10 11 2

301 3 10

284 4 2$

140 18 9

184 5 9

47 5 5 4 198 15 8 223 19 si 122 1 8

150 8 141 7

36 — 46

1

2$

4*

4

41 14

57 5 3i 17 4 15

21 5 —

21 5 —

9

6

6

7

3H 13 3i 549 H 8

1,196 10 4}

200 -

3° 15 u 151 10 2

218 10 7 88 8 10J

91 5 3 3i 17 43 11 41 8

34 10 7l 41 8 6

34 7

6

9l

9

9i

Carried forward - - '

5* 10 •>—

1,297 M 9 1,386 19 10

L379 2 3 1,143 12 10

LH7 5 2 1,420 14 1.

1,252 2 2| 1,120 — 1 l,26l 19 2

1,236 15 5

Appendi

(No. 46,

26° Aprili

continued.

257,217

Appendix, (No. 46.)

16* Aprilis,

continued.

J

978

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £.325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802. August 25.

September l.

8.

15-

*3-

Brought forward - - £,

Agent Invalids, Forage for Adjut1* Iiorfcs, 182 Days to 24 June 1802 -

Aberdeen Fen* - - - D° -

Argyle - - - - D° ——

Cl an alpine D° -

Fife ----- D° - ......

Nottingham D° -

Leicester D° - - - *> ......

York ...... D° ...... -

Reay - D° -

Tay - D° - 4 Days to 28 Dec' 1801 -

McLeod's D° - 151 Days to 24 May 1802- -

Agent Suffolk Fenc*, the extra price of Provisions, from 16 May to 25 Sept. 180J -

58 Foot, on Account of hospital Contingent Expences for the current Half Year -

46 D° - - - D° ...... - - ......

Ancient Irish Fenc*, on Acco1 of the Allowance that will be due to the Officers on disbandment Major Gen. Myers, on Account of Contingent Expences -

Brig. Maj. Sandys, to enable him to advance Subsistence to certain Soldiers belonging to Regim1* on the Bnth Establishment, for which he is to remain accountable -

Col. of Kerry Militia, for Forage of Adjutant's Horse, fm 20 Sept. 1799 to 31 Dec' 1801 Agent Dublin City Militia, the Amo1 of Lieut. Medlicott s Pay for acting as Adjut1, fm 5 Dec' 1800 to 4 Feby 1802, the period that situation continued vacant after the removal of Capt. Omeara Capt. Sl Geo. Irwine, Independent Captain, 92 Days to 24 June 1802 -

Capt. Chr. Clarke - - D° - - 1)° -

Capt. Pon. Watts - - D° - - D° ——

Lieut. Col. Tytler, Affilt1 Adjut1 Gen1, Balance of his Conting* Account, f® l Od. to 24 Dec' 1801 -Agent 6 Dragn Guards, on Account of Contingencies -

Hompelch Drag* ——

9 Dragoons ......

21 Foot -

Elgin Fenc* -

lireadalbane ——

Dunbarton ...... f ......

46 Foot - - l Batt. -

D° - - - - 2 D° ......

Agent 17 Foot, Amount of Pay due 300 Men of said Regiment that have been discharged Agent 58 Foot, Oil-reckonings, 365 Days for an Augment" of 160 Privates, a' id 62 per Man per Day, which took place f® 25 July 1802 ----- - £.394 4 —

Dedud 1/3- - - - 131 8 —

Remains 8 Months ——

Agent 58 Foot, 365 Days Off-reckonings, for an Augmentat" of i6oPriv% a' id62 per Man per Day,

to 24th Dec'1802 ...... jC-394 4 —

Dedud 153 Days, fm 25 July to 24 Dec' 1802, to be paid on the existing Assignment 165 4 10

Agent 2

tg Drag*, for Paymaftr* Clerks, fra 1 Od. to 24 Dec' 1801 - -

21 Foot - - - D° - - fm 1 April to 24 June 1802 -

3* D° J)° - - . -

71 D# D° -

l Flank Batt" - D° - -

Angus Fenc* - - D° - - fm 1 Od. 1801 to 24 June 1802 - -

Elgin .... D° D° -

Caithness - - - D° D° -

Duke of York's - D° D° -

Manx - - - - D° D° ——

Suffolk - - - D° D° -

Lochaber - - - D° - - . - - fm D° to 30 Dec. 1801 - -

Ross & Cromartie - D° f D° to 4 Feb* 1802 - -

Cork City M* - - D° ----- D° to 10 May 1802 - -

Monaghan - - - D# - D°to 10 May 1802 ——

; 21 Foot, Forage for Adj u Horse, fm 1 Jany to 24 June 1802 - -

32d D° D°

7i»t . - - - - D° - - Da 17 10 —

1 Flank Batt. - - D° - - fm 1 April 1801 to 24 May 1802 - 41 18 —

Angus Fen' - D° - - - l Jany to 24 June 1802 - - - 17 10 —

Elgin - - - - D° - D° - - - 17 10 —

Caithness Hr* - - D° - . - - - D° - - - 17 10 —

Frazer - - - - D° - . - - - D° - - - 17 10 —

Duke of York's - D° - D° - . - - a - - 17 10 —

Suffolk - - - - D° - D° - - - 17 10 —

Ross, &c. - - - D° - - - D* - to4Feby 1802 r - - $ 10 —'

Cork City Mil" - D° - - - - D° - to 10 May 1802 - - - 13 —

Monaghan - - - D° - - - D° - - D° - - 13 —

Manx Fen - - - D° - - - D° - to 24 June 1802 - . _ . - - 17 10 —

Agent »6 Foot - - on Medical Account - 100 — —

38th - D° ----- - - . 100 — —

50th - D° _ . - - - 100 —

7‘2d - D° - _ - - 100 —

21 Dragoons - - - D° ----- . _ . - - 100

89 Foot - - - - D° ----- - - 100 — —

Durham Fen*, on Acco* of extra price of Provisions, for May and Sept. 1801 -

Enlign Vaughan, of Cheshire Fenc*, Bat and Forage from 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 June 1802 -Agent to the Aberdeen Fen*, their Subliilence for 30 Days to 24 Od. 1802 -

Agent to the following Regimt# of Fenc*, their Subsistence for 30 Days to 24. Od. 1802:

Fife ...... - . ......

Nottingham -

Agent Caithness Legion, on Acco* of One Month's Pay to Field Officers and Captains, and of Twb Months Pay to Subalterns and Staff Officers, from the day of disbandment -D° " on Acco1 of an additional Month's Pay to the Officers after disbandment, in consideration of their having consented to be disbanded in this Country -

Agent Argyle Fenc*, for Two Months Pay for Field Officers and Captains, and Three Months Pay for subalterns and Staff Officers; and also on Aceo1 of the 14 and 18 Days Pay to N.C. Officers and Privates on being dftbanded - - - . - - _ . -

Carried forward

£• s. rf.

257^17 >9 11A

18 4 —.

18 4 —

18 4 —

18 4 —

18 4 —

18 4 —

18 4 —

18 4

18 4 8 —

15 2 —

254 9 Hi

100 — —.

60 — —

558 6 3

300 — —

50

80 6 —

85 5

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

9 — 6

46315 3l

130 8 9i

132 »4 3

428 7 H

204 7 4

408 l8 — J

9$ 6

284

4-0

110

420-----

262 16 —

228 19 2

9

35

35

35

3*

20 17 20 17 20 17 20 17 20 17 20 17 7

9

15

*5

*7

17

18

2

3i

si

si

9t

2

•4

5}

10 — 10 —

176 1 10* 12 10 — 1,251-----

1,318 15 4 1,097 4

558 6 3

375 3 7

1,480 16 3

269,584 13

8i

c-

58+

3°3

337

383

3+

13

IO

9

48

55

9

1

1

1

12

1

2

2

9

13b

3

54

54

368

46

46

9i

30

221

350

39

200

455

50

54

54

54

18

50

54

36

549

*7

13

13

13

13

13

360

135

135

45

45

45

45

45

67

>000

430

199

107

47

20

46

>377

>135

367

300

33

*4

90

62

53

9

3

9

9

9

12

4

12

hi.

Appendix;

Ireland. Account of the Application of £. 325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

Brought forward

Agent 23 Dragoons, 28 Days Pay to N. C. Officers and Privates on being disbanded, and also on Acco* ol Contingencies __________ _ __

Agent 6 Drag. Gd* Paymaft" Pay, f® 1 April to 24 June -

Ilompelch Drag' — D° Caithness Legion - - D°

Donegal M*-----D°

Wexlord - - -----D°

N. Cork ...... D°

fm J)® _ tQ Aug. 1802 -fm 25 Ap1 to - - D° -f® D° - to 12 May 1802 -

fm D° - to 14 D° -

fm D° - to - - D° -

6 Dra. Gd* Pay of Payna" Clerk, fm t April 1801 to 24 June 1802

Hoinpefch Dra' - - D° Caithness Leg0 - - - D°

Donegal M*----- D°

Wexford - - -----D°

N. Cork - ,......D°

fm D° - to 24 Aug. 1802 -fm 25 D° - to D° fm D° - to 12 May -fm D° - to 14 D° -fm D° - to D°

Caithness Leg0, Forage of Adjutant's Horse, fm 25 April to 24 Aug. 1802 -

Donegal Ma - D° - fm D

to 12 May

* 15/ D°

5/7 15/

i°/4

9/4

2/2

D°

m

D*

D°

D°

*I

Agent to Wexford Mil*, Forage of Adjutant's Horse, from 24 April to 14 May 1802 -

N. Cork - D° - - fra D° to D° - -Maj. Gen1 Cradock, Quarter Master General, Bat and Forage, fm 1 to 13 July 1800 -

D* - - the like, 182 Days, fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 24 June 1802 -

Lieut. Hall, AIM1 Quarter Maltr General, D° fm 1 to 13 July 1801 -

Major Armstrong, Assist* Adjul* General, the like, 182 Days, to 24 June 1802 -

Major Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, the like, fame time - -

Lieut. Gen1 Tarleton, fm 25 March to 24 June 1802, 92 Days, a'£.4 p' when discontinued Capt. Creyke, A.D. Camp - -- -- -- -- D°-Lieut. Beresford, D° - -- -- -- D°

Br. Gen1 D. Campbell, 61 Days, f- 25 Mar. to 24 May 1802, a' £.1. 10. o.

Br. Major Mockler, A.D. Camp, fame time - -

Agent Roicoinmon Militia, on Aero1 of Sublidence for Augmentation, from the dates of their Attesta-tions to the days on which they were placed on the Edab* -

Maj' Gen1 Myers, on Acco1 of Contingencies ——

Col. Raymond, Deputy Adj* General, his Conting* Allowce fm 25 March to 24 June 1802, a* £.150 p' ann. - - - . .

Hon. Col. Napier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, to enable him to pay the Salaries and defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for the Quarter to 29 Sept. 1802 -

Gen1 Sir W. Meadowcs, K. B. Commander of the Forces, Bat and Forage, fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 24 June 1S02

Col. Freeman, Deputy Barrack Mad. Gen1 - -D0 -

Lieut. Col. Tytlcr, Amd* Adj* Gen1 - - - - D° -

Lieut. Col. Gray, Assist* Quart. Malt. Gen1 - - D° ' -

Lieut. Owen, Affilt1 Quart. Mali. General - -D° - - * -

Cap1. Reed, Provost Martial General - - - - D° ——

Col. Handheld, Commissary General - - - - D°

Major Swan, Deputy Town Major of Dublin -D° ——

Lieut. Col. Andruiher, Adj* Gen1, the like, for 61 Days, from 25 April to 24 June 1802 Agent Caithness Legion Fenc*, on Acco1 of cudomary Allowances on the RegimM being disbanded Agent 56 Foot, Forage for Adjut* Horses, fra 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 Sept. 1802 -

Carlow Militia - - D° - - - fm D° to 12 May 1802 -

Dublin Co. - - - D° ...... - D° ...... -

Limerick Co. - - - D° - -- -- - D°

Rofcoinmon - - - D° ----- - D°

Sligo ...... D° ...... D° ...... -

Lieut. Gen1 Gardiner, fm 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 March 1802 -

Brig. GenrF. Grofe - - D° - - - - D° ......

- - - W. Scott - - D° - - - - D° ......

Capt. M. Cane, A.D. Camp to G. Gardiner D° -

Lieu' lion. Cha* Trench, D° - - - - D° -

Tho# Inglis, Brig. Major to Gen. Grofe - D° ——

Leonard Cutting, D° - to Gen. Scott - D# -

Ricbd Shearman, Brig. Major to the Forces under the command of Sir C. Afgill, fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 24 Mar. 1802 ——

Maj. Geo. Millar, Aflid* Adj* Gen1 - D° ——

Arm it and Borough, Agents, on Acc* of the Road condructing in the Mountains of Wicklow Gasper Erck, Esq. lor the Clerks in the War Office, on Account of extra buhness ——

Agent Sligo Militia, Amo* of Discount allowed on the Subsidcc, f® 1 March 1801 to 12 Jany 1802 -

Agent late Drogheda Militia, for Major Oliver Fairtlough, 143 Days, fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 16 May

1802 - - ...... a' 15/ - p’ -

D° - for Chaplain Fairtlough of said Regim1, said time, - - - - a' 6/8 -

D° - for D° Two Months Pay at Reduction -

Brig. Major Sandys, for receiving Reports of Prisoners, fm 25 March to 24 June 1802 -

Agents to the following Regiments of Fenc*, their Sublili" for 31 Days to 24 Nov. 1802:

Aberdeen

Fifediire

Nottingham ——

Agent 56 Foot, on Medical Acco*, fm 1 April 1800 to 24 June 1802 ——

Agent Invalids, on Acco1 of 14 and 28 Days Pay for N. Comd Officers and Privates on being disbanded

Agent to following Regim*, the Pay of Paymaders; viz.

Caithness Leg0, fra 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 April 1802 ......

Glengarry - - D° - - - to 9 Feb? ——

Donegal M* - - D° - - - to 24 April ——

" " - - to ......

- - to D® -

Pay of Paymaders Clerks:

Caithness Leg", f® 25 Dec’ 1801 to 24 April 1802 -

Glengarry - -D°---U>9 Feb^ ......

Donegal Mil* - D° - - - to 24 April ......

...... " - - - toD° ...... "

- - - to D* - -

Forage of Adjutants Horses; viz.

Caithness Legn, f® 25 Dec' 1801 to 14 April ......

Glengarry - -D°---to9 Feb* -

Donegal Mil* - D° - - - to 24 April ......

Carried forward

Wexford N. Cork -

Wexford N. Cork -

D°

D*

D°

D°

b)

980

Appendix.

A. 1803

ppcndir.

No. 46.)

5° Aprilis,

continued.

,_______I

Ireland.—Account of the Application of 325,000. Irish Currency—

1802. October 27.

November 3.

10.

Brought forward -

Agent Wexford Mill, Forage of Adjutant’s Ilorfe, f" 25 Dec’ 180X to 24 April 1802

N.Cork - - - D" - - - to D° ......

Agent to the following Reg" the Pay of Paymasters and their Clerks, P® 25 Dec' 1801 to 12 May 1802;

s viz. ......

Paymasters Pay:

Carlow Militia ......

Dublin C°

Limerick C* ——

Roscommon ......

Sligo ......

Paymasters Clerks:

Carlow Militia

Dublin C° ......

Limerick C° -

Roscommon -

Sligo ......

DoctorTrever, Hospital Apothecary, 182 Days B&t and Forage, from 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 June 1802 -Maj. Gen1 Cradock, Quart' MalV Gen1, Three Months to 24 Sept. 1802 -

D° - for examining Forage Accots -

D° - for Carriage of Baggage -

Allowance for Clerks ——

Additional D° -

For Foliage of Letters ——

Lieu1 Hall, A (lift1 Quart' Malt' General, fn 1 to 13 July 1800 -

D° - - f11 25 June to 24 Sept. 1802 ——

Hi G. Quin, Esq. Account1 to Board of Gen1 Officers, Half Year to 24 Sept. 1802 -

Capt. Le Geyt, lnd^pcnd1 Capt. f'■ 25 June to 24 Sept. 1802 -

Capt. Ch. Clarke, independ1, Captain, I1® 25 June to 24 Sept. 1802 -

Cap. Sl G.Irwine - , - - D1' ----- D° -

Cap. Pon. Watts - - - D°.D° ...... -

Agent llompefch Drag*, on Acco1 of excels of Exchange on Subsistence of a Detachment while on Foreign Service ——

Agent 1 Batt. 62 Foot, on Acco* of Medical Expences, fm 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 June i8p2 -

2 Batt -

Maj. Tho* Huxley, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieutenant, Balcc of his Contingent Acco*,

25 May to 30 June 1801 1 July to 30 Sept. ——

1 Odt. to 24 Dec' ' -

25 Dec' 1804. to 24 Mar. 1802 - -

Edwd Connor, Clerk in the War Office, additional Salary for 3 Months, to 24 Sept. 1802

• - D° - - for executing the Duties appertaining to the provision and circulation ot Monthly Pay

Lifts, Adjutants Rolls, and General States, supplied for the ute of the Army, laid time ——

H. Mc Manus, Clerk to the Commander in Chief, from 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 Sept. 1802, a' £,1 p'

- - D® - - as A (Till1 Secretary to D°, fame time, a' 5/ p'

Andw Crawford, Clerk in the Commander in Chiefs Office, 3 Months, to 24 Sept. 1802 -Rob* Crawford - ----- I)* -

Tho* Ikttfon - -- -- -- -- - D° -

Ja* Mackenzie, 6 Months to ----- - D°-

Br. Gen. Champagne, go Days to 24 March 1802 -

Br. Major Hodges ——

Capt. Cha' Irwine, AffilP Adj* General, fm 10 April 1800 to 1 May 1801, a' 15/ p' -

Agent Armagh M% in full of the General Acco* of said Regirn* including Arrears, fra 1 April 1796 to 31ft March 1797 -

■285,522

n

12

12

2 — 2 —

103 10 — 103 10 —1 103 10 — 64 8 — 103 10 —

10 15 10 15 10 15 10 15 10 15

7i

n

ik

7i

n

18 4 — 276 — 52 18 a| 52 18 2 i

37 ~ 9~

3* »4 ni 20-----

9 15 —

69-----

75-----

46-----

46-----

46-----

46-----

800-----

65 ij

38 8 8i

— j8 6

5 6 —

:l

Maj. Gen1 Myers -Brig. Gen1 Hart -Brig. Gen1 Madden Brig. Maj. Capt. Myers Brig. Maj. Sandys Brig. Maj. Watts -Dep/ Adj. Gen. Raymond AIM* Adj. Gen. Myers -Lieu. Gen. Gardiner Brig. Gen. Grofe -Brig. Gen. Scott -Brig. Maj. Lieut. Shearman. -Maj. Gen. Sir Cha* Ross

Brig. Gen. Dalrymple -Brig. Gen. Dunne Brig. Gen1 Drummond -Brig. Maj. Cap. McKay AIM. Adj. Gen. Lieut. Col. Stewart ----- Lieut. Col. Tytler -Dep* Qua' Mail' Gen. Col. Brownrigg Assist. D° - - - - Cap. Owens Brig. Gen. Champagne -Brig. Maj. Capt. Ormsby Assist* Quart. Mall. Gen. Trench

AffilF Quart. Mall. Gen. Lieut. Hall, the like, fra 25 October to 24 Dec. 1801 -

" * " D° - - - f® 25th Dec' 1801 to 24 Mar 1802 -

Lieut. Col. W. J. Gore, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieuten*, Balance of Contingent Account,

fm 1 to 30 June 1801 -

*>• - - D° ...... 1 Od. to 24 Dec'1801 ...... -

D° " " D° ...... 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 March 1802 ...... -

Ion. Col. Gore, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieuten*, Balance of Conting* Account, fm 25 March to

24 June 1802 -

Maj. Tho* Huxley - - D° - - D° - - ......

Agent 6 Drag’ Guards, oir Account of Hospital Corning* Expence for the current Half Year* I Hompefch Drag. -D° - ......

9 Drag*, on Acc‘ of extra price of Provisiotu, from 1 May to 30 Sept. 1801 -

Carried forward - - £.

183 1 9S

D* - - - - 66 5 7

- D° - - - - 91 14 8J

- D« - - - 43-3 >°i

D° — 59 3

- D° - - -* - 43 >7 6

- D° *- - - - 33 15 —

- D° . - . - 24 14 11

- D* - - - - 308 14 8

- D° - - 141 3 10

- D° - - - 148 n t

- D° - . - - - - 47 13

- D° - - - - 168 8 —.

- D° - - . - 129 13 —

- D° - - - - - - 163 4

- D* . - - - - 169 11 4i

- D° - . - - - 34 5 9

- D# - - - 22 10 —

• D° - . - - - - . - 4 >3 7

- D° - - - - - 33 «5 —,

- D° - * 5- 4

- D° - —. - - _ . 90 11 7i

- D° - - 43 18 6i

22 10 —

21 5

3* 5 —

15 — —

37 10

274 — —

68 10 —

25 —

17 10 —

17 10 —

35 — —

135 — —

45 — —

290 5 —

1,248 4 10

216 4 2J

15 5 —

22 10 —

3 ,6 ->

25 2 6

22 10 —

30 12 6

34 —

100-----r

20-----*

308 17 1

292,956 8 10*

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

981

Ireland. Account of the Application of £. 325*000. Irish Currency—continued.

180*2. Nov

10.

*7-

34.

Maj. Millar, Assisi* Adj* Gen1, 182 Days Bat and Forage to 24 June 1802 Lieu' Burton, Aihlt* Dep^ in Adj1 Genls Office, D° - D° -

Mr. Mc Manus, AIM* in Commander in Chiefs Office, D° D°

Sir VV. Meadowes, Commander of the Forces, 92 Days to 24 June 1802 -Col. Scroggs, his Aid-de-Camp - - - - D° -

Capt. Younghiifnand D° ----- D°

Capt. Tucker - - - - D° ...... D#

Ld F. Bentinck - - - 1)° ...... D°

Col. Beckwith, Sec* to D° ----- D°

Maj. Gen. Sir Cha8 ltofs - -/---I)0 Capt. ltofs, A.D. Camp - D°

Ik, Gen1 Dunne ----- Dd

Br. Maj. Dunne - -- - D°

lk. Gen Drummond ----- D°

Br. Maj. Mu 11 bee - -- - D° ——

Br. Gen. Dalrymple ----- D°

Br. Major Armstrong - -- D°

Col. Brownripg, Depy Quar Maftr Gen1 - D° - -

Col. Tytler, Allill1 Adj* Gen1 D°

Col. Stewart - - - 1)° - - - - D°

Afsr Quar Malt. Gen1 Gray - D°

D° ...... Owen ...... D°

lk. Maj. Williamson - -- D°

- - Mc Kay ...... - - - D°

- - Wooldridge - -- D°

Lieut. Gen. W. Gardiner ----- D°

Br. Gen. F. Grole - -- - D°

W Scott ...... - - - D°

Capt. M. Cane, A.D. Camp to Gen. Gardiner D° -Lieut. Hon. Cha’Trench ----- D° - * -

Br. Maj. Thos Inglis (to Gen. Grole) - - D°

- - - Le»md Cutting (to Gen. Scott) - - D° -

- - - R. Shearman - - - -- -- D°

A (lift1 Adj* Gcn; Geo. Miller - D°

Brought forward -

Maj. Gen1 Myers - -- - D°

Capt. Lrfkin*, A.D. Camp - D° ——

Capt. E. Myers, Assist* Adj* Gen1 - - - - D° - -

hr. Gen. Kart ...... - D° ——

Lieut.Col. Raymond, Dep^Adj. Gen1 - - D° - - - -. - - - ,

I,ieut. Burton, Hep* AffilV - D° - - - D° -

Br. Major Sandys - -- - D°

D' for Clerk and Stationary, J Year to - - D° - - -. - -

AlV Quart. Malt. Gen' French, 92 Days to - D°

W. CoKille and W. C. Colville, Agents to Widowsof Officers, being with £. 3,074. 3. n\ paid from the Grant in lull of their Allowance, for 6 Months to Midsummer 1802 ...

Agent to Devon and Cornwall Fen8, the Balcc on their General Acco1, fm 1 April 1797 to 31 March 1798 Agent to N. Lowland Feuc*, the Balance of their Supplementary Acco*, fm 1 April 1797 to 31 March 1798 Agent to Caitlmeis Legion Fenc% the Bplcc of their Supplementary Acco1, fm 1 April 1796 to 31 March

.'79* " . " ...... ——

Lieut. Gen1 Craig, in full Discharge of his Conting* Account, f71 25 Dec’ 1801 to 24 March 1802

DJ - - Ikilajiceof D° - - f 25 March to 24 June 1802 -

Agent 46 Foot, 1 Batt. for Pay Litis and Adjutants Rolls, to 24 Dec’ 1801 -

D° - - 2 Batt ......

Breadalbane Fen. ——

Dun ban on ——

S. Mayo Militia ——

Waterford -

Capt. Tobin, AIM. Qua' Mad. Gen1, 182 DaysB&t and Forage, to 24 June 1802 -

Capt. Evans - - - - D° - - - - D° -

Lieu. Gen1 P. Craig - 92 Days to 24 June 1802 - -

Cap. Shewen, A.D. Camp ——

Lieut. Handheld, D* -

B. Maj. R. Uniarke -

Afs1 Qua* Matt. Gen Tobin ——

Lieut. Gen1 Johnton, fm 25 Mar' to 24 Aug' 1802, 153 Days -

Cap. Sl Geo. Irwine, A.D. Camp - - I)° ——

Capt. Warburton ----- D°

Capt. Watts, Maj. of Brigade, 92 Days to 24 June 1802 . ......

Br. Gen1 Madden - - D°-

Br. Maj. Madden - - - D° ...... -

Br. Maj. J. Myers - D° ......

Lieut. Col. J. BUnjuiere, Independ* Captain, 92 Days to 24 Sept’1802 -

Ll II. , D'Anvers, Dep? Afs1 Q. M. Gen1, laid time, a* 5/ p' Day -

Agent to the following Piegts of Fenc*, their Subiiltence for 30 Days, to 24 Dec' 1802:

Aberdeen ——

Fife ......

Nottingham ——

Col. Cha8 Handheld, CommitTary Gen1, on Accot ...... -

Col. Beckwith, Sec* to Commandr in Chief, on Account of Incidental Expences -Lieut Gen1 Tarleton, in full Discharge of his Conting1 Acco1, fm 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 Mar' 1802 -

Maj. Gen1 Sir Cha8 Afgill - Dr

Maj. Gen’

Morrison - -- D°

Maj. Gen. Trench - -- - D°

Brig. Gen. C. Campbell ----- D°

- - - D. Campbell ----- D°

• - - - Meyrick - -- D°

- - - Payne - -- - D° -

- - - Cap. L. Higgins - D° ——

Br. Maj. Lieut. Trench ----- D°

Lieut. Gen. T arleton, Balance of Conting1 Account, 3 Months, to 24 June 1802 Maj. Gen. Sir C. Afgill - - D° - to 31 Mar.

- - - Morrison - - - D* - to 24 June

- = - L. P. Trench - - D° ...... D° -

Carried forward

c- s. d.

1,956 8 io.i

54 12 — C.

18 4 —

18 4 —

920 —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

138 — —

I84 — —

46 — •—

138 — —

46 — —

138 — —

46 — —

138 — —

46 — —

9* — —

69 — —

69 — —

69 — —

69 — —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

368 — —

138 — —

138 — —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

46 — —

69 — —

184 — —

46 — —

69 — —

138 — —>

92 — —

34 10 —

69 — —

1 i 69 — —

278 8 2|

365 — 4

402 10 9

311 *7 11

127 3

127 9 11

17 15 \o\

J7 15

»7 15 io£

17 15 io£

»4 2 9

15 7 ij

54 12 —

54 12 —

368 — —

4 6 — —

46 — —

46 — —

69 — —

612 — —

76 10

76 10 —k

46 — —

138 — —

46 — —

46 — —1

46 — —

33 — —

1,249 7 6

2 6

>°73 7 6

;,oooo — —

220 — —

224 12 7

184 6 9

181 8 8

176 17 3

109 7 4

108 11 11

212 3 —

345 2 11

38 — 6

36 11 3

203 — 3

*3 16 9k

188 7 1

179 11 3l

Append i (No. 46. 26° April

continued

3H.792.

By VJ

6(9glc

Vol. c8.

_ _ O

982

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ppfndix,

j^o.46.)

»* Apri/

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Application of £. 325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802. November 24.

Mayo S.

Breadalbane Fen. -Dunbarton -

Waterford Militia, fm Mayo S. -Breadalbane Fen. Dunbarton

46 Foot, 1 Batt. -Agent 46 Foot 2 Batt. -58th D° - - -Breadalbane Fen* Dunbarton Mayo S. Militia Waterford

Brought forward - - £.

Brig. Gen1 C. Campbell, Balance of Conling' Account, 3 Months, to 24 June 1802 - -

- - - D. Campbell - - D° - D° -

- - - Payne - - - - D» - D° ......

Col. A. Hope, Adj. Gen1, fm 1 to 14 April 1802 ——

Brig. Major Lieut. J. P. Trench, D°, 3 Months, to 24 June 1802 -

Lieut. Gen1 Johnson, Adj1 Gen1 - - - fame time ——

Brig. Gen1 G. V. Hart - - - - D° ——

Br. Gen1 E. Madden, Balance of Conting1 Acco*, fm 25 Mar. to 24 June 1802 -

Lieut. Col. Raymond, L)epy Adj1 Gen1 - - - -D°- ——

Capt. C. Myers - - AIM. D° ...... D° ......

Br. Maj. J.Myers ...... D° ......

Capt. Watts - -- - D# ——

Lieut. Gen. Gardiner - ----- - D° ——

Lr. Gen1 F. Grofe ----- D° ......

- - - W. Scott ...... - - D° -

AIM. Adj1 Gen. Miller..f!Tl 1 January to D° ——

Lieut. K. Shearman ----- fm 25 Mar. - D° ——

Br. Gen. Mcyriek - D°

- - - Champagne - - D° -

Afs1 Quar. Mast. Gen. Lieu. J. M. Hall - - - - D° -

Br. Major Cap. F. Coullbn, fm 1 Aug. to 24 Dec. 1801 ——

Capt. Alex. Gordon, A.D. Camp to Lord Lieut1, D°, fra 25 May 1801 to 24 March 1802 - D° - - D° - - fm 25 Mar. to 24 June 1802 -

Capt. W. V'. Ilompcfch,* A.D. Camp to Lord Lieut*, f'11 25 May 1801 to 24 June 1802 -

Agent to the following Regim15, Paymasters Subsistence, Waterford Militia, fm 25 Dec' 1801 to 14 May 1802 -

- D° ......; d° -

I)# - - - - to 24 July

D° ...... D# -

Paymasters Clerks:

April 1801 to 14 May 1802 -

D° - - D° ......

D° - - to 24 July -

D° - - D° ......

Forage for Adjutant's Horse:

- fra 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 June 1802 -

- - 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 June 1802 -

- - 11 Eebr - - to L)° -

- - 25 Dec' 1801 to 24 July 1802 -

- - D° - - to D° ......

- D° - - to 14 May -

- - D# - - to D* ......

Br. Gen1 Wilford, 200 Days B&t and Forage, Campaign 1797, omitted in Estimate -Col. Handheld, CommitTary Gen1, 177 Days Bat and Forage, fm 1 July to 24 Dec' 1801 -

Knlign O'Drilcoll, Cheshire Fen , Bat and Forage, Campaign 1801 Afsc Adj* Gen1 McDonnell, 182 Days - D* - to 24 June 1802 Als* Qua. Mall. Gen. Dillon - - - D° -

----- McDonel - - Df

- - , - - - - Douglas - - D°

Agent 16 Foot, for Lieut. Col. Fancourt, Difference between 2/3^ an<

Estimate -

72*, Major McDougal D°

York Fen. Ens1 Ibbetlbn, full Allowance -- - - - Fallon - D* -

Agents to the following Reg15, Difference between 2/3* and full Allowance for Officers appointed and promoted since Campaign 1795; viz.

Fife Fen. - - - 2 Ensigns, at ^.4. 2 s. each - -> - - * #

Argyle - - - - 4 Subni - a' - !)• -

Devon, &c. - - 4 Ens1 - a' - D* -

N’thampton - - 1 Capt. ——

----- 5 Ensn* - a' £. 4. 2 s. each -

Essex - - - - 2 Capt"* a' £. 7. 10 s.

----- 7 Subn* - a' £. 4. 2 s.

Agent N'thampton Fen*, full Allowance for 4 Subalterns appointed during Campaign 1801 Agent 4 Dra' Gds. - - on Acco* of Medicaments -

3 Dragoons - - - D* -

16 D* - - - -D* ......

62 Foot - - - - D* -

Agent to Medical Board:

Dod. C. W. Quin 92 Days, to 24 Sept. 1802 -

Dod. W. Harvey - -- -- D# ——

Surgeon Gen, G. Stewart - - - D* ——

Geo. Renny, Director Gen1 of Hospitals - D* -Agent to Medical. Board, Salaries of the following Persons, 92 Days, to 24 Sept. 1802:

Staff Surgeons:

R. S. Obrc, II. M. Peile, W. Comins, Ilufon Bigger, Mat* Poole, Alex. Graydon, Edwd Eagle, Sam. Banks, Ileiff Purdon, and Jo. Stringer, a' 15/ p' day each -

Staff Apothecaries:

Jno. Cowan and Edwd O'Brien, a' 10/ p’ -

Hospital Mates:

Jno. O’Donel, Hu. Power, J. S.Thwaites, M.E. Parker, R. Dockery, Rich'1 Pack, J. Burkitt, W. Har-rifon, Jo. Courke, Rd Carmichael, Lodge Hull, \VmRell, Edw* Kent, and Jno. Stewart, a' "jo p’ -

Additional Hospital Mates:

Jas. Tully, Pat. O'Brien, and Sam1 McAffee -

Mat. Byrne, Esq. Secretary, at £. 60 p' ann. -

Rent of Board Room -

Pottage, Messengers, and Incidental Expences -

Capt. Coulson, Brig. Major, f " 1 Aug. 1801 to 24 Mar. 1802

Maj. Gen1 Morrison 92 Days, to 24 June 1802...- -

Capt. Brand, A.D. Camp D°

Maj. Gen1 Trench D* -

Capt. Nugent, A. D- Camp D° ......

full Allowance, omitted in

Carried forward -

£. s. d. 311,797 12 8i

105 12 10 48 2 —

128 6 9J 20 11 — 37 7 231 1 o>7£

51-----

9d 4 6

34 10 — *4 1 3 44 1 6 44 17 — 346 16 10 155 10 1

137 19

3»

5i

9i

10J

7i

272 19 10

103

23

72

74

7 5

1 6

7 —*

24 15 —

76 14 6

65 16 — 39 7 3 59 3 8 59 3 8

31 >9 —I 31 19 —i 37 10 — 37 »o "

18

16

»3

21

21

14

H

4 — 2 — 8 — 4 — 4 — 2 — 2 —>

100-----

48 13 6 12 10 — 54 12 — 54 12 — 54 12 — 54 12 —

7 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 —

8 4

16 8 id 8 7 10

20 10 15 — 28 14 50 — 100 — 100 — 100 — 100 —

46-46 — 92 — 230 —

690 *-----

92 — —

483-----'

103 io —

15-----

22 15 — 21 16 6 118 — —

184-----

46-----

184-----

46-----

3i7,gi8 »3 10t

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

983

Ireland. Account of the Application of/. 325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802.

November 24.

December 1.

92 Days, to 24 June 1802 -

- D° -

- D° -

- D° -

- D* -

- D° -

D° -D° -D* -

D° -

15-

22.

Brought forward

Brig. Major Trench - -Brig. Gen1 C. Campbell Brig. Major Dunne -Brig. Gen1 Meyrick -Brig. Major Dunbar -Brig. Gen1 Pavne -Brig. Maj. Nenoe -Allilt. Quart. Mart. Gen1 Douglas ----- Dillon -

----- C. McDonnell

- ----- E. McDonnell - 1)° ——

The Board 01 Works, for litting up, furnishing, &c. the following Offices belonging to the Military Department; viz. the Army Account Office, the Barrack Office, the Commissary Generals Office, and the Quarter Malier Gen1* Office -

Agent to the iollowing Regts, for Emery and Oil for the periods mentioned (to be repaid when received by them from the Ordnance Department):

Glengarry Fen9 - - - fm 1 April 1800 to 30 April 1801 -

Caiihncls Legion - -- D°- -

Ancient Irish - - - - fm 1 April 1709 U> 24 Dec. 1799 -

Cork N. Militia - - - f1* 1 April 17^8 to 30 Sept. 1798 -

- D° ----- fn» 1 April 1800 to 30 Sept. 1801 -

Donegal - - (with/.03. 19. 4^. already.paid) i'" 1 April 1800 to 30 Sept. 1801 Wextord - - (with/. 78. 15. 8. already paid) to 30 September 1801 Maj. Gen. Sir Cha* Hois, Balance of Contingent Acco' fm 25 Mar. to 24 June 1802 - -

Biig. Gen1 S. P. Dalrymple, Balance of Conting. Account, fm 25 March to 24 June 1802 -

Brig. Gen. E. Dunne - -- - D° ——

- - - J* Drummond ----- D° ——

Lt. Col. G. Stewart, AlTift. Adj. Gen1 - - - - -D°- - -

Col. Tho* Brownrifcg, Depy Quar Mast. Gen1 - - - - D°-

Capt. Bob. Owen - Allilt. D° - D° -

Brig. Major Cap. A. McKay - -- -- - D° -

Col° Brownrigg, Deputy Quart. Mart. Gen', to enable him to defray the remaining Expence for Stores, Rent, Labour, and attending the Camp Equipage while in charge of the Quart. Mall. Gen1$ Department ——

Agent Devon and Cornwall Fen. for Emery and Oil, 6 Months, to 30 Sept 1801 -

Ell ex

N’thampton Durham -Cheshire -Somerset -Bread a 1 bane Dunbarton 46 Foot, 1 Batt.

D° - 2 Batt.

Agent Waterford Mila, foi South Mayo

Agent 8y Foot, Camp Allow0-’9 for 5 Ensigns, appointed since 1 Campaign 1795 -

Agent Elgin Fen. - D° - foi 2 Ensigns and 1 Surgeon, a7 2. each - -

Rothlay and Caithness, for 3 Captains, a7/. 7. 10. each - - - - /. 22 10 —

4 Subalterns, a'/.4. 2. - - 16 8 —

/. s. d.

i7>9*8 13 10i

- - - D° -

- - - D«n -

- - - D° -

fm 25 June 1798 to D° -

- 6 Months, to D° -

fm j 0 0 00 6 O to I)°

- D° - I)° -

fm j April to - D° -

- D° - D° -

to 31 Mar. 1801 - -

D° -

L* Col. Anstruther, Adj1 Gen1, 61 Days, to 24 June 1802 -

D° - additional Pay, at /. 2 a day, fame time ——

Gasper Erck, Etq. on Acco1 of Incidental Expences of the Military Department, Secretary's Office Agent to the following Regiments of Fencibles, their Subsistence for 31 Days, to 24 January 1803:

, Aberdeen -

Fife ——

Nottingham ——

Mefirs. Armit and Borough, Agents to the Garrison Battal", on Accof, to enable them to pay Bounties and Subsistence of Out-Pcnlioners wdio are to form laid Batt" -

Agent 23 Dragoons, the Sum necessary to be paid to the Men of that Corps on disbandment, as Compensation in lieu of Clothing, the Colonel having no Fund to pay the same; (said Sum to be hereafter deducted out of the OftVeekonings of said Regim* up tb the day of disbandment) -AffifP Quarter Mast. General Lieut. Col. Dillon, in full Discharge of his Contingent Accor, from 1 to 31 Octor 1800 ——

Assist* Quart. Mart. Gen. Major Douglas, in full of his Supplementary Conting. Account - -

Capt. Jno. French, Assist. Quart. Mast. General, Balance of his Conting1 Acco1, from 25 March to 24 June »802 ——

Capt. E. Higgins, Balance of his Conting1 Acco1, from 25 March to 23 April 1802 ——

Brig. Major Cap. Deane, in full of his Conting. Account, from 25 Dec. 1801 to 24 March 1802 - - D° - - - - Balance of D° - - - - from 25 Mar. to 24 June 1802

lion. Colonel Napier, Compt. of Army Accounts, on Acco1 of Salaries and Conting’ Expences of his

Office, for the Quarter to the 25 infant ......

IIeny Cha* Sirr, Esq. Town Major of Dublin, to defray the Expences of supplying the Main Guard with Coals and Candles, for One Year, to 29 April 1803 -

Lieut. Duncan McGregor, 71 Foot, his full Allowance for Bat and Forage for Campaign 1801 Mefirs. Armit and Borough, Agents to the following Regim", for Emery and Oil, fur the Periods mentioned, (to be repaid when they receive the same from the Ordnance Department); viz.

16 Foot - frn 16 Feb* 1800 to 30 Sept. 1801 ......

46 D*, 1 Batt.

2d D° - -

fm 5 f * 25

D°

D® -

to 31 Mar. 1801 to D° -

72 D° - fm 19 June to 30 Se

38 D« - fm 1 April to D°

Invalids - - - - D° - - to Do

Aberdeen Fen. - - - D° - - to D°

Argyle - - D° - - to D#

File - . - D° - - to D°

Clanalpine - - - D* - - to D°

Leicester - - 1 oa. - - to Do

McLeod's - f" 1 April - to D°

Nottingham - - - - fm 25 June 1798 to Do

Keay - - - 1 April 1800 to D°

Carried forw ard

4^ —

138

46

138

46

138 — —

46 — —

69 — —

69 — —

69 — —

69 — —

898 10 7

83 13 ii

99 11 4

31 12

3i 18 4i

131 7 li

69 18 9k

24 5 8

232 9 1

112 15 8

161 17 11

167 4 2

Appendi (N.». 46. 26* Apr Hi

continued.

23-----

34 10 —

5 19 l 3518 -i

6 4

7 9

8 6

3

10 —|

H 104

1

9 6

203

29

33 19

31 18 189 —

32 81

89 9

56 15

59 13 3* 13 nj 36 18 8

20 10 — 12 6 —

38 18 —

61-----

122-----

100-----

1,291 — 5 1,308 17 3

1,092,11 10 2.000-----

2,493 4 —

418

1 8 3

23 —

13 18 47 17

49 2

200 -

27 13 1

12 IO ---

l68 11 I0|-HO 12 l‘

91 19

120 13 48 11

I03 12 96 2

121 IO

167 16 158-6l 15 106 6 138 10 — 144 1+ 4l

HI

a

64

24

2

nf

io±

332J|2 6 +4

by ^LC

984

Appendix.

A. 1803

Appendix,

(No. 46.)

26° April is,

continued.

Ireland.—-Account of the Application of £.325,000. Irish Currency—continued.

1802. December 22.

Brought forward

Messrs. Armit and Borough, Agents to the following Regimt% for Emery and Oil for the Periods mentioned, (to be repaid when they receive the lame from the Ordnance Department); viz.

Tay Eencibles from 1 April 1800 to 30 Sept. 1801 -

York......... Oct. 1800 - - - -........

Messrs. Wybrants, Agents to the following Regini1*, for Pay Lifts for said Regimtf, from 25 Dec. 1S01 to 24 June 1802; viz.

Cork S. Militia ——

Down S. ——

Fermanagh ——

Galway - -

Kilkenny ——

Meath -

Tyrone

Westmeath ——

Wicklow ......

9 Dragoons -

28 D° ......

62 Foot, 1 Batt. -

C hell lire Fen. -

Devon and Cornwall ——

Durham ——

Essex -

N'thainpton -

Somerset ——

62 Foot, 2 Batt. -

56 D® ......

Carlow Militia - - fm 25 Dec. 1801 to 9 May 1802 -

to 10 -

to 13- - -

to D° ......

to D° ......

Messrs. Armit and Borough, Agents, on Acco1 of Pay and Allowances of the Reduced Corps of Invalids, to 24 instant ——

Brig. Muj.Capt. Ormlhy, Balance of Conting* Account, fm 25 March to 24 June 1802 -

Lord Ty raw ley, Barrack Matter General, 200 Days Bat and Forage for Campaigns of 1799, 1800, and 1801-

G. Erck, Esq. for the Clerks in the War Office, for extra Business -

Capt. Sotheby, Aid-de-Cainp to Lord Lieutenant, Bat and Eorage, fm 25 May to 30 June 1801 -

1)° - - 200 Days - - - - D° - - - - for Campaign of 1801

S* Geo. Irwin, Indep1 Captain, 85 Days, to 24 Dec' 1801 -

Chr. Clerke - - - - D°.D° ......

Pon. Watts - - - -D°-----D°-

Maj. Gen1 Morrison, to defray Expences attending the Execution of Insurrection Act -

Deduct Issues made on the 27 May and 30 June, to several Regtf oi Militia, being the Pay of Adjutants, Surgeon, Non-commifsd Officers and Drummers, retained on the Disembodied Establishment, to 30 June 1802, and now transferred to the Head of Disembodied Militia

Deduct the following Repayments; viz.

Lieut. Gen1 Ralph Dundas, Balce of his Conting* Acco* -

Brigr Gen1 James Drummond - - the like -

Lieut. Gen1 Johnson, the like, to 31 Deer 1799 -

Capt. Nicholfn*, Aid-de-Camp to Lieut. Gen1 Lake, the like, to 31 March 1800 Capt. Lake, Aid-de-Camp to D°, the like, fame time

Major Gen1 Morrison, the like, to 30 June 1799 -

Major Gen1 Sir Ja* Duflfe, the like, to fame time -

Lieut. Gen1 Johnson, the like, to 30 Septem. 1800 ——

More, Balance of his Forage Acco*, to 24 March 1797 -

Colo1 Beckwith, Balance of Con1 Acc1 to 24 June 1802 -

Lieut. Col. Gore, Aid-de-Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like, to 30 September 1802

Dublin Co. - - . - - D° -Sligo - -- I)° -

Rolcommon ----- D° -Limerick Co. ----- D°-

1,113 7 9

43 13 5

189 12 4$

458 15 io|

6 19 —

6 *9 —

219 11 4

320 5 6

2,085 1 61

119 H —

157 19

3 4 —

£■ s. d.

*,‘$52 6 4i

110 4 71

lo2 3 7

3 18 11

3 7 9

3 7 9

4 10 —

3 18 11

3 18 11

4 10 —

3 7 9

3 7 9

5 8 —

4 10 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

3 12 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

5 8 —

3 7 Pi

3 7 9±

3 7 9i

3 18 io|

3 18 loj

600

43 4 9l

360 — —

430 6 9

3 14 —

20 — —

42 10 —

42 10 —

4* 10 —

122 8 3

334,381 11 2$

14,73 3 4

319,651 7 10J

Treasury Chambers, Dublin CaMe, ’ 2 iff April 1803.

G. Cavendish•

Vppcndix,

(No. 47.)

16° Apriiis.

ACCOUNTS respecting the Paving, Cleanffng, and Lighting, the Streets of the City of Dublin.

(1.)—An ACCOUNT of the TAX levied in the City of Dublin, for the Paving’and Lighting the fame; for the Year 1S00, and

ending the 25th December.

1800.—Including Poundage to the Collectors £m 18,945. 16. 7}.

Pondage u an Allowance to the Collators, i» proportion to the trouble and difficulty of the Collection, in lieu of all Salary or

other Allowances.

Paving House, 20th April 1803.

Samuel Greene,

Infp' of Accounts.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

985

t -

i ij

(*2.) An ACCOUNT of the TAX levied in the City of Dublin, for the Paving and Lighting the lame; for the Year 1801,

and ending the 25th December.

1801.—Including Poundage to the Collectors -

£.19,620. 14. 7f.

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

26° Apriiis,

continued.

£<Amdage is an Allowance to the Collectors* in proportion to the trouble and difficulty of the Collection, in lieu of all Salary or

other Allowances.

Paving-House, 20th April 1803.

Samuel Greene,

lnipr of Accounts.

(3’)"Ax ACCOUNT of the EX PEN D ITU RE of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the City of Dublin;

for the Year 1800.

Paving -

Clearif'i'g Lighting -Cnroor..t:')ii-House FoiItl'Li.IiS Sobers -

Cruelties Iiu -d* igs

inUiUi, on Debentures

Total

£■ *■ <*■ 8,450-----

6,144 7 6

7,6l8 l6-----

750 2 9. 3‘23 19 3 132 19 11 3,616 11 1

1,319 12 2

1,324 11 8

2,995-----

32,676 — 4

Paving-House, 20th April 1803.

Samuel Greene,

Infpr of Accounts.

(4O—Ax ACCOUNT of the EXPENDITURE of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the City of Dublin;

for the Year 1801.

Paving -

Cleansing ——

Lighting -

Corporation-House -

Fountain^ -

Sewers ——

Eltabl if limen t -

Gratuities (for Six Months) -*•-----

Incidents ——

Repaid the Bank, Amount of Henry Gore Sankey s Acceptance Interest on Debentures -

Total

£. s. d. 6,488 13 2|

.1>4i54 18 10 8,351 2 9

641 10 7

279 17 6£

04 11 3 3,601 2

720 4 2,011 3

1,200 -

2,995-----

3

41

9

32,118 4 6\

Paving-House, 20th April 1803.

Samuel Greeney

Infpr of Accouats.

< s

(5.)—.An ACCOUNT of the SALARIES, PENSIONS, and Established

Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of the City

CHARGES, of the Corporation for Paving, of Dublin.

Corporation-House, including all Expences attending thereon, and the Rent of a House allowed the First Commissioner adjoining laid House, in which he resides -

First Commissioner, at 20s. per day, Sundays excepted -

Allowed lor Servants -

Five other Commilfiooers, each at 2os, per day, Sundays excepted -

Secretary -

Ditto - for providing further necessary Accommodations for transacting the Business belonging to the Secretary's Office - Ditto - to defray Expences for the use of the Board -

Ditto - to defray the E x pences of Porters and Servants ——

Ditto - Fees on Officers appointed, and other Incidents -Treasurer -

Inspector of Accounts -

First Clerk ——

Same as Secretary to the First Director Second Clerk -

Third Clerk -

Fourth Clerk -

VOL. 58.

Annual Salary. dual Gratuities and Allowances. Total Amount Salary and Gratuity.

£■ d. £■ *• d £.

313 None. —

313 None. ___

3OO - -

225 ‘2-5

1 IO 30 140

f.O 40 90

20 - 20

40 40 80

40 30 70

3<* 30 60

Established

Charges.

£■ d.

64I-----

40 — "

75 — 40 — 40 — 40 —

OBSERVATIONS.

Averaged on three years.

Non-attendance of Commissioners fined according to Act of Parliament.

11 T

, by

986

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ii*.

7.)

Hlisf

td:

(5.)_Account of the Salaries, &c. of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin—continued.

Overseer of Works Two Insepctors of Nuisancef -Six First Supervisors One Second Supervisor -One - - Ditto -Four other Second Supervisors One Chief Inspector of Globes One - - Ditto - - Ditto Six Inspectors of Globes One Under Inspector of Globes Chief Overseer of Scavenging -Inspector of Scavenging -Affidant Overseer of Scavenging Storekeeper -Receiver of id Division -Receiver of 2d Division -Receiver of 3d Division -Receiver of 4th Division Receiver of 5th Division Receiver of 6th Division Two Messengers -

Gatekeepers - -

Annual Salary. Usual Gratuities and Allowances. Total Amount Salary and Gratuity. Edabliffied Charges.

£• s. d. £- *- d. £■ *■ £■ *■ d.

25 35 60

60 40 200

40 30 420

30 — — 25 55

30 20 50

30 — — 15 180

13° - 130

loo - 100

39 10 10 20 357 5 "

25 - 25

50 50 loo

30 30 60

30 15 45

15 10 25

57 4 6 - 57 + 6 ~ 1 I

96 16 6 - 96 16 6

89 15 2 - 89 15 2 — 1 I

100 17 10 - loo 17 10 " I f

49 19 3 - 49 19 3 " 1

75 11 4 - 75 11 4 1

20 11 7 6 62 15 —

40 4 11 — 44 11 —

20th April 1803.

Signed by Order,

W. J. Sec.

OBSERVATIONS.

Averaged on three vcars.

The Gratuities in this Statement are the usual average, but these Allowances vary according to the conduct of the Officers; by this method the Hoard hold in their hand part of the annual Wages, which is withheld in case of demerit.

No Fee of any kind whatsoever is allowed to be taken by any Officer of the Corporation (except those Rated for the Secretary).

There are no Pensions on this Establishment.

3ix,

ilis.

ACCOUNTS respecting the ANNUAL REVENUES and PI SBURSEM ENTS of the E A ST INDIA COMPANY.

BENGAL.

No. t.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahah, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Pod-Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Cudoms, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties; for Three Years; according to the latell Advices: Together with the lated Edimate of the fame.

Per Estimate,

1799-1800. 1800-l. 1801-2. 1802-3.

CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Duties - 2,30,183 45,8h 57,174 87,000

Pod Office Collections 2,49,517 2,43,862 2,63,719 2,69,120

Benares Revenue and Customs 48,47,233 51,65,387 46,26,491 56,52,680

Oude Subsidy, being the Re-

ceipts from the Nabob Vi-

2ier, for the Expences of

the Company's Troops employed in his Dominions, (a) (c)

&c. &c. - 92,24,383 1,16,49,818 1,48,68,246 1,69,68,480

Land and Sayer Revenues:

Collection thereof, includ-

ing former Year's Balances 3,11,31,196 3,11,87,666 3,19,63,027 3,11,19,320

Judicial Fees, and Fines, &c. 4,45,265 5,00,114 4,96,647 5,20,840

Cudoms - 13,34,040 14,11,580 28,57,641 30,62,400

Sale of Salt - 1,46,47,667 1,11,97,197 1,09,62,842 1,43,84,000

* Sale of Opium - 37,40,248 37,15,020 36,76,578 34,80,000

( Stamp Duties - 1,63,784 3,56,780 5,07,522 5,80,000

7 Total Revenues - CRS 6,40,84,726 6,65,83,346 7,12,79,887 7,61,23,840

• DeduCl Charges - CR' 4,43,74,618 4,70,24,004 4,73,34,782 4,53,50,655

Net Revenues - CR9 2,06,10,098 1*95,59*34* 2,39,45,105 3,07,73,185

(a.) Including CRS 55>9L5‘25* collected in the Ceded Provinces of Oude.

(c>) Revenues of the Ceded Provinces, Clt‘ 1,57,50,480; Arrears of Subsidy 1798-1799, CR9 12,18,000.

East India House, 1 28 th April 1803.3

(Errors excepted.)

No. 2.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY in the Provinces of Bengal, Baiiar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Cudoms, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office; for Three Years; according to the lated Advices: Together with the lated Edimate of the fame.

1799-1800. 1800-1.

CIVIL:' CR* CR*

Mint Charges - 3,h,9i6 1,87,017

Pod Office Charges - 2,17,369 2,04,202

Charges of the ltefidency of Benares - 7>45>°°9 7,67,305

Charges of the Resident's Office, &c. at Lucknow 2,17,723 2,34.938

Other Charges of the Civil Establishment 36,61,171 43,57,6.5

Total Civil Charges, CR9 5i,53,i88 57,51,120

JUDICIAL: Supreme Court of Judicature and Law Charges - 6,75,993 6,07,590

Charges of the Dewanny and Nizamut City, and Zillah Adawlut; also of the Police Edablishments, and Courts of Appeal 45,37,110 43-53"°26

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 5*2,13.11" 49,00,025

MILITARY: Charges on the Company's Account, including Contracts, Contingencies, and King's Troops 1,41,65,492 i,35-76,466

Charges on the Vizier’sAccount, 80,91,717 1,12,00,987

Total MilitaryCharges, CR9 2,22,57,209 247*77453

Marine - 6,35,115 4,02,204

Buildings and Fortifications 11,82,837 n.99,637

Revenue Charges, including Stipends - 53,84,653 . 51,24,651

Cudoms—Charges of Colleciion, 1,06,806 1,19,480

Salt—Advances and Charges 34,43,469 35,26,659

Opium - D° - - D° - 9,78,682 1 9.557 10,53,810

Stamp Office Charges - 18.365

Total Charges - Cll* 4,43,74,628 4,70,24.004

1801-2.

C1P

1,88,770

2,22,388

9*94>94i

(b)

5*14>003

jtf,82,325

65,02,427

Per Iftirnatc,

1802-3.

5>'9>787

41,12.329

46,32,1 it)

1,15>t>5, *21 1,41,28,627

2,:j<j.93.748j2.2+>4+4

CR*

1,85.600

2,32,000

8,51,67*

(»)

19,28,500

43,01,048

■74^820

5.25-33*

42.02.4 vl

48,19,78'

7,64,005

0,98,880

47A5A66

2,22,211

28,46,288

9,41,271 18,380

6, no, 000

8,00,4°°

49,08,191 2.50.56° 31,32.°"°

82j4,53-5°-'’°°_

(b.) Includes CR9 1,71,011. fir Charg (d.) Charges of the Ceded Provinces

th i0,3--o,0« .2l>0,oooo.

Wm Wright,

Auditor of India Account.*, t

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

98T

Accounts respcding The East India Company’s Revenues—

A

0

2$

BENGAL.

, No. 3.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVEN U ES of TH £ EAST INDIA CO MP ANY in the Prov'ioces of BewgaL, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude* under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxei, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1801-2; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distingui thing the fame under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of Collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year.

REVENUES.

Mint Duties

Post Office Collections

Benares Revenue, incl Customs

Oude Subsidy

Land Revenues -

Judicial Department,

Fines, &c.

Customs a

Sale of Salt

Sale of Opium -

Stamp Duties -

Total Revenues - CRS

Deduct Charges CR* Net Revenues - CR*

Estimated Actual Surplus in the Deficiency Estimated A&ualAmount Surplus in Deficiency in

Amount, Amount, Actual in the Attual Amount, paid, and due, Actual A&u«!

1. 1801-2. l8oi-2. Receipts. Receipts. CHARGES. CIVIL: 1801-2. 1801-2. Charges. Charges.

CR’ CR* CR* CR* CR’ CR* CR* CR*

- 69,600 57,174 to _ 12,426 Mint Charges - 1,74,000 1,77,866 3,866

* 2,34.784 2,63,719 28,935 Post Office Charges - 1,91,400 2,23,664 32,264

uding Charges of the Residency of Benares - 9,26,376 9,61,164 34,788

- 50,27,440 46,26,491 - 4,00,949 Charges of the Resident's Otiice at Lucknow 2,82,460 («) 5,i9,53> (0)2,37,071

* >,67,54.460 3,12,80,560 148,68,246 3,29,63,027 16,82,467 18,86,214 Other Charges of the Civil Department 38,53,636 43,35,917 4,82,28l

Fees, , Total Civil Charges, CR* 54,27,872 62,18,142 - j*0 7,90,270

- 5,27,800 4,96,647 - 3M53 JUDICIAL: ■

- 26,68,000 28,57,641 1,89,641 Supreme Court of Judicature, and Law Charges - 5,58,134 5,32,500

• 97,44,000 1,09,62,842 12,18,842 Charges of the Adawluts and Police - 43,04,180 43,44,329

37,12,000 36,76,578 35,4*22 Total Judicial Charges, CRS 48,62,314 48,76,829 H>515

4>93>00° 5>°7>522 14,522 MILITARY:

CR* 7,05,11,644 7,12,70,887 31>34»4°7 23,66,164 Charges on the Company’s Account - 1 >23,54,000 1,43,50,643

Net Surplus' of actual Re* 17,68,243 D° - - on the Vizier’s Account - 1,28,06,400 1,11,31,695

ceipts - - . Total Military Charges, CR* 2,51,60,400 2,54,82,338 3,21,938

CR* 4,58,22,007. 4,70,55,826 Net Surplus of Actual Charges } >2,33,819

CR* 2,46,89,637 2,42,24,061 Deficiency of \ Net Revenues \ \ 4,65,576 Marine Charges Buildings and Fortifications 6,02,040 8,81,600 6,42,231 9,89,091 +0,191 1,07,491

- Revenue Charges 47,20,272 47,95,640 75,368

Customs—Charges of Collodions - 2,23,509 3,43,091 19,582

Salt—Advances and Charges 29>23>200 28,46,288 - 76,912

Opium — Advances and Charges - 9,68,600 9>4L27i - 27,329

Stamp Office Charges 52,200 20,905 •» m 31,295

• Total Charges - CR* 4,58,22,007 4,70,55,826 13,69,355 1,35,536

Net Surplus of ) Actual Charges $ 12,33,819

(3) See Note (D) in N* 2.

Fall India House, 7 28th April 1803.)

(Errors excepted.)

W" Wright,

Auditor of Indi

988

Appendix.

A. 1803.

43

I,

i < Xj

s.)

'i/iSy

:d.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues—continued.

FORT St. GEORGE.

N° 4.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Sublidics from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for Three Years; according to the luted Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

1799-1800. 1800-1. 180 1-2. Per Estimate, 1802-3. 1799-180°. lSOO-1. 18 0 1-2. i’er 1802-3.

P«S* Pag‘ Pag* Pag* Pag* Pag* Pag* Pag*

Post Office Collections - - 79,112 44,775 37,595 4*2,000 Post Office Charges - - - 46,536 39,624 39,58* 40,000

Land and Sea Customs (Mint Civil and Judicial Charges - 3,90,751 3,67,296 3,87,861: 3,12.560

and Coinage Duties included) - - 1 >74,975 1,64,925 2,39,446 1,96,693' Military Charges (including

King’s Troops) - - - - 56,52,878 78,24,695 89,28,08() 71,34,813

Subsidy from the Nabob of

Arcot, and Revenues and Customs collected in the Buildings and Fortifications - 30,015 1,04,990 1,48,997 55,000

Carnatic, from August i8ot 9,20,128 9,00,000 21,95,122 27,09,088 Charges on the Revenues and 10,53,488

Subsidy from the Rajah, and Customs ----- 7, H,591 9,77,467 9,88,444

Revenues and Customs collected from Tanjore - - 7,21,326 8,18,851 10,44,043 9,67,137 Charges collecting the Revenues of the Carnatic, Pen-

Subsidy from the Rajah of fions, &c. ----- - 5,71,734 9,9°,59>

My fore, and Revenues collected from the Ceded and Conquered Countries - - 2M2»33i 33,75,8oo 37,34,826 36,33,423 Charges collecting the Revenues of Tanjore, Pensions, <Src. ----- 1,72,283 5,89,988 4,28,765 4,74,3«

Subsidy from the Nizam, and *

Revenues of the Countries ceded in lieu of Subsidy 5,32.236 9.16,505 15,85,610 13,98,651 Charges of Ceylon and

Dutch Settlements, includ-

Land Revenues - - 22,08,847 23,94,497 27,39,930 24,66,330 ing Charges of Dutch Prisoners ----- 2,20,780 2,14,937 1,39,738 16,711

Farms and Licences - - -Revenues of Dutch Settle- 1,16,859 1,32,721 1,90,793 2,10,112 Charges and Stipends in My-fore, and in the Ceded and Conquered Countries - - 4,36,867 8,42,226 8,66,817 9,3i,i46

ments 60,527 1,02,595 56,660 52,489 Charges collecting the Reve-

Total Revenues - Pagodas nues of the Countries ceded

70,56,341 88,50,669 1,18,24,025 1,16,75,923 by the Nizam, Pensions, &c. ----- 52,674 2,i3,°°5 2,80,65#

Deduct Charges - 1,13,89,191 Total Charges - - 76,64,701 1,10,13,807 1,27,13,038 1,13,89,1*91

Net Revenues - - - - Pag* 2,86,732 Deduct Revenues 70,56,341 88,50,660 1,18,24,025

1 8,89,013

Net Charges - Pagodas 6,08,360 21,63,228

N° 5-

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and tht Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; ' distinguishing the fame under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices*. Together with the latest Estimate of the lame.

AC'

L

C

li

East India Uoufe,") 28th April 1803 J

IE

bt

.lb

b.:

<6

(Errors excepted.)

JVm Wright,

Auditor of India Account*

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

989

Accounts reiperting The Ealt I ndia Company’s Revenues—continued.

FORT Sr. GEORGE.

No. 6:

/ -

Ap:

(Nc

28°.

con

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Pod Office'Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1801-2; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the fame respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Military Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs. v

i— Estimated Actual Actual Amouni paid and due

Amount to be Amount Surplus in the Deficiency in Estimated Surplus in Deficiency-

received for received in Actual the Actual Amount in on Account 1 80 1-2. the Actual in the Actual

lSoi-2. 1 801-2. Receipts. Receipts. 1801-2. Charges. Charges.

Revenues. Pag* Pag* Pag* Pag* CHARGES; Pag* Pag* Pao* 0 Pag*

jPoft Office Collections - - 39,800 37,595 - - r 2,205 Poll Office Charges - - - 39,7'C 1 39,58o 136

Land and Sea Customs - - 1,36,905 2,39,446 1,02,541 Civil Charges - - - - 3,31,58s > 3,85,218 53,629

Subfdy from the Nabob of Military Charges (including

Arcot, and Revenues of King’s Troops) - - - 83,53,171 87,09,987 3,56,816

the Carnatic - - - - 9,00,000 21,95,122 12,95,122 Buildings and Fortifications 84,571 i,48,£»97 64,426

1)® - - from the Rajah of

Tanjore, and Revenues collected from his Coun- Charges on the Revenues and 9,62,665

tries ----- 11,94,884 »o,44,°43 - 1,50,841 Customs ----- 9,47,5H 15,151

IP - - from the Rajah of D° — on - - D° - - and

Mysore, and Revenues of Ceded Countries 1792, and Conquered Coun- D° of the Carnatic D° - - on - - D° - - and Not Estimated. 5,71,734 5,71,734

tries 1799 - - - - 34,06,591 37,34,826 3,28,235

D° of the Ceded and Conquered Countries, in- y

Subsidy from the Nizam, cluding Mylore Stipends 8,83,794 8,26,817 - - - 58,977

and Revenues of the Countries ceded by him 13,57,6^3 15,85,610 2,27,927 D° - - on the Revenues of •

1 Tanjore ----- 4,68,853 4,26,765 - - - 42,088

Land Revenues - - - - 25,17,854 27,39,930 2,22,076 Charges of Ceylon and Dutch

Farms and Licences 1,41,056 1,90,793 49,737 Settlements, including Dutch Prisoners - - 63,019 1,39,738 76,719

Revenues of Dutch Settle- Charges collecting the Re-

ments ----- 52,828 56,660 3,832

venues and Customs of the Countries ceded by the Nizam ——

2,08,900 2,13,005 4>io5

*Total Revenues - Pagodas 97,47,601 1,18,24,025 22,29,470 1,53,046

Net Surplus of Actual | Receipts. 3 20,76,424 Total Charges - Pagodas 1,13,98,278 LH>°9,355 11,27,429 1,16,352

' Net Surplus

10,11*077

- - of Actual [ Charges.

/ / Deduct Revenues - - - 97,47,601 1,18,24,025 20,76,424 " Net Surplus of Actual

[_ Receipts.

Net Charges - Pagodas 16,50,677 5,85,330 10,65,347 ' Deftcierty of | Actual Net , Charges. v

&ift fndia House, 7 28th April 1803. 3

Vol. a.

V '

(Errors excepted.)

it U

Wm Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

> ^.oogie

990

Appendix.

A. 1803,

ndix,

•48.)

iprilis,

iniicd.

Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—cuntirmtd.

BOMBAY*

No. 7.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Prclidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fuborciinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Ell imate of the fame.

1799-1800. 1800-I. lSOl-2. Per Estimate, 1802-3.

Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees.

Land Revenues - - - - 2,78,791 4>°1,159 4,85,076 0 00 T CO 10

Customs and Duties - - - 6,21,150 0,46,710 11,42,681 10,51,500

Farms and Licences - - - 3,7 8,962 5,95,9°6 7,10,718 8,49,500

Suhlidy from the Rajah of Travancore - 3,8i,457 3,81,457 3,81,457 1 3,81,257 j

Suhlidy from the Rajah of Ciuycowar - 1 i 7, So,oooo

Revenue from the Ceded Countries, including Cui-toins, &c. ' 20*34>4‘23 (a.) 2,21,052

Total Revenues - - Rs 36,94,783 25,46,284 j 27,19,932 36,46,937

(a.) Transferred to Fort St. George, from ill July 1800.

Ea(l India House, 7 sSth April 1803. 3

No. 8.

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE E\ST INDIA COMPANY, at the Prehdency of Bombay, and the Srrttleujfu’s subordinate thereto; diliingiiishing the fame under the respective Beads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs; for Three Years; according to the

Civil Charges ——

Marine Charges ——

Military Charges (including King’s Troops) - -

Buildings and Fortifications

Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs -

Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs, &c. of the Ceded Countries - -

Total Charges -

Deduct Revenues -

Net Charges ——

with the latest Estimate of the lame* O — —

1799-180°. Per Eft’-ir.jTr,

1800-1. 1801-2. 1802-3.

Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupee?.

14,59,63! 12,69,416 14,78,104

1 *,99,316 *3>5<M55 10,3s,817 10,39.000

92,36,003 80,42,672 76,09,43+ 49»95-5w

2,00,170 1,91,226 1,48,172 2,15,000

1.91,14+ 4,92,806 4-34,451 489,95*

(a.)

8,10,057 1,81,144

1,32,87,221 ',15,33,719 1,07,08.9781 80,65,835

36,94,783 25,46,284 '27-19-932 36,46-937

95,92,438 89,87,435 79,89,04e| 44*18,809

(Errors excepted.)

lVm Wright

Auditor of India Accounts.

B O M B A T.

No. 9.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidenry of Eomeat. and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, 6:c. for the \ear 1801-2; and oi u Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the fame respectively under tin lfU,a Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and, Collecting the Revenues and Customs.

REVENUES: Estimated Amount to bz received in l8oi-2. ActualAmount to be received in 1 So 1-2. Surplus in the A final Receipts. I Deficiency in the Actual Receipts. CHARGES: Efii mated Amount in l8oi-2. Actual Amount paid and due on Account, l8oi-2. Surplul in tbs Actual Ci. Aiges.

Ra IV R>

R* R* R- R*

Land Revenues - - - - 4,‘23>93° 4,85,076 61,146 Civil Charges - 12,99,240 14,03,102 1,03,862

Customs ----- Farms and Licences - - - 2,95,840 7,15,000 11,42,681 7,10,718 2,46,841 4,282 Marine Charges - - - - Military Charges (including King’s Troops) - - - - 11,80,200 72,47,100 9,80,160 76,19,056 3-7'-936

Subsidy from the Rajah of Travancore ----- 3,81,457 3,81,457 Buildings and Fortifications Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - - - 3,19,800 4,89,735 1,48,172 4,03,182 — «• m

Total Revenues - - Rs 24,16,227 27,19,932 3,07,987 4,282 To till Charges - - R* 1,05,36,075 1,05,53-672 Net Surplus

Net Surplus in the 7 Actual Revenues - - $ 3,03,705 Dedu6t Revenues - - - 24,16,227 -27,19,932 in A«ual Charge* - Net Surplus in Actual Revenues ' '

Net Charges - - Rup* 81,19,848 78,33,740 Deficiency A final Net Charges - '

Del'd:3C»

intbeAca

Chr:«

R*

*2,00,04°

1^,

K

East India House, > 28U1 April 1803. 5

(Errors excepted.)

Wm Wright,

Auditor of ludia Accost*-

o

43 Geo. III.

Appendix

■JTd

991

Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—continual.

N° IO.

BENGAL:

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates MADRAS:

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates BOMBAY:

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates

India House, 1 April 1803. i

East India 28th

(Errors excepted.)

JVm Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

A pi

(X 28°.

* con

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPAN Y, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bom hay, so far as the fame can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively; for Three Years; according to the latest Acts ices: Together with the latest Eli i mate of the fame.

1799-1800. 1 800-1. 1801-2. Per Estimate, 1S02-3.

CR# CR* CR* CR*

- 19.32,3*21 1(5,30,751 14,18,474 15.54.2*59

Pag5 Pag* Pag* Pag5

- 3-54-°3° 2,05,937 U45.P17 i,37,°3o

Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees.

2,77>8-4 2,(57»093 4»47,337 2,39,000

N* 10.

An ACCOUNT of the EXPENCF.S of the Rcfulency of Fort Mar lb no’ and its Dependencies; for Three Years; according' to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Eftinmte of the fame.

1799-9- 1799-1800. 1800-1. Per Estimate, l8oi-2.

Civil Charges Dollars 1,60,411 1,17,506 2,08,260 ^71,500

Military Charges ----- 2?37,910 1,79,623 1,68,750 1,67,000

Buildings and Fortifications - 86,011 33.929 31,963 1,000

Total Charges - Deduct, 4.84.332 3.31,058 4,08,973 3-39,500

Revenues anting from Customs, Farms, and Licences - 24.510 35,933 45,236 50,030

Net Charges - - Dollars 4.59.822 2,95,125 3,63,737 2,89.47°

East India House, 1

28th April 1803. ) (Errors excepted.)

Wm Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

N° 10.

AMOUNT of the EXPENCES of the I (laud of St. Helena, and the Faflory of Canton; for Three Years; according to

the latest Advices.

1798-9. 1799-1800. 1800-1.

St. HELENA:

Civil Charges 12,351 13,558 13,126

Military* Charges 39,796 37,9i6 41,809

Buildings and Fortifications - 1 6,008 3,946 4,170

Total Charges - £. 58,155 55,420 59,105

Deduct, 1,218

Revenues arising from Rents, Farms, and Customs - iji°7 1,231

Net Charges £. 57,o48 54,202 57,874

CANTON: 1799-180 0. 1800-1. 1801-2.

Factory Charges ----- Tales 1 13,660 130,152 135,574

At 6 s. 8 d. per Tale - - £. St* 37,886 43,384 45,191

East India House, 7

28th April 1803. j (Errors excepted.)

Wright,

b£*ita* of India Accounts,

992

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues—continued.

No. 23.

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to the lft day of March 1803, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale oi Goods and Merchandize of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY in Great Britain; and of their Commercial and olliei1 Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Eli:mate of the lame for the Current Year; 'and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float.

Amount of the PROCEEDS of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company jn Great Britain; and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments hi Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with Eliimate of the fame for the Current Year.

RECEIPTS:

- - 1 ft March 1802 to 3ft March 1803 - - - PAYMENTS:

r

Cadi in the Treasury on lft March 1802 (Morn- £■ d-

ing) exclusive of Duty on Tea , - 168,759 4 i°

Company's Goods fold - 6,97*,4'7 3 6

Private Trade Goods fold 2,913,945 16 7

Charges and Profit on Private Trade 172,474 6 8

Customs - - - on D* 68,354 18 11

Freight - - - on D* 49,471 6 6

One Year's Interest received of the Bank of

England, being the Company's Share of the

Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably

to Ad 33 Geo. III. cap. 47. 36,226 15 10

Persons returned from India - 1,000

Bonds idued ----- 303,000

Loyalty Loan *• , - 14,006 5 —

£■ 10,699,6551710

Cult on is -

Freight and Demorage -Goods and Stores Exported -India Debt -

Bills of Exchange drawn from India - - - Ditto ----- China -

Bullion Exported -

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra-cargoes Comunfliun, and Interest on Loans, ike. -

Indigo Contractors -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds

Bonds bought up, and paid in on Sales -

Bonds paid off ——

Proprietors of Private Trade -

Almshouses at Poplar -

Captains whose Ships are worn out

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough and retired from Service -

Bank of England, for Loan on Bond

Balance of Cadi 1 It March 1803

ESTIMATE of the fame for the Current Year, from lft March 1803 to lft March 1804:

Cash in the Treasury on lft March 1803 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on Tea ...

Company’s Goods fold, and to be sold

lion*’1' Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre delivered

Private Trade Goods fold before lft March 1803

Charges and Profit on Private Trade

One Year’s Interest at £.3 per-Cent. per ann. on £• 1i-°7>559- 15*. the Company’s Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank agreeably to Act of Parliament ——

Persons returned from India' -

Loyalty Loan ......

Government, on Account of what due to the Company -

Beuds paid in on Sales, which may be re-issued

184.490 5 7 i»641»,943 15 4 1.9*3.391 9 10

166,663 15 — 380,058 14 4 390,802 — 10 629,967 1 1

776,209 15 — 2,840 9 6 705,309 10 5 I5>7°° — — 12 10 —■

*,603,37714 —

7,788 — a

33,11414 9

60,163 2 1 100,000 —

9,689,833 18 8

1,009,821 19 2

10,699,0551710

£■ '■ d. Customs -

1,009,822 Freight and Demorage -

6,085,500 Goods and Stores Exported - Indian Debt -

48,000 Bills of Exchange from India and China

700,000 Bullion to be Exported

150,000 Charges on Merchandize, including Supra-cargoes, Commission, Interest on Loans, Commercial ltelidents in India, Buildings, &c. -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds

36,226 Bonds drawn to be paid off -Proprietors of Private Trade -

15,000 Captains whose Ships are worn out

291,330 Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough, and retired from Service -

Warrants passed the Court unpaid -

1,000,000 Buyers of Tea returned -

266,600 Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities

Balance in Favour id March, 1804 -

9,602,478

£■ *• d-

102,#78-----

I,28Q,600 -----‘

1,918,907-----’

500,000 -

887,462 -

1,732,000 -

750,000

730,00°

15,517

752,90°

34,55°

60,000

33,300

971

700,000

9,513,085

89,393

9,602,478 —

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

993

Accounts respecting The East India Company’s Revenues—continued.

A STATEMENT of their BOND DEBTS and SIMPLE CONTRACT DEBTS, with the Rates 6f Interest they

respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of the Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float, on the ill day of March 1803.

Append (No. i a8* Api

contxn

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

Bonds bearing Interest at £. 5 per-Cent. per annum -

Bonds not bearing Interest ......

Bills of Exchange unpaid from China ......

— D° - - - India -

— D*- - -- -- - India, on Acco* of the Indian Debt ——

Customs on Goods fold and unfold -

the Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities at £.4 per-Cent. per annum

D° - - for Interest on the above Loans -

Freight and Demora^e ——

Supra-cargoes Commission on Goods fold and unfold -

Proprietors of Private Trade on all Goods fold -

Almshouses at Poplar -

Interest on Military Fund more than applied -

D° - - Contingent - - D°

what owing in the Department of the Committee of Shipping, exclusive of Exports what owing for Exports of former Seasons -

what owing for Bonds iiliied to Commanders whose Ships are worn out -what owing to the Warehouse Contingent Fund -

Warrants passed the Court unpaid -

what owing for Teas returned by the Buyers, and refold -

Interest on Bonds - ......

Dividends on Stock - ......

Balance in Favour -

>.733,400 -15,517 -

233,654 -

582,82a -34,992 -73,4go -700,000 -

9,333 -200,000 -81,000 -752,900 -64,696 -

12,334 '

2,449 50,200 45,690 36,074

1,537

38,300

971

52,922

51,615

4,773,886

12,666,707

I7,440l593 —

By what due from the Government to the Company ...... £•

By Cash, its Balance on ift March 1803, including Cash belonging to the separate Fund - £*994>3°5 By Cash reserved to pay off Bonds advertised to be paid off - - - 15»517

By the Amount of Goods fold not paid for-----'-----" By the Honble Board of Ordnance for Saltpetre delivered - - - "

By the Value of Goods in England unfold -

By Prime Coll of Cargoes arrived, but not unladen ——

By Cargoes from England not arrived in India and China at the Dates of the several Quick Stocks By Exports paid for, exclusive of Bullion ——

By Silver exported, and remaining in the Treasury, paid for-- ......

By Impress and War Allowances paid Owners of Ships not arrived in England "

By the Value of Ships, Sloops, and Vessels, exclusive of those ltationed abroad.

By the Value of the East India I Joufe and Warehouses, &c.

By what due from Government for Stores and Supplies to Ills Majest/s Troops, as per Account made up to lit February 1802 -

By what owing from sundry Persons returned from India, and in India, to be repaid in England -

By Loyalty Loan, estimated to produce ......

1,207,560-----

1,009,822-----*

1,280,000 — — 48,000 — —

4,2597554 — —

44,147-----

2,515,057-----

1,245,562-----

468,384-----

375,55° — —

, 77,56o-----

974,179 — —

3,573,339 -

7°,549 -

29L33°-----

17,440>593 -

An ACCOUNT of New or Increased Salaries, Establishments, or Pensions, payable in Great Britain, which have been granted

or created between ift March 1802 and ift March 1803.

£.200 - -

100 - -*3° - " 450 - -

Total £. 980

Pension to Mrs. Roub, Widow of the Company's late Counsel. increase of Pension to Lieutenant Colonel Brooke.

Pensions to Widows of Deceased Officers, late in the Company’s Service, increase of Salary to Junior Clerks, as per Courts Resolution of February 1,801.

East India House, > 28th April 1803. 3

(Errors excepted.)

Cha' Cartwright,

Accountant General*

Vet. 58.

11 X

994

Appendix.

A. 1803.

X,

i.

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Produce of the Revenues verted in the Governors of the BOUNTY of QUEEN ANNE, fir the Year:—And also, An Account oi the Annual Application of the said Revenues by the said Governors, and in what Mode the Annual Surplus Year, and to what Amount in the Whole for each Year?—And also. Ail Account of the Number of Benefices augmentable as not exceeding £.$q

'- 1 - j — - ...... ——

ANNUAL REVENUE.

1705

8

9

10

11

12

13

H

15

16

17

18 it)

1720

1

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1730

1

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

17+0

1

2

3

4

5

6

1750

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1760

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

Received at the Exchequer for

First Fruit* and Tenths.

For the Augmentation' of Livings (named) by Benefactors.

For

Ceneral Purposes, and other Casual Revenue.

Infereft

Money.

TOTALS.

At the time of the firrt Incorporation of the Governors, the Revenue of the First Fruits and Tenths was charged with Grants and Pensions (several of them for Life) to the Value of about £. 11,000 per annum, and with an Arrear of the fame, amounting to about £.21,000; whereby the Revenue was for many Years rendered inertedual for the Purposes of the Charity.

£■ s-

500-----

6.000 -

542 7 4i

1,334

1,488 10 11 2,866-----

2.300 -

4.000 -

2.300 -

10,200-----

1,200-----

7.000 -

i,3oo

19,000

12.000 -

30.000 -

27.400 -

14.400 -

29,908 18 —

L3A37 13

28,741 14 11,200 — 12,500 —

12,000 -r-26,400 --

27.700 -

14.700 -

13.300 -

13>5°o -

14.100 -

12.200 -

1.1.100 -

11.200 -

14.300 — -—

14.400 -----—

15j5°°-----

16.000-----

16,600 — — 16,500-----

10.700 -

27.200 -

14.300 -

14.400 -

14,800-----

14,900-----

29.000 —

14.000 -

16.000 -

*6,300 -

3°,7°o -

14.000 -14,100 -13,800'-

£■ ». d. £• s- d. £. s. d. £■ s. d.

- * - 500 — —

_ _ _ _ _ 6,000

- 565 1 n - - 1,107 8 nl

- 150 — - - 1,484 1 H

- - 560 — - - 2,048 10 n

- - 260 — — 62 1 7 ' 3,188 1 7

- - - l6o -— — 179 15 — 2,639 15 —

600 60 — 3«0 — — 5.040 — —

400 60 — 530 — — 3,290 — —

1,863 6 8 60 — 60O — 2,5-3 6 8

1,100 — M9 7 li 750 — — 12,199 7 1A

450 — — 57 10 — 805 — 13,3*2 10 —

5,955 — . 1.586 15 M,54i 15

3,618 12 4 * 13; ,46019 2,375 — 31.454 12 —i

4>75* 15 10 - - - 2,469 19 2 26,222 15 —

1,602 id _ 3»°52 9 2 4,c54 19 2

0 <0 CO CO - - - 3,332 11 2 24-319 1 2

3,606 10 1; ,oooo — 3,545 10 10 8,152 — lO

7’777 — h ,000 — — 4,510 12 8? 43.287 12 Sg

5.578 10 - - - 5,535 10 H 38,514 — 8

3.779 18 - 5,855 11 2 24,°35 9 0

6,275 — - - -• 5,473 15 8 11,748 15 8

6,072 — 20 — 5,697 19 8 41,098 17 8

3,809 — - _ - 6,188 — — 9,997 — —

3,305 5 — - - - 6,508 12 — 22,951 10 6

5,735 7 5 I40 — 6,298 17 4 4°,9>5 19 3

4,33i 7 6 - - 6,208 17 4 •21,830 4 10

3,122 11 3 - - - 6,180 — — 21,802 11 3

1,872 15 9 - - - 6,260 — — 8,132 15 9

5,090 — — 355 — — 6,304 ~ — 23,749 — —

3,i7o — — ' - - 6,404 — — 35,974 — —

6,340 — — 100 — — 6,864 6 4 13,304 6 4

4,840 — — 200 — — 7,240 — — 39,980 — —

2,500 — - - 7>5S4 — — 24,784 — —

2,050 9 2 - 7,960 — — . 23,310 9 2

4,3*o — — 500 — — 7,892 — — 26,202 — —

3,602 - 7,872 15 6 2.5,574 15 6

2,600 — — 1 ,000 — — 7,684 15 3 23.4R4 15 3

3,°°o — 10 " - - 7,74° 15 6 25,840 16 4

2,100 — — ~ - - 8,012 — — 24,312 — —

1,050 — — ' - - - 8,10a — — 24,35° — —

2 ?oooo — - - - 8,228 5 3 24,(328 5 3

3,197 — —- - - - 8,548 — 27,245

3,500 10 — - - - 8,872 — 28,372 10

3,000 - 8,3*4 — — 27.9H — —

2,225 — — 200 — . — 8,309 — — 27,234 — —

3,850 - 8,369 10 — 23,219 10 —

* 5,050 - 8,841 — — 13,891 — —-

6,770 — — - - 9,270 19 6[ 43s240 19 6£

4,100 — — " - - 9,994 18 2 28,394 18 2

3,800 — — - - 10,491 18 2 28,6c» 1 18 2

4,225 - 9,76.3 16 2 28,788 16 2

4,700 — - - 9,5^ —- 6 29,110 — 6

3,377 5 — - - - 9,572 5 6 12,949 10 6

7,100 - 9,653 12 0 45,753 12 9

3,800 — — " - 9,613 18 3 27,413 18 3

7,000 — — - - 9,474 — — 32,474 —

t 6,504 9 ' 7 - - 9,615 8 3 16,119 i°

- 1 17,1*7 - - 9,579 — — 43,066

- S,"°6 16 - 10,364 8 5 44>H7i 4 5

3,484 13 t 4 - - 10,625 — 8 28,109 14

4,800 — 4,3oo — . — w Gi 09 0 - 1 9 3 H.093 — 11.205 10 8 8 30,324 29,335 9 10 11 8

• This Sum is a Moiety of the* Residue of the Efate of Robert Ofbolfton j which Moiety he gav( by his Will to tb<* Governors for Augmenting Pout Livings, subject to a Moiety of lame small Annuities.

* This Sum comprises £. 5^0. given for the Augm^tat of the Vicarage of Pocklington, in lieu of which the Cloven. t«, i?54» accepted a Transfer of JT, 500. S. S. Annuities 1751, <£-455 or which have been fold.

In 1755* £■ 600. South Sea Annuities 1751 were transferred ir.to the N.*me of the Governors, in Sirisfac'i-.n of a Legacy of £» 5Cl given for augmenting the Vicarage of Greetham, when capita the Dividends of which are pa.d to the Vicar.

In 175?, £. 550. then 3 ‘ per Cent B*nk Annuities, were tran-l ferred to the Governors towards S.itisf. <ffion of a Debt owing 61 James Henderlon (formerly Receiver of the First Fruits) at the time of his Death.

f This Sum comprises £, 104. 91. •jJ. the Produce of £• 12^ 3 •per-Cent. Reduceu Bank Annuities, which were transferred to t. * Governors towards the Augmentation of the V. of Kirby Wharf t Th.» Sum comprises 13,7^7. (invested by the Governor* in New S. S. Annuities) the ReliJue of the Estate of Urlula Tayi-bequeath-d to them by her Will in 1722, to augment Iroall Living') to be added to the Bounty for purchasing Lands j and whiih. w the accumulating Dividends on those Annuities, was from time to time applied for the Augmentation of Livings n:.med by the Repic ei.Mi.ves of the f.iid Drfula Taylor.

*n 1769* £■ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Bank Annuififl were tra-s/erred into the Name of the Governors, in fat i ? faction of * Legacy of £. 500. given for augmenting the Curacy of IVye, wher capable j the Dividends of which are paid to the Curate,

43 Geo. Ill,

P'i?!

VJK,

Appendix.

995

Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy; from the time of their first Incorporation to the ift day of January 1803; distinguishing each Revenues have been applied in each \ ear: To which is lubjoined, An Account, specitying the Numbers of Augmentations made by the Governors in each

per annum, according to their certified Values into the Exchequer, and the Returns made to the Governors. '

ANNUAL APPLICATION.

I Paid I Exchequer I and I Treasury Fees Paid for Purchases. Paid the Clergy Interest of Money appropriated for Augmentation of their Livings, Unlaid out. Salaries oaid tc the Secretary, Treasurer, and JVlcfienger and Allowances Clerks at the Bounty Office. > Salaries V and Allowance! * at the to Tenths Office. Solicitor^ j for Conveyance and Dupl cates . Counsels Fees, Stamps, dec. House Rent, 5 Repairs, * and Taxes, and sundry D fburfements.

l1°5) £‘ *. 1 £■ *• d £. d. £. s. d. £. d. £• d. £■ *• d

7 20 5 — - - 449 3 — . - . - - * 30 10 —

8 19 5 — - 301 18 —

9 j 20 11 6 - ... 211 4 2

I 10 33 3 6 - ... 186 5 6

11 | 38 1 8 - ... 474 10 — ... 81 17 6 ,

12 1 84 lS 3 - ... 2.55 5 2

13 64 4 — - ... *240

14 106 I4 - . 209 ID ... 186 7 6 — —

15 64 4 — 400 14.5 242 10 3

16 - 520 — — 443 15 — 343 7 6 - . -

>7 268 8 — 863 10 — 389 9 6 ... 57 18 — ...

18 [ 306 17 — 1,-50 987 3 8 280 562 8 — 29 15 — 39 6 8

19 181 16 6 1/235 1,709 4 10 330 5°2 8 — 130 11 — 30

1720 306 16 6 4,171 12 — 2,27$ 5 7 370 562 8 — 113 7 1 19 J® 9

1 j 489 3 — 3,600 2,654 2 — 335 ~ — 5°*2 8 — 260 26 2 4

2 - - - 4,8lO 3.263 7 5 375 562 8 — 60 20 8 8

3 300 14 — 5,9U° 3,235 18 81 240 562 8 — 710 10 19 6{

4 - 7,150 3,616 8 8* 620 — 562 8 — 60 . 14 18 11'

5 757 17 6 6,960 4,245 2 84 550 562 8 — 723 2 6 •9 14 6.1

6 700 15 — 3,620 4,8.55 I Hj 550 562 8 — 259 3 8 85 8 —

7 367 17 6 6,677 16 — 5,480 10 u4 550 562 8 — 229 14 4 71

8 6,700 5,877 12 8j 550 562 8 — 251 12 99 8 4

9 764 14 — 4,360 5,919 2 84 550 562 8 — 215 18 4 70 11 8

1730 - 7,950 6,538 8 8 j 425 281 4 — 231 18 9 40 ll 6

1 33<5 17 6 13,300 6,227 8 9 675 843 12 — 358 H 2 101 11 —

2 735 7 6 19>596 15 — 5.857 12 8* 5-5 562 8 — 442 13 8 82 8 3

3 288 8 _ 13*950 5.86i 5 9 550 - 562 8 — 358 16 8 *•7 9 5

4 320 l8 *5>485 5,573 14 3 575 562 8 — 554 13 8 99 13 JO

5 14,105 5,356 5 9 550 562 8 — 4-6 7 5 277 J3 3

6 308 8 — 9*705 4,9i7 7 2> 530 562 8 — - 224 15 3 126 — 4

7 676 5 6 13,144 4,435 10 2 1 362 10 — 562 8 — 601 — 3 89 7 3

8 ... 9*139 — 3 4,925 4 8f 762 10 — 562 8 — 424 3 — 160 17 32

9 709 6 — 10,771 5,095 6 6 550 56* 8 — 44O l6 2 125 9 9

1740 [ 3/6 1 6 7,880 5,150 11 6 550 562 8 — sn 11 2 08 18 5

1 341 1 6 8,080 — — 5,7ii 2 9 550 5 62 8 — "53 9 5 89 10 7

2 346 1 6 22,172 * 4,57 4ii? 550 562 8 — 624 13 9 82 5 -

3 361 1 6 25,191 4,573 17 i‘r 550 562 8 — 661 7 3 77 >3 10

4 3•3 12 — 18,211 — — 4,146 1 3 4-5 562 8 — 657 5 6 77 18 10

5 386 1 6 12,31.5 4,242 — 4 675 — — 281 4 — 744 *5 11 110 8 2

6 363 11 6 16,833 4,582 9 8 425 562 8 — 518 6 7 97 6 5

7 366 1 6 14,524 10 — 4,413 15 10 > 675 562 8 — 558 13 4 9i 6 4

8 3'’8 11 6 12,584 10 — 4,342 18 '2 *550 562 8 — 369 11 6 89 3 1

9 396 1 6 11,400 — 4*134 1 M 550 7 . 562 8 — 5 4 19 4 90 2 4

1750 408 11 6 i;3*3i5 4’’3*> 5! ~3fj 5-5 562 8 — 476. 10 8 1 I06 13

1 423 11 6 12,519 18 11 4*368 3 10-* 550 .. 562 8 — 321 16 10 85 »i 5

2 421 1 6 9*79(> 5*ou 13 5 53o 281 4 — 4^ 4 3 >73 >2 9

3 276 1 6 10,620 —1 — 4,848 11 -6 ■4 "5 - 8431 > — 276 — 6 378 14

4 - 10,207 — 4,601 1 J) .6'75 7 561 8 — 479 i° 10 154

5 697 .3 — 3,206 — — 5*554 — n 55 0 562 $ — 239 H 4 149 12 10

6 306 1 6 8,087 i° — 5,850 12 5 V 575 562 8 — 340 2 8 125 14 —i

7 368 11 6 9*475 — — 5,798 14 62 55° 28l 4 400 16 10 >3i 4 3

8 3/8 ii 6 1 13*763. 10 — 6,(35 1 5 55° 562 8 — 480 5 6 128 l6

9 381 -*-- 19,788 r 4,700 7 4 400 - 602 7 4 66 — 11

1760 19,943 10 — 4/84 — 10 67.1 1,124 *6 — 634 18 8 162 3 11

1 744 5 — 10,031 4,613 .4 11 575 562 8 — 697 7 2 116 12 11

2 358 n 6 •. 17,803 6 8 4,534 3 5 550 5 62 8 — 797 15 — 117 — 7

3 408 11 6 s 11,649 4,384 6 4 55° — " 562 8 —- 792 16 2 331 5 —

4 * 11,406 4073 17 3 550 562 8 — 668 17 2 145 12 1

5 416 1 6 s 21,038 9 7 40 73 7 5 5-5 562 8 — 762 — 1 201 13 —

6 784 *3 — 1 13,180 4,141 13 10 4-5 562 8' —- 501 18 5 89 3 >i

7 358 11 6 1 ! 3,647 5,386 12 4 700 562 8 — 574 9 >9> 7 4

8 360 11 — ] 16,685 5,710 7 2 55° 562 8 — 592 17 — 161 12 2

9 353 I — 1 l6,8lO 5,266 18 2 55° 562 8 — 724 11 7 tfpSfedfy

Payments for Arrvus ,md Purchsfe of a Pension , t<jt new ’■'•ok of Tenths, [and Act for bertvr toileting rh*m.

£■ s.

... ...©

Sums were Moieties of Annuities charged on Mr. Oiho (ton's Estate,

55 — — 55-----

Anna ties Paid.

43 15 —

40-----

50-----

40-----

30-----

25-----

1*5 —

15 — —

15-----

15-----

15-----

This Column is discomicued in the foKuwing j| Page, th P.iy-mcnrs ce*/ing ac this Period.

TOTALS.

£. s.

499 18 —

3'2i 3

6,231 2 — 6,46a 17 8

>,390 12 7 1,610 1 7

1,200 — — 3*794 9 2

353 39 10 694 3 3

‘ 3°4 4 —

- - ~ 562 11 6

853 34 3

- - - 1*307 2 6

- - - 2,889 5 6

89 5 4 3,544 35 8

- - 4, >79 — 4

7»8"3 >9

rid

7,98115 4

9,13419 1

11,000 — 8

12,0-315 8

13,8.38 5 3

10,66216 71

13,964 6 9h

H, J5i 15 *4

12,457 H 84

15,482 a Ilf

21,948 3 5

27,817 5 if

2i,6S8 7 10

23,171 7 9

21,277 H 5

16,393 18 9i

19,871 1 ‘J

15,974 3 3

18,254 6 5

14,030 10 7

15,587 12 3

28,924 13 ‘4

31,977 i° 6i

24,393 5 7

*8,754 9 11

23,382 2 2

21,191 15 —

18,867 2 3

17,656 13 1

19,530 8 5 J

19,33' 1° 4

16,713 15: 11

17,667 19 6

16.679 10 5

10,958 19 1

15,907 8 6

17,005 11 - -4

21,898 12 5

25,937 *7 1

27,224 9 5

27,339 l8 -

34,723 5 2

2 8,478 7

27,5oG 14 27,678 19 10,684 17 21,420 9

24,622 15

24,45718

6

7

2

11

4

5

A;

C

996

.lix,

9-)

'■it,

'cd.

Appendix.

A. 1803.

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Revenues vested in the Governors of the Bounty of

ANNUAL REVENUE.

Received at the Exchequer, for First Fruits and Tenths. For the Augmentation of Livings (named) by Benefactors. For General Purposes, and other Casual Revenue. Interest Money.

£• d. £■ s. d. £. s. dm £■ S. 1 dm

*77 0 * 14,600 — — 4.7oo - - - * 1,842 — 8

1 15,300 — — 3,500 —- — - - - 11,647 11 —

2 l.f, Si>0 — 4.650 - - - 11,874 — —

3 ,-,000 — — 5450 - - - 12,897 1 4

4 14,30° — — 2,650 - - - 11.475 — 4

5 14400 — — 5*153 - - * 12,521 3 9 i

6 14400 — — 3,0.50 - - - 12,886 1 4

7 14,100 — — 4,500 - - 12,911 15 8

8 13,900 — — 2,;]O0 - * - 13,301 10 8

9 14,600 — — 2,000 —> - " 13,445 — —

17S0 14,700 — — 2,400 - - - 14,1/9 6 —

1 14,269 I H 1,200 - - * 14,826 10 8

2 14,854 11 n/ 1,000 - . - " 14,57‘ '5 —

3 15t5H 1 2 l.QOO - - " 14,849 — 8

4 '5 >5-9 5 11 2,200 - * " 15.198 — —

5 16,167 8 — 1,919 - - 15.031 '9 6

6 - - 2,250 - - - 15,362 '7 —

7 31.375 3 3 1,406 9 6 - * 15,689 17 —

% - - i*7°° - - - 15,740 '7 —

9 24,166 19 2,600 - " 15,925 7 —

1790 13.604 19 6 2,445 2 6 - - - 16,105 7 —

1 , 28,540 11 9\ 9°o - " 16,202 *7 —

2 '4>242 4 42 1,650 - - * 16,126 7 —

3 13*873 10 9 3,607 16 3 - - - 16,309 7 —

4 13>548 8 8 2,200 - ■» " 16,357 7 —

5 14,264 17 3 2,550 - ' 16,371 7 —

6 J3*7'° 5 n 2,310 - - - 16,342 7 —

7 13A96 5 4i 1,600 — — - 15,937 7 —

8 13,421 14 61 2,400 - " * 15,607 7 —

9 J3>7l6 lZ I 900 *• 15,637 7

3800 12,584 9 1] 2,071 - - 15,112 7 —

1 12,4-92 11 H 2,650 - - - 14,677 7 ■—

2 12,846 5 -I 2,240 * 14,377 7

TOTALS.

30,64*2 —

3<M47

31,324 —

33*447 1

20,425 — 32,074 3 30,336 1 3'*5" 15 *20,502 10 30,045 —

31-379 30,205 31,326 3‘-M63 32>927 33,'19 17,612

4^,471 17*44 42,692

6

11

6

1

5

7

17

9

'7

6

81

li

10

11

6

9

81

32,245 9 — 45,643 8 9$ 32,018 11 4.J

33,790 14 —

32,105 15 8

33-'87 4 3 32,362 12 8]

31,233 12 ,

31,519 1 6j

30,254-----j

20,767 16 lj 29,819 18 8|

29,463 12 —j

In if 78* £.*>300. S.Sea Stock, and £. 10r. it. 9/ NewS.S. Annuities, and £.115. l*i. 5^. Calli, were transferred and paid to the Governors, b^ing the Produce of the persona! Eliateof Ann WiJfon, who by her Will gave it to them to be distributrd amongst the poor Clergy, and which, with some accumulating Interest, was distributed accordingly \ but it not brought into this Account, not being part of the Revenue uf the Governors for the Augmentation of Livings.

REVENUE:

Total First Fruits and Tenths -Benefaction Money -Casual Revenue -

interell Money -

APPLICATION

Total Exchequer and Treasury Fees -Purchases - - "

interell paid the Clergy -Bounty Office Salaries, &c. -

Tenths Office - D° ......

Solicitor’s Charges for Conveyances, &c. -

House, and sundry Disbursements -Payments in Redemption of Pennon Annuities, &c.

£■ *■ d.

1,244,638 13 10J 318,876 11 n

20.419 7 76

865,368 19

31*751 13 —5

1,281,998 9 9

469,650 14 9| 52,626 10 8

46,124 — 3 57,018 — 11 »3.9«5 2 uf

9.674 19 9

6

i.

2,449,3°3 *3 —1

1,962,759 10 9

7 ioi

486,544

43 Geo. III. Appendix* 997

Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy—continued.

ANNUAL APPLICATION.

Paid Ex^ htrquer and Treasury Fees. Paid for Purchases. 1 Paid the Clergy Intcrell of Money appropriated fer Augmentation of their Livings, Unlaid out. Salaries paid to the Secretary, Treasurer, and Messenger} and Allowances to Clerks at the Bounty Office. Salaries and Allowances at the Tenths Office. Solicitor, for Conveyances and Duplicates j CounfePs Fees, Scamps, &c. House Rent, Repairs and Taxes, and sundry Disbursements. TOTALS.

£■ *. <1. £■ «. d. r.«. d. £■ d. £- d. £■ s- d. L s. (I 1 £■ S. (I.

1770 373 1 — 14-3+4 13 4 5,8;!8 17 8 550 843 12 — 625 18 10 155 10 4 22,731 13 2

1 39° 11 VJ,0,4 5^511 2 — 550 281 4 — 503 9 4 138 — 3 20,-288 6 7

2 378 1 — 13,-jSO 5,409 15 8 550 562 8 — 677 16 7 145 4 6 21,093 5 9

3 3y3 H 6 18,570 6,146 5 10 550 . 6.33 15 5 80 150 7 1 26,528 19 10

4 3 ' 1 20,187 5,204 18 9 400 .371 15 8 751 4 1 73 9 6 27,414 9 6

5 308 11 6 20,229 5.097 12 10 4*5 562 8 — 806 14 — 1^5 18 1 28,555 4 5

6 . 368 n 6 H*°35 5,891 17 8 825 — — 562 8 — 738 3 11 201 12 8 22,622 13 9

7 361 1 6 6 15,200 10 — 5,600 2 5 550 562 8 — 6S;j 10 3 161 7 7 23,120 19 9

8 35 <i 10,300 — — 6,003 15 — 550 562 8 — 629 19 6 138 12 11 18,630 16 11

9 373 n T5 ltj.400 — — 5,667 8 — 353 6 8 562 8 — 73* 9 10 57 8 7 24,151 12 7

1780 37'> i t) 10,500 — — 6,354 6 8 623 12 2 562 8 — 871 14 1 165 5 7 19,453 8 ..

1 3'>.5 10 ^-1 I 1,940 10 — 7,210 16 6 805 562 8 — 160 219 17 4 21,273 2 4-1

2 379 9 — 21,059 10 — 7-415 7 10 420 — — 562 8 — 853 7 3 191 17 9 30,881 19 IO

3 396 H 6 1L975 7.'79 12 5 870 562 8 — 1,+H 1 3 419 10 22,826 *7 — J

4 3pi> 11 6 18,-15 6,386 13 6 695 562 8 — 1,030 — 11 89 2 — 27,874 15 11

5 412 10 (5 19,^25 6,141 11 10} 670 — — 562 8 — M97 4 3 200 — — 29,008 14 7i

6 - - 20,659 6,179 8 8 670 500 1,270 6 6 172 10 6 29,451 5 8

7 861 — 10 18,903 — — 7-374 2 — 695 500 E*35 * 3 200 5 6 29,708 10 7

8 * _ - 23,617 — — 7,436 18 9 720 500 1,181 13 — 197 — 1 33.652 11 10

9 6 129 S] 23,(5So 7.631 19 7 745 500 2,322 15 7 179 4 4 35,671 9 4.

1790 34S 8 6 20,271 7,506 16 11 695 500 160 178 13 9 29,659 19 2

1 730 3 SJ 28,588 7,217 11 10 731 8 9 400 19 2 E3i3 9 10 100 1 8 39,081 14 9i

2 3(i4 7 20,040 7.857 4 5 905 5oo 1,519 9 4 * 902 14 10 32,988 16 3i

3 355 3 3 19,518 6 — 8,365 1 3 745 500 874 17 11 186 5 2 30,544 J3 7

4 349 18 2 21,660 8,310 n 3 720 5OO r- 1,131 14 6 *789 9 4 33,458 13 3

5 364 15 9 19,690 10 — 8,332 17 8 720 — — 500 863 13 3 * 1,023 19 10 31,495 16 6

6 350 18 4 29,121 8,421 7 — 745 508 5 — 1,360 191 2 4 40,697 12 6f

7 350 11 4lf 22,034 7,891 19 IO 695 507 10 — 1,614 1 8 194 9 2 33,287 12 -£

8 344 7 —A 20,346 14 — 7,464 12 11 745 509 — 6 1,000 205 6 11 30,615 1 4i

9 351 14 52 21,988 12 6 7,5*7 3 7 720 509 4 6 1,401 12 5 266 1 9 32,764 9 4

1800 623 7 n 27,86015 — 6.789 4 1 750 5*9 6 — 1,58316 1 269 12 7 38,106 1 5i

1 3ii 4 a* 23,120 —- 6,3491510 870 548 16 — 1,84913 n 287 4 2 33,355 H 11

2 3-9 18 8.1 S 22,346 5 — i 10,063 15 6 \ 6,08713 1 J Paid for the Re 7*5 demption of the I 549 8 — and Tax of 154 a! 1,030 — igmented Livings. 226 9 10 41,358 10 4

* These Sums include the Expence of a thorough Repair of the Governor's House, and building a large strong Room for their Deeds and Papers, for fate Custody, and to fuve the Expence of Duplicates.

TH E whole clear Revenue of the Governors is Annually appropriated for the Augmentation of small Livings.

The nominal Capital Sums, (landing in the Name of the Governors in the Books at the Bank and South Sea House, constitute the Fund to answer the appropriated Money unlaid out in the purchase of Land, which is the ultimate object of the Institution. As more Purchases are found the Sum in Stock becomes proportionably less.

The Governors, in their Annual Appropriations, consider not only their Revenue, but the Price of the Public Funds. If the Price is so high that their Capital will allow an Appropriation in addition to the one they make from their Hated Revenue, an extra Appropriation is made accordingly, the Surplus Interest (i.e. the Interest uriung from the appropriated Money beyond the Interest allowed the Clergy) contlituting part of the Fund for that purpose; but if from any Fall in the Price there is an actual or probable Deficiency to answer the appropriated Money unlaid out, no extra Appropriation is made, and then the Surplus Interest is allowed to fink into the Capital, and so becomes auxiliary till the Capital Sum, through that Aid, or a Rife in the Stocks, becomes equal to the Money appropriated and not laid out in Land. Since 1786, 782 Augmentations have been given by the Governors to fuiall Livings in addition to those made from their Annual Revenue.

Vnf -O

Ap]

(Nc

9-il

COJl

998

Appendix

A. 1803

Appendix, (No. 49.) 90 Maii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Numbers of Augmentations made by the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty, in each Year, and to what Amount in the Whole for each Year, from the time of their first Incorporation to the lft day of January 1803; each Augmentation being an Appropriation of £.200.

Year.

1714

15

16

*7

18

J9

1720

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1730

1

2 ,

3

4

<5

7

8

1740

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1750

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1760

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

1770

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

1780

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

2,007

5,726

By

Benefactions. Lot. Total.

9 *9 28

10 20 30

20 - 20

25 2 27

49 21 70

57 6 63

61 4 65

47 6 53 62

57 5

77 ^3 po

54 1 55

61 8 69

53 16 69

35 4 39

51 6 57

46 10 5

34 10 44

32 18 50

38 12 50

29 16 45

37 8 45

21 ‘ 29 50

-1 None ——

• I 36 72 108

15 37 52

24 38 62

-1 20 40 60

15 45 60

19 41 60

*3 47 60

19 , 42 61

*7 52 69

7 64 7i

-1 16 50 66

7 60 67

10 61 7*

24 50 74

*7 53 70

*9 57 76

15 38 53

- j 11 40 5*

29 21 50

35 48 *3

3i 48 79

-1 20 44 64

-1 21 40 61

I / 18 48 66

32 39 7*

24 27 37 37 39 , 3i 61 66 68

33 33 7*

- J 22 33 60

75 238 313

40 61

- J 28 30 58

-J 30 43 73

-J «3 50 73

3o 159 149

- [ 20 40 60

3* 35 67

24 135 159

-1 12 43 55

19 53 72

25 40 5

13 52 65

*3 52 65

6 48 54

6 52 58

I 11 52 63

I 10 48 58

18 50 68

17 61 78

I 10 185 195

I 20 123 *43

3 93 96

The Mortmain A cl pailed this year, 9 Geo. II. chap. 36.

8.

Carried over - £.

5,600-----

6.000 -

4.000 -

5,400-----

14.000 -

12.600 -

13.000 -

10.600 -

12.400 -

18.000 -

11.000 —- —

13.800 -

13.800 -

7.800 -

11.400 -

11,200-----

8.800 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

9.000 -

9.000 -

10.000 -

21.600

10.400

12.400

12.000

12.000

12.000

12.000

12.200

13.800

14.200

13.200

13.400

14.200

14.800

14.000

15.200

10.600

10.200

10.000

16.600 -

15.800 -

12.800 -

12.200 '

13,200 -14,200 -12,200 -13,200 -

13.600 -14,200 -

12.000 -

62.600 -12,200 -

11.600 -

14.600 -

14.600 — 2Q,8oO — 12,000 —

13.400 -31,800 -11,000 —

14.400 — 13,000 — 13,000 —

13.000 — 10,800 —

11.600 —

12.600 —

11.600 —

13.600 —

15.600 —

39.000 —

28.600 — 19,200 —

*#055*200 — —

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

099

An Account of Augmentations made by the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty—

E >y \

Year. Benefactions. Lot. Total.

£* *- d.

- 2,007 3,269 5,276 - -. - - Brought over - - 1,055,200 —

1790 - - - 12 87 99 - - - - 19,800 —

1 - - 10 84 94 - - - - 18,800 —

2 - 5 341 346 - - - - 69,200 —

3 - - H 86 100 - - - 20,000 —

4 - - 11 48 59 - - - 11,800 — —

5 - - 12 39 5i - - - - 10,200 — —

6 - 12 43 55 - - - - 11,000 — —

7 - - H 43 57 - - - - 11,400 — —-

8 j - 9 37 46 - - - - 9,200 — —.

9 - — 13 44 - - - - 8,800 — —

1800 - - 6 41 47 - - - - 9,400 — —

1 - " 6 34 40 - - - - 8,000 — — '

2 — - H 79 93 - - - - 18,600 — —

2, H5 4,262 j 6,407 Appropriated by the Governors - 1,281,400 — .

1 Received from Benefactors - - 318,876 n 11

- Total 1,600,27611 11

Deduct the Sum laid out in Purchases 1,281,998 9 9

Remains appropriated - - £■ *318,278 2 2

* The reason why this Sum is so much less than the difference between the Revenue and Application is, that considerable Lofleshave been unavoidably fui'tained at different periods by the fall of Stocks; particularly in the Old South Sea Annuities, great part of which were purchased above Par.

To make good this Sum of £. 318,278. 2. 2. to the Clergy, there was (landing in the Funds, in the Name of the Governors, on the iff day of January 1803; * -

241.000. -----in Old South Sea Annuities, which, taking the price at £.67 per-Cent. would produce -

244.000. -----Consolidated Bank Annuities - -- at 68.

45. - - - South Sea Annuities, 1751 -----at 67. , ......

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands on the iff January 1803 -

l6l,470 -

165,920 -

30 3 — 3,167 1 3

330,587 4 3

The number of Livings which, in the beginning of the last Century, were certified into the Exchequer and to the Governors of

Queen Anne’s Bounty, as

Not exceeding £. 10. per annum, -Above £. 10. and not exceeding £20. per annum

Above £. 20. and not exceeding £.30. per annum

Above £. 30. and not exceeding £. 40. per annum

Above £. 40. and uot exceeding £• 50. per annum

was

Total -

- 1,071

- 1,467 1,126

1,049

884

5 >597

And the Values of many other small Livings that were omitted, have fmee been certified.

The Governors at first augmented Livings not exceeding £. 10. per annum, and then all which did not exceed £•‘20. per annum. In 1792 they began to augment Livings not then exceeding £.30. per annum, of which there were 2,382, and ot thele about 900 have been augmented.

The Number of Benefices augmented is computed at about 3,200. The number muff necessarily be less than the number of Appropriations, because the smaller Benefices have received two, three, or four Appropriations to bring them nearer an Equality with those of greater Value.

Besides the Money received from Benefactors, many Benefactions have been given in Lands, Tythes, and Rent Charges; and in some cases, particularly of late years, Houses for the residence of Ministers, and a great number of Stipends to the Clergy have been made permanent which before were uncertain.

The Interest allowed to the Clergy was reduced at Michaelmas 1720, from 5 to 4 per-Cent.

At Michaelmas 1730 to £.3. 15. o.

----- 1731 to 3. 10. o.

...... 1732 to 3. 5. o.

...... 1734 3* °'

----- 1740 to 2. 10. o.

----- 1758 to 2. o. o. to induce the Clergy to find Purchases.

9th May 1803.

By Order of the Governors,

Rich* Burn, Secretary*

1000

Appendix.

A. 1803.

>endix,

>• 5°)

Mail.

COPIES of CORRESPONDENCE relative to the preventing the Exportation of GUNPOWDER, SALTPETRE, and

naval stores.

(Private.)

Sir, Treasury Chambers, i ft April 1803.

I am commanded, by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to desire that you will take such measures as are least calculated to excite public notice, to prevent the Exportation to France, Spain, or the Batavian Republic, of any Saltpetre, Gunpowder, or Naval Stores, until you shall receive positive directions from His Majesty s Government upon the subject.

I am, Sir, &c.

Chairman of the Board of 7 ' N. Vansittart.

Customs in Waiting. 3

Sir, Custom-House, a8th April 1803.

In consequence of your Letter of the lit instant to the Chairman of this Board in Waiting, desiring that such measures as were least likely to excite public notice might be taken to prevent the Exportation to France, Spain, or the Batavian Republic, of any Saltpetre, Gunpowder, or Naval Stores;—a Representation by the proper Officer has been privately made to the Board, that an Entry has been made for 33 tons of Lignum Vita?, in the Venus, Daniel Nicliolfon, for Amsterdam; and dating, " that it was a prohibited article during " the late War, and the quantity unusually large:"—I am directed to communicate this circumstance to)Tou, and to represent, that Lignum Vita' is a Naval Store, and is used, as the Board are informed, in the making of Ships Blocks. In case their Lordships should fee fit to prevent the Exportation, on receiving directions for that purpose, proper steps will be taken for carrying their Lordships orders into effect.

I have the honour to be, Sir, &c.

N. Vansittart, Esq. Ac. J. Ilunie.

(Private.)

Sir, Treasury Chambers, 29th April 1803.

I am commanded, by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to desire that the necessary measures may be taken to prevent the Exportation of the 33 tons of Lignum Vita?, alluded to in your Letter of yester-dav, as entered for Amsterdam in the Ship Venus, Daniel Nicholson Mailer.

I am, Sir, &c.

James Ilume, Esq. &c. Ar. Vansittart.

Sir, Custom-House, 30th April 1803.

In consequence of your private Letter to me of yesterday, deliring that the Commissioners would prevent the Exportation of 33 tons ot Lignum Vita?, mentioned in my Letter to you of the preceding day, immediate orders were issued to the proper Officers accordingly; and the said Officers having represented that about three tons of the article had been put on board the Ship, the Board have directed the same to be relanded.

- I have the honour to be, Sir, See.

N. Vansittart, Esq. See. J. Hume.

Sir, Custom-House, 30th April 1803.

I have it in command to acquaint you, for the information of the Lords of the Treasury, that the Collector Outwards having represen ted to the Commissioners that an Entry has this day been tendered to him, for the exportation of 282 hundred weight of Saltpetre to Antwerp;—the Board, in consequence of their Lordships", communicated to me by your Letter of yesterday and that of the ift instant, have given directions that the above Entry should not pass until further orders.

I have the honour to be, Sir, &c.

N. Vansittart, Esq. Ac. J• Hume.

Treasury Chambers,

May 9th 1803. 3

Sir, Custom-froufe, 2d May 1803

It having been repnefented to the Commissioners by the proper Officer, that the undermentioned Vessels, with Saltpetre on board, will be cleared Outwards in the course of a day or two; viz.

The Vier Gebroeder, G.J. Dokin, Master; p" Havre - 200 bags;

JongeJan, S. De Boor, Master; p" Rouen - - 50 bags;

I have it in command to communicate the lame to you, for the information of the Lords of the Treasury, and to request their Lordships directions whether the said Vessels are to be allowed to fail with the Saltpetre on board.

I have the honour to be, Sir, &c.

N. Vansittart, Esq. Ac. J. Hume.

(Private.)

Sir, Treasury Chambers, 3d May 1803.

I11 consequence of the communication contained in your Letter, I am commanded by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to desire, that the Commissioners of the Customs may give the necessary directions for relanding the Saltpetre on board the following Vessels; viz.

The Vier Gebroeder, G. J. Dokin, Master; p' Havre - 200 bags;

JongeJan. S. De Boer, M after; p" Rouen - - 50 bags.

I am, Sir, &c.

James Ilume, Esq. Ac. N. Vansittart.

Sir, Custom-House, 4th May 1803.

In obedience to the command of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, communicated by your Letter received this morning, for the relanding of the two quantities of Saltpetre shipped on board two Vessels bound for Havre and Rouen, the requisite orders were immediately issued for the purpose by the Commissioners: but the Officer concerned having made a rep resentation to the Board on the subject, whereby there appears a probability that the intentions of their Lordships may be frustrated, determined by an alteration of the destination of the Vessels upon which articles of the description of Naval Stores may be shipped, I have it further in command totranfinit a Copy of such Representatioa to you, and to request their Lordships' directions thereon.

I have the honour to be, Sir, &c.

N. Vansittart, Esq. Ac. J. Hume.

(Copy inclosed in the foregoing.)

Patent-Searcher’s Office, 4th May 1803.

Honourable Sirs,

I beg leave to repreltnt to your Honours, that in consequence of my having detained the 33 tons of Lignum Vitfc, intended to have been exported to Amsterdam in the Venus, Daniel Nicholson, Master, the fame ship has been entered Outwards for Embden; which is in fad the same as Amsterdam, and the Lignum Vita? w ill now be sent by the way of that Port; and those Ships which now have Saltpetre on board, and are entered out direct for some Port in France, or the Batavian Republic, will alter their destination either to Embden or Ilambro': and I therefore most respectfully submit, if it is meant to prevent such articles from going to any part of the French or Batavian Republic, whether the Exportation ought not to be prohibited generally-

0 J ' P. Lock.

Sir, Treasury Chambers, 4th May 1803.

In consequence of the rep refen tation of the Officer concerned in giving orders for relanding Naval Stores from Vessels bound for Havre and Rouen, transmitted in your Letter of this morning; I am commanded by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to desire that the Commissioners of the Customs will give directions to prevent any Saltpetre, Gunpowder, or Naval Stores, being exported in \ cfiels entered but for any Port or Place abroad.

I am. Sir, &c.

J. Hume, Esq. Ac. N. Vansittart.

N. Vansittart.

COPIES of Letters respecting the Exportation of 5,000 Quarters of S E E D CORN to Norway.

My Lords, Downing Street, March 24th 1803.

Mr. Gyldenpalm, his Danish Majesty's Charge d’Aflaires at this Court, has represented to me, by order of his Government, that owing to the failure of the Crops of the last season, the Kingdom of Norway is at this moment in the utmost distress for every species of Grain. He has consequently applied for permission to export to that Country, from the Ports of Scotland, 5,000 quarters of Seed Corn (QaU and Barley). If your Lordships should fee no objection to com-

ply with this request, it is highly important, at this advanced season, that no time should be loft in giving the necessary orders for that purpose.

I am, my Lords,

Your Lordships

most obedient humble Servant,

The Lords Commissioners Hawkcsbury.

of llis Majesty's Treasury.

43 Geo. III. Appendix; 1001

Gentlemen,

Lord Hawke/bury, one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, having represented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that Mr. Gyldenpalm, his Danish Majesty's Charge d’Affaires at this Court, has applied for permission to export to Norway,' from the Ports of Scotland, 5,000 quarters of Seed Corn (Oats and Barley) in consequence of the dillrefled (late of that Kingdom from the failure of the Crops oflait season; their Lordlliips are pleased, under the circumstances stated by Mr. Gyldenpalm, to comply with the request. I have therefore received their I/jrdships Commands to desire you will forthwith give the necessary directions for permitting the Exportation of the above-mentioned quantities of Oats and Barley to Norway accordingly.

I am. Gentlemen,

Your obedient Servant,

Treasury Chambers, 7 John Sargent.

25th March 1803. j

Commr* Customs, Scotland.

Gentlemen,

It being in contemplation to issue an Order in Council to permit a certain quantity of S*'Corn to be lent to Drontheim in Norway, and several Vessels havin' been loaded for that purpose, as mentioned in the endofed Paper;—I have received the Commands of the Lords

ComniilTioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to desire, that you will give the necessary orders to permit the said Vessels to clear out and fail for that place accordingly; and to cancel the Coailing Bonds.

The Order in Council alluded to will be transniitted to you as soon as possible.

J arp, Gentlemen,

Your obedient Servant,

Treasury Chambers, *) N. Va){fitlart.

14th April 1803. 3

Connnrs Customs.

Names of Ships and Mailers engaged to take part of the Seed Grain intended for Denmark; viz.

The Lady Ridley, Smith Mr, at Lynn, loaded with 1,000 quarters Barley; ready for sea, and only waiting permission to fail.

The Caine, Joseph Stanford Mr, with 600 qurs. Barley, at Yarmouth; ready for sea.

The Margaret, John Bishop Mr, with 600 qurs. Barley, also at Yarmouth; ready for sea.

The Diamond Packet, James Ne/bitt MT, in loading at Berwick; will carry about 600 a. 620 quarters of Oats.

London, April 13th, 1803.

Scott, Harris, & C°*

Append (No. 5c 9* Mat

continued

Treasury Chambers* 7 May 9th 1803. 3

N. Vansittart.

j

x

‘-a

fl-

ORDERS in COUNCIL, respecting Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores.

Appendix (No. 51.;

At the Court at the Queen’s Palace, the 6th of April 1803;

Present,

(l. s.) The KIN G*s Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

WHEREAS ati Act of Parliament Was passed in the 29th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An u Ad to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Saltpetre, " and to enforce the Law for empowering his Majesty to prohibit the ■H Exportation of Gunpowder, or act, fort of Arms and Ammunition, M and also to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying Coastwise " of Saltpetre, Gunpowder, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition And His Majesty judging it necessary to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder or Saltpetre, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition, out of this Kingdom, Or carrying the fame Coastwise, for some time, Doth therefore, with the advice of his Privy Council, hereby order, require, prohibit, and command. That no Person or Persons whatsoever (except the Master General of the Ordnance for llis Majesty's Service) do at any time, during the (pace of two months from the date of this Order in Council, presume to transport into any parts out of this Kingdom, or carry Coastwise, any Gunpowder or Saltpetre, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition, or ftiip or lade any Gunpowder or Saltpetre, or any sort of Arms or Ammunition, on board any Ship or Vessel, in order to transporting the fame into any parts beyond the Seas, or carrying the fame Coastwise, without leave or permission in that behalf first obtained from His Majesty or His Privy Council; upon pain of incurring and fc.<v*nng the respective Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by the aforementioned Ad.—And the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, the Mailer General of the Ordnance, and His Majesty’s Secretary at War, are to give the necessary directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed) Stcph. Cottrell.

At the Court at the Queen’s Palace, the 11th of May 1803;

Present,

(l. s.) The KIN G’s Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

Whereas by an Act, passed in the 33d year of His Majesty’s reign, intituled, u An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation " of Naval Stores, and more effectially to prevent the Exportation 44 of Saltpetre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Procla-14 mation or Order in Council," It is Enacted, amongst other things, That His Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when He shall fee cause, and for such time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or. the attempting to export, Pig Iron, Bar Iron, llemp. Pitch, Tar, Roftn, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, and other Naval Stores: And His Majesty judging it necessary to prohibit the Exportation of the said several articles, for a limited time, Doth therefore, with* the advice of His Privy Council, hereby order, require, prohibit, and command, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do, at any time during the space of two months from the date of this Order in Council, presume to transport into any parts out of this Kingdom any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, or other Naval Stores, or do ship or lade any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Roftn, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, or other Naval Stores, on board any Ship or Vessel, in order to transporting the fame into any parts beyond the Seas, without leave or permission first being had and obtained from His Majesty or His Privy Council, upon pain of incurring the Forfeitures infilled by the afore-mentioned Act: But it is nevertheless His Majesty's pleasure, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be coniirued to extend, to any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any other Ships or Vessels or Boats in the service of His Majesty, or employed or freighted by His Majesty’s Board of Ordnance, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy; nor to prevent any Ship or Vessel from taking or having on board such quantities of Naval Stores as may be necessary for the use of fuelvShip or Vessel during the course of her intended voyage; or by licence from the Lol d High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being; nor to the Exportation of the said several articles to Ireland, or to His Majesty’s Yards or Garrifdns, or to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or to Newfoundland, or to His Majesty’s Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or to the Island of St. Helena, or the Britishi Settlements or Fadlorics in the East Indies: Provided, that upon the Exportation of any of the said articles for the purposes of trade to Ireland, or to His Majesty's Yards and Garrisons, or to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America or the West Indies, or to the Island of Newfoundland, or to His Majesty's Forts' and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or to the Island of St. Helena, or the Britishi Settlements or, Factories in the East Indies, the Exporters of such articles do first make oath of the true destinalion of the same to the places for which they shall be entered outwards, before, the entry of the fame shall be made, and do give full and sufficient security, by Bond, to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to carry the said articles to the places for whichr they are so entered outwards, and for the purposes specified, and none other; and such Bond shall not be cancelled or delivered up until proof be made, to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners, by the production, within a time to be fixed by the said Commissioners, and specified in the Bond, of a Certificate or Certificates, in such form and manner as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, /hewing that the said articles have been duly landed at the places for which they were entered outwards.—And the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and the Lord’ Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give the neceflhiy directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed), W. Fwksncti

7

II. Maii.

Vql. ct.

1002 Appendix. 1803.

ppendix,

Mo. 51-)

i® Mali,

continued.

At the Court at the Queen's Palace, the l ith of May 1803 5

P rcl’cnt,

(l. s.) The KIN G's Most Excellent Majesty in Council;

It is this day ordered by His Majesty in Council, That all Ships and Vessels clearing out for the Coast of Africa, for the pur pole of carrying on the trade there, be permitted to take on board, as an allotted part of their cargoes, as much Gunpowder, and as large a quantity of Trading Guns, Piftals, Cutlaftes* Flints, and Lead Balls, Burs and Shot, as the Exporters Until think necessary, notwithstanding any thing contained in His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 6th day of Apni lad; provided that iulfieient security be given to the Principal Officers of His Majesty s Custums of the Port in which the Ships are filled out, and before they proceed on their respective voyages, in treble the value of the articles exported, that the lame shall be expended in trade upon the Couil of Africa; which security is not to be cancelled until proof of such expenditure has been made by the oath of the Captain or Mailer of the Ship or Vessel, in like manner as is pracliied with regard to Spirits and East India Goods used in carrying

on that trade. And His Majesty is further pleased to order, That all Ships and Vessels trading to the said Coall be allowed to take on board, for their defence, whatever quantity of Carriage Guns, Swivels, and Small Arms, shall be judged proper by the respective Mailers thereof; J>rbvided that no greater quantity be taken on board any one Ship for her defence than twelve Carriage Guns and twelve Swivels, together with one Musket or Blunderbuss, one pair of Pillok, and ohe Cutlass, for every Person of which the Ship’s Company Ifiall coofift, and Ammunition in proportion; and provided also, that ini’-ficient security be in like manner given to the said Principal Officers Of the Customs at the Ports where the Ships shall be titled out, ia treble the value of the Carriage Guns, Swivels, and Small Arms, ft> taken on board for the defence of the said Ships, to bring back the said Carriage Guns, Swivels, and Small Arms, when the voyage is completed, and to account upon oath for the expenditure of the Ammunition: And the Right honourable the Lords Co mmilli ouens of His Majesty’s Treasury are to give the necessary directions herein accordingly.

(Signed) H\ Faukcner.

Appendix, (No. jz.)

13* Mali.

REPORTS from the Committee on the Survey of the COASTS, &c» of SCOTLAND*

FIRST REPORT.

Hie COMMITTEE, to whom the * 44 Survey and Report of

44 the Coasts ami Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the 44 Command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners 4< of llis Majesty's Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802," is referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House

H A VIN G proceeded to the invefeigation of the various matters contained in the Survey and Report referred to them, have thought it their duty, with as little delay as possible, to fubinit to the considera-tio« of the I Joule such brio.‘.nation as they have received on the fub-jeri of the Emigrations which have already taken place, and which are still going forward, to a consideruble extent, in the Highlands or Wands oi Scotland; as that part of the subject referred to their consideration seems to them most immediately to require the attention of Parliament, not only on account of its interesting nature, but on account of the flbufes and fulferings by which it appears to be attended. Tk:*' ivfnrmotion is contained in several Reports from the Highland Society cl Scotland, ?ud is confirmed by various other documents, and by such parol* Evidence as Your Committee have been able to procure, and of which they have annexed, in the Appendix to this Report, such extracts as appear to them most material.

Your Committee will immediately proceed to the investigation of those measures which, by giving employment at home to the industry of a hardy race of People, may preclude them from the necessity of forking fubiistence in distant countries, and which will at the lame time promote the general improvement and prnfperity of the Empire; but, in the meantime, they think it nccclVary to call the most serious attention of the House to the futferings and hardships which those who ha ve already emigrated, appear to have endured, for want of proper treatment on their paftkge, which, in the opinion of Your Committee, demand the immediate interpolilion oi Parliament, to prevent die recurrence of similar calamities.

Resolveod, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons emigrating from different parts of the United Kingdom, have, in various instances, fullered great dill refs and hardlliip, on account of the crowded hate of the \'cfiVIs, the want of a sufficient stock of provisions, water, and other necefiavies for the voyage, and in various other Yelped.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to regulate the Vessels carrying Patiengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty’s Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Part«, with n speet to the number of Passengers which they shall be allowed to take on board, ih proportion to the tonnage of such Yfifids, as well as with rdpecl to the provision of proper ueceffarics for the voyage.

APPENDIX,

Appendix (A.)

f. X TRACTS from the REPORTS of the Highland Society

of Scotland.

Highland Society Hall, Edinburgh, 12th January 180a.

Tfis Grace the Duke of Argyle, President of the Society.

Right honourable the Earl of Eglinton, 1 ft Vice President, in the Chair.

AT a General Meeting of the Highland Society of Scotland, continued by Royal Charter, held this day, attended by about one hundred of its Members, a Report was brought up from the Committee of Directors, and laid before the Society; whereof the tenor follows;

44 That the evil of Emigration is likely to be progressive, if not interrupted, may be inferred trom the fa<!:t, that so great a number of 44 persons propose to quit their native Country during the enfutng 44 summer. The industry of those who make profit by the conveyance 44 of these deluded People acrufs the Atlantic, cannot be expected to 44 suffer any abatement; and their profits are encreufed by means 44 which excite in the Committee the strongest regret, and which expose the Emigrants to circumstances of fullering ami distress, during 44 the passage, which are shocking to humanity. The Committee had 44 accels to leam some particulars of a voyage of this fort, from direct 44 communication with a person who was a Passenger on board an u Emigrant Ship that faded for North Carolina in 1773. It tfas a 44 Vessel of 300 tons burthen. T he number of persons on board were 44 about 450, of whom 25 had, at coming on board, no birth nor bed 44 of any fort, nor could any be adorded them during the paftago ex* " cept as fumished by vacancies owing to death. T he water be- came scarce during the voyage, which lalied twelve weeks and 44 three days, The tlnrtt of the poor people was of course ftimul&ted 44 by feeding entirely on lait meat. For the last fortnight the allowance to each Passenger was only au English pint of watef for 44 44 hours; and many of the calks having been made of staves used in 44 the tobacco and indigo trade, the waiter was often so impregnated 4t with these nauseous ingredients, that the people lickened and threw 4C it up. The consequence was, that they were kazed with a dylentery, " and 23 of them died before reaching Carolina, and the rest were u landed in the most exh&ufted and debilitated ft ate.

" The Committee have alto had occasion to fee a printed Petition to u the Court of Setlion, taking notice of fume facts 1 elating to an Eiui-*• grant Ship that took on board Passengers at Skye, for Carolina, in 44 1791. In that case it appeared the Veiled was of about 270 tons 44 burthen: the number of Passengers about 400, including women and 44 children; lo that their fituutiou was most uncomtortable and dan-u gerous, there being hardly room for them to ft retch themselves. a T here were three tiers of beds fore and aft, and two mid/hip. The u births for a full Passenger* were 18 indies broad. Those lore u and aft were only about two feet high, including the space occupied 44 by bedding, so that it was fcarely possible to creep into them. The " others were a little higher, so that the Passenger could turn himself 44 on his fide, and rest on his elbow.—To add to their calami lies, they 44 neither had sufficLency of viduals, nor proper cooking ntcnlils, there u being only two pots, of 24 pints each; which were quite inadequate u to the preparation, in any reasonable time, of a meal for 400 per-" ions. Had tlio Yeftel made out its voyage, the chief part of the " people inuft have been consumed by dilrease and filth; which hdi u was horrible; but after being 12 days at feu, the Ship was dismasted*. 44 and put bark to Greenock, where many of the Past’cngers, especially 44 children, died* from the etfevTs of the ftmrt voyage they had made. 44 These unfortunate People were completely cured of their passion for 44 America, and happily found an asylum in the benevolence of Mr. 44 David Dale, who emjiloyed them in his ex ten five Cotton Maiiufac-^ 44 tory in the vicinity of Glasgow.

44 T’hough the minute particulars of the voyages made last summer u have not come to the knowledge of the Committee, they are enabled " to state the following circumstances, for the information of the 44 ciety. T he whole burthen of two Vessels from Fort William, is

0 The term 44 full Passenger* is explained in one of the documents produced.—Every person above 16 years of age falls under that description. TTiofe under that nge are clafltd together, and the amount of their ages divided by 16, gives a rule for estimating their space in the thip, the proviuont allotted them. Ac.

44 ascertain

43 Geo. III.

Si I:

b

.Jr

r J 4r, i

Appendix.

1003

44 ascertained to have been 559 tons, and as already mentioned, the 44 numbers they conveyed, though appearing by the clearances at 44 Fort William to have been only 565 besides the Crews, are on good 44 grounds believed to have amounted to 700: they mud therefore 44 have been extremely crowded. The Committee have indeed 44 perused a letter from Collector Campbell at Fort William, to the 44 Secretary of the Society, giving an account of the accommodations 44 on board these Vessels; and the Committee mention that Gentle- man’s name with pleasure, as his humane conduct in the inspection 44 he made deserves the highest approbation; but they are bound to 44 mention (what they have from authority on which they have every 44 reason to rely) that the accommodations of one of the Vessels (and 44 perhaps also of the other) underwent a considerable change aftei (he 44 left Fort William. The Collector mentions two tiers of births, with 44 a space between of ten feet for exercise. This was a moveable 44 platform; which when the Vessel was afterwards fully loaded, was 44 taken away to give place to a third and lower tier of births; which c< the Collector never saw, and to which the port-holes he mentions 44 could furnish no circulation of air. It is accordingly dated that 44 53 of the Passengers died on board one of the Vessels before reaching 44 America.*

Edinburgh, Highland Society Hall, 28th March 1803.

His Grace the Duke of Argyle, President of the Society;

Sight Honblc the Earl of Dumfries, Vice President in Office, in

the Chair.

44 The Committee of the Highland Society, to whom it was remitted 44 to consider and report upon the subject of Emigration, have already, 44 at two periods, laid before the Society what information they had 44 acquired, with the observations which seemed to arise out of it. It 44 is now, a third time, the Opinion of the Committee, that they are 44 called upon to furnish some further detail* on the subject. It assumes 44 more and more a serious and alarming afped. The Highland Emi-u gration can no longer, by any Person be contemplated as an imma- terial circumstance; far less (as some have thought it) benelicial in 44 the way of draining a surplus population.—It is sass approaching to u the point of complete depopulation of a large district of the* Kingdom, 44 a fad-which the Society cannot, without betraying its duty, fail to * submit to the wisdom of Government.

44 The Committee have received* by thte aid of a very intelligent

Correspondent, a Statement of Vessels actually ascertained to have carried Emigrants, in the year 1802, from the Highland* Northward of Fort William, to the Provinces of Nova Scotia, Canada, and North Carolina, a Statement which must be far ftiort of the actual Emigration, both in as much as a very extensive trad of Coail is not included, from whence many VeHels failed, and also because even on the Coaff, which is included in the Account, many Vessels are believed to have failed from unfrequented Bays and Creeks, which accordingly have entirely eluded inquiry.

44 Defective however as the account must be, it specifies eleven Vessels bearing about 3,300 Persons from their native Country.

44 As to the present year, it is of course impossible to say what nnm-‘ ber will follow the example of those who emigrated during the last; but the fads that have come to the knowledge of the Committee, persuade them that it will be immense. They have specific information of a number, far exceeding that of last year, who are already under engagement to that effect; and the opinion which they are led on the whole to form, is, that this summer will witness about twenty thousand Highlanders conveyed acrose the Atlantic

Appendix, (No. 52.) 13® Mail,

continued.

Appendix (B.)

E X TRACT from the Evidence of James Grant; Esquire, of Redcastle.

44 On this point (the extent of Emigration) I do not pretend to any great degree of accuracy; I speak from the bed verbal and written informations I have been able to procure, respecting the number of Ships already freighted and departed, or Hill expected for the purpose of conveying Emigrants to America; together with the circumstances and dii of the people on those estates from whence emigration is apprehended. Acecordingly the numbers already actually departed, since the conclusion of the last War to the present time, I estimate at 5,000 persons; an equal number ready to embark in the course of the fcnfuing season; and that the whole depopulation to be expected progressively from the present ferment of emigration, may extend in all to 25,000 fouls, comprehending the ten thousand above dated; and which greater number, calculating the total population of the four Counties alluded to at 150,000, I consider as equal to a full third of all the existing inhabitants of the Weft Highlands, including Islands above referred to.*

Appendix (C.)

Some Particular* of the TONNAGE of VESSELS failing from the Highlands in the Year 1801 and 1802, and the Number of Emigrants embarkedxm them.—Received by a Member of the Committee from a Collector of Custoras in the North of Scotland,

■J Emigration, r-J l8oi. Vessels* Reg' Tonnage. Men. Country of Emigrants. Souls. Country bound to: and Contractor.

From r j c Pidou, Nova Scotia:

Lie Martin - Hope of Loflic 72 i - Inverncfsshire - - - - 100 -1 George Denoon.

Curlew of Dundee 122 - Invernefsftiire - - - - 75

Rofsshire - 10 -

Nairnlliire - 35 Baltimore in Maryland.

Moray ----- 2 -

Angus ----- 6 -

v. * L >' Sutherland ——

Fort William - - - Dove of Aberdeen, 186 i 13 Aird, Strath Glass, *| i

Wm Crane. Urquart, Glengary, I ' 09 U V 2 c 1

Knoydart, Arifaig, P 219 - >■> M 0 <0 P Pidou, N.^Scotia:

Moydart, Iluchaleer, *- Geo. Denoon. j 1 j

* &c. of Invernefsftiire J % * G 5 0 p g g

d -O *

o) 0 £ 1

A few from Rofsshire.

V.;J* Rannaeh, ol Perthshire^j > J ..

• Sarah of Liverpool, 37* i 16 Appin and Gleneo, of 350 <2 .5 D*.

EXan. Wright. Argyleshire - - - ( •3 * 0

o' :?r ' 1 O M

it _ ‘ — — — Renfrewfture - *■ "J < 7=^ s—- 1 ^—

of

1004

Appendix.

A. 1803.

\ppendix>

(No. 52.)

13° Mai

continued. -

'Particulars of the Tonuano of Yettels failing from tin* Highlands-, &c.—continued.

Emigration, 1802. Yetlcls. V k-k' Tonnage. Men. Country of Emigrants. S01 >—- r-——^ als. Country hound to; and Contractor.

From Ille Martin - - - - Tweed of Ullapool 75 i - Sutherland - - 1 7° - - Pietou, N. Scotia.

Fort William -

Friends of Saltcoats, John llow.

Jean of Irvine, Ja. Macdonald.

Helen of Saltcoats, Geo. Service.

Aurora of Greenock, Alex. McLean.

107

168

156

191

10

13

12

H

o

00

5 *s

c

Q*

3

c/3

o

O

s

5

136

*7*

166

128

-Upper Canada; Arch. McMillun, of Mur-lagan, in Locharkig.

> o O ^5

•a

cs

r^*o c«

CO •-

to

00

Pictou, Ni Scotia* Major Simon Frafer,

* Knoydurk - -

* Braccadale in Sky

Moydurt ——

* Barra

* Uitt -Greenock

Those marked * failed without notice to any (’u£om-I Ioufe or to any Revenue Officer.

Neptune of Greenock, Capt. Boyd.

Duke of Kent of Greenock,

Capt. Thomson.

Northern Friends of Clvde.

600

Burthen.

600

Burthen.

300

Northmorae, Knoydart, Glcnelg, Strathglau, Kintail Lochalch, of Invernefsshire, and Rofsshire.

Parish of Sleak, and

McLeod's Country

Rofsshire Glasgow Calleude I. of Rum -I. of Egg

Arifaig, Moydart, &c.

550

600

2

2

6

12

18

300

600

300

250

a

c JtZ

130 full 264 full

To land at Quebec, to go on to Upper Canada* as they could;

Macdonald and Elden, Merch*, in State of Skye.

Wilmington, N. Car4;

Macdonald and Eldeo.

Sidney; Spanish River, I. of Cape Breton.

Canada.

Besides some others not ascertained.

In this year the Passengers, including Freight-money, took out of the Country’ above £. 100,000 sterling

loft to it for ever.

SECOND APPENDIX.

i*—An ACCOUKT of the Number of VESSELS carrying more than Thirty Passengers, that were cleared out in the Year 1802, from the Ports in North Britain, to any of His Majesty’s Dominions, or to the United States of America; specifying the Size of the Yellels, and the Number of Passengers on board; as far as the lame can be ascertained.

Ports from which cleared out. Vessels Names. Matters Names. - Tonnage. Places for which cleared on!. Number of Palleug^rs on board.

Fort William - i - * Friends - - ! Jean John Haw Tons. 107 Canada - 136

- 1)0 - - Ja* McDonald - - 168 - I)0 - i~l

- DJ - - j Helen - Geo. Service - •15<S - D° - 1(56

- ])° - - ,; Aurora - Alex. McLean - - 191 Nova Scotia 128

I fie Martin - 'Fweed - Roderick McKcnzie - 75 1 w 0 1 I 1 7°

Port GJaisrow - - Washington - Nathaniel Noyfe - 224 New York - 57

- ])° - - Thomas - - Shubace Hawes - 174 Charlethnvn

Grernock - Draper - Ormond Noble - - 227 New York 7l

- l)° - - - Robert Bog - 140 Baltimore P5

- D3 - Recovery - Daniel Campbell 167 New York - . - 3«

’ N. B. The Collector and Comptroller of Fort William, by a Letter dated the 24th ultimo, date, that they were well allured that five Veil/ L with Emigrants failed in the year 1802 for America; viz. one Vessel from the ltle of Barra, one from I'm, one from the file ot Sky, one from Knoydart, and the fifth from Moydart; but as none of these Vessels hud cleared out at any Port, and no Revenue Officer attended the ihinping, they rannot pretend to date correctly the number of Passengers conveyed in these Ycliels, although it is generally' understood to be above 1,000 fnuh :■—And,

The Collector and Comptroller of Kirkwall, in Orkney, by a Letter dated the 27th ultimo, date, that a gn at many Men had annually gone from th;.t part of the Country to Hudlbn’s Bay, as servants to the Hudson’s Bay Company; and that this year a Ship from Hull called at Stroinness, on lu*r way to Quebec, and carried out forty young Men as servants to a Company endeavouring to rival the limit n s Bay Company in the Fur-trade: but as the Ships in which the Men were so conveyed to Hudson's Bay did not clear oat at that Port, no exact account of their numbers could be given at the Custom-I ioufe*

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 13th June 1803.

AUx. Cleghortiy

Inspector of Imports and Exports.

s-

43 Geo. III. Appendix* lOOfif

N° 2.—An ACC O U NT of the Number of VESSELS carding more than Thirty Phffengers; that’were deaf ed‘out from tbs Ports-in North Britain, to any of His Majesty's Dominions, or to the United States of America, between the 5th of January ifroj* 1 II. III. and 20th of May following, being the latell period to which the fame can be made up; specifying the Sue of the Vessels, and the Number of Passengers on board, as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Port Place Number of

from which cleared out. Name of the Vessel. Matter's Name. Tonnage. for which cleared out Passengers.

- Tons.

r* Greenock - Pitt - - - - Daniel Campbell - - 308 New York - - - 4*

Appendi (No. 5a

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 13th June 1803.

Alex. Cleghorn*

inspe&or of Imports and Exports.

N° 3.—An ACCOUNT (as far as the fame can be ascertained) of the Number of VESSELS preparing to clear out with! more than Thirty Passengers, from the Ports in North Britain, to any of llis Majesty's Dominions, or to the United States of America; specifying the Size of the Vessels, and the Number of Passengers which each is intended to convey.

— Port from which preparing to clear out. Vessels Names. Matters Names. Tonnage. Places for which preparing to clear out. Number of Passengers to be conveyed.

v Tons.

r. Greenock - Polly Tho* Darby 285 New Brunswick - - 250

- D° - Neptune - Will" Bovd 3°° Quebec - 400

- D® - Ulytfes - Will" Kell 213 North Carolina - 240

Isle Martin Favorite - Ja9 Ballantyne - 165 Nova Scotia 200

,4 Stornoway Alexander John McKenzie - 138 - D* - 140

Tobermory Dykes - Not ttated 230 Prince Edward's Island 70

j£ - D° - Bels - Not ttated 130 - Do - 80

Although the above-mentioned Vessels are all that fall to be dated under the title of this Account, it may be proper to date the following circumstances, as furnishing additional information on the subject of the Account; viz.

I. The Collector of I tie Martin, by Letter dated the 28th ultimo, dates, that a Vessel, called The London, burthen 150 tons, had beetjf purchased at Liverpool by a Merchant of Ullapool, intended to.convey 200 Passengers to Nova Scotia, of whom several had at that date arrived at isle Martin, and were then waiting the arrival of the Vessel from Liverpool; and that a new Vessel, presently on the docks at Oairloch, burthen 120 tons, not yet registered, is reported at Isle Martin to be chartered by the Owner to tarry out 150 Passengers to Nova Scotia.

II. The Collector and Comptroller of Fort William, by Letter dated the 24th ultimo, date, that the Aurora, Alex; Mader, th#

lame Vefle^that had shipt Emigrants at that Port in the year 1802, had arrived there a few days previous to the date of their Letter, being chartered, as it was generally understood, to carry Emigrants again to Nova Scotia, but that the said Vessel had failed from the Port of Fort William on the 22d, probably with a view to escape from the effects of the Embargo, notice of which was not officially received there till the 23d.

III. The Collector and Comptroller of Dundee, by Letter dated the 19th ultimo, date, that an American Ship* called The Lydia, of above *50 tons, has been expeeb.d for fame time at that Port to carry goods to New Vork, and that the Vessel having been advertised, application bad been made to the Agents for the Owners, relative to passage for 7 Families from Alyth in PerthAnre, 8 Persons from the neighbourhood of Perth, to Persons from Elgin, and 3 from Huntly, and from 60 to 100 Persons from Inverness; but that no agreement had at that tims been made on the subject.

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 13th June 1803.

Alex. Cleghorn,

Inspector of Imports and Exports.

1

1

1

SECOND REPORT.

The COMMITTEE, to whom the " Survey and Report of the 44 Coasts and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the *l Command of the Right honourable the Lords Commission-u ers of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802,* is referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House;—

HAVING considered, in their former Report, the nature and extent of the Emigrations from the Western and Northern Highlands Off Scotland, and being strongly impressed with the necessity of affording immediate employment to the Inhabitants of those Islands, proceeded, in the next place, to the consideration of that part of Mr. Telford’s Survey, which relates to forming an Inland Navigation between Inverness and Fort William, with the view of improving the Fisheries, and advancing the general interests of the Kingdom, in War as well as in Peace. But, as Your Committee, in order to obtain a more accurate knowledge of this iuljecl, have thought it material to order several Persons before them from Scotland, and as some time mud elapse before those Persons can arrive, Your Committee proceeded, without further delay, to consider with attention the part of the Survey relating to Roads and Bridges, which they are of opinion are of the higbed importance, for the fame laliitary purposes which the Inland Navigation is designed to promote; especially such of them as will open Communications with the Eishing Lochs and Stations on the different Coasts, through a dittrict of Country at present nearly inaccessible, and which forms a Barrier against all probable Improvement.

VOL. 53.

Your Committee are fenttble, that Bridges cannot be built* ot Lines of Road formed through this mountainous and difficult Country* without the aid of Public Liberality and Encouragement: Thefirft and original expence of such Works, it is in vain to expect that the means of the Proprietors of Land can altogether defray; but it feemsjuR that the Land Owners should assist the Public to the exent of their ability; and for that purpose it may be expedient to afford every facility for enabling them to raise such Sums of Money as may be necessary, as they will share the general benefit which mutt result from difiilfing habits of industry among the People, and opening a free and ready aa-cess to the more cultivated part of the Countiy.

It therefore appears to Your Committee to be advisable, that pro* viflon should be made, for the present year, by Parliament, for defraying one-half of the estimated expence of the Roods and Bridges, which may appear most immediately necessary:

And, That the remainder of the expence of making such Roads and Bridges should be defrayed by the Proprietors of Land, or other Persons who may be benefited thereby; and that provision should be made for keeping such Roads and Bridge* in proper repair:

And, That, in order to provide for the proper Expenditure of the Public Money, and in order that the said Roads and Bridges may be carried on with prudence and ceconomy, it will be proper that Coin-missioners should be appointed to superintend and direct the execution

of the fame:

And, That no aid of any Public Money should be given for fooh purposes, unless a Survey and Eliimate of the Ex^nc?, verified upon

by Goc

3*

Appendix

A. 1803;

'pendix-, so. 58.)

• Junii,

mtimxd.

Oath, shall have been laid before the Commissioners, and upproved by them:

And, That it may be expedient, by a Legislative provision, to afford to the Owners of entailed property, a facility of raising, either by

Charge upon their Estates, or by the Sale or Feu of part of them, such Sums of Money as may be necessary to enable them to furnish their proportion of the expence to be incurred by the making or repairing Roads or Bridges.

4.* Junii.

The COMMITTEE, trf whom the " Survey and Report of the " Coasts and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the " Command of the llight honourable the Lords Commission-" ers of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 1802," is referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House;—

HAVING considered, in their two former Reports, the nature and extent of the Emigrations from the Western and Northern Highland* of Scotland, and the necessity of making Roads and Bridges to open communications with the Fishing Lochs and Stations, and with dil-trids of Country which are at present nearly inaccessible, have proceeded to the consideration of that part of Mr. Telford’s Survey which relates to forming an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Webern Sea, by Inverness and Fort William: and have now received all the Evidence they think necestary, to enable them to form an Opinion on this subject.

Your Committee, being aware of the importance of this great National object, have, with much care, examined sundry experienced and re-spedable Shipmasters, with regard to the present Navigation by The Pentland Firth, Cape Wrath, and the Minch, to the Irish Channel: From the testiinony of several Persons long experienced in this Navigation, it appears to Your Committee, that this Navigation, so far as regards the commercial intercourse between the Western and Eastern Coasts of Great Britain, or between a considerable part of Ireland and the Eastern Coasts of Great Britain, or between a considerable part of Ireland and the Northern parts of Europe; or between the Western Coast of Great Britain and the fame Countries, by the Pentland Firth, is not only very circuitous: but, during the Autumn and Winter, especially in long nights, on acount of the thickness of the weather, the violence of the waves, the rapidity and diversity of the tides, is peculiarly difficult and dangerous. It appears, however, to Your Committee, that some difference of opinion prevails, as to the extent of that danger; for Captains Huddart and Frafer, whose authority mult in all cases have great weight, seem not to think it very considerable. But the contrary opinion is entertained by all those who have had personal experience of that Navigation, and is supported by the acknowledged fafts of frequent and distrclling losses of Property to a large amount, and of many valuable Lives.

Your Committee having also examined, with much attention, sundry experienced Mariners and Civil Engineers, as well as Captain Gwyn, the Commander of the Government Galley on Loch Nefs, a man of thirty-seven years experience in that service, as to the practicability of forming the Canal, and navigating both that and all the Lochs between Inverness and Fort William with Ships of burthen; and likewise as to the difference of time and safety in passing through this Navigation, when compared with that by The Pentland Firth, Cape Wrath, and the Minch; Your Committee find, that the Navigation of the Murray Firth from Buchaness to Fort George is very lafe, has favourable tides, a spacious and commodious Harbour in the Bay of Cromarty on the North-west side of the Murray Firth, and a tolerable good one at Brough Head on the South fide thereof'That, between Fort George and Inverness there is a Loch of lafe Navigation and good Anchorage; from Inverness to the N. E. end of Loch Nefs, adiltance of about seven miles, that the ground is favourable for a Canal; and that Loch Nefs, which is about twenty-two miles in length, and from one to two and a half in breadth, is of great depth of water, and quite free in its Channel from rocks or impediments to the Navigation; that there are/ix anchoring places on the North, and three on the South fide thereof, besides excellent anchoring ground at each end; that it never freezes; and, though subject to occasional gusts of wind, yet they are not sufficiently violent to be dangerous, except from the end of November to the beginning of February: From Ixich Nefs to Loch Oich, a distance of about five miles, the ground is yery favourable for making a Canal. Loch Oich, which is on the summit level between the East and West Seas, is only about one hundred feet above the level of high-water-mark; it i3 about four miles in length, and receives the waters from Loch Garry, Loch Quoieh, and all the Valley of Glen Garry, and Glen Quoieh affording a ftfpply of water beyond every possible demand. Loch Oich is narrow, being only from one quarter to three quarters of a mile in breadth, and is calculated to be navigated by means, of tracking, in the manner of a Canal.— J-roin I^oich Oich there is only a distance of one mile and a half of ground to the N. E. end of Loch Locby: and this ground is also fa-

vourable for makirfg a Canal.—The N. E. end of Loch Lochy is pe* culiarly well formed as an entrance Bason, being separated from the body of the Loch by a narrow Channel, there is a sufficient depth of water, and good anchorage.—-Loch Lochy is about ten miles and a half long, and from one and a half to two rtiiles in breadth; it is quite clear of rocks, and has good anchorage at each end, and also good

anchorage near to the middle of the South fidt at Letter Findlay_Th6

waters of Loch Arkcg fall into the North fide.—The surface of Loch Lochy is about twenty feet below that of Loch Oich, and about eighty feet above high-water mark at Fort William. From tlieS.W. end of Loch Lochy to the Shore of Loch Iail, which is an arm of the Weltern Sea, the distance is about seven miles; a Road might readily be formed along the South lirte of IakIi Lochy, and Y'dlels might )>• tracked in calms, or against light breezes. Betweeft Loch Locby and Loch Eil, the ground iB more rugged than in the oth^r Difftricls; but, conlifting of small rifuigs, the tops of which may be thrown into the Vallies, is not unfavourable for a Canal; and there is 110 appear-* ance of rock any where upon the surface, in the fine of the pro* posed Navigation. The entrance into the Sea at Loch Eil, is at it place where there is good ihclter and anchorage for any number of Vessels of burthen. From Fort Williairr down the Linnlie Loch, until it becomes part of the main Sea, between Oban and the South end of the Isle of Mull, the Navigation is clear, and the tides are favourable; in the collide of this Loch there is (belter and anchorage, and within a little of the extremity of the Linnhe Loch are the excellent Harbours of Oban and Tobermory.—From Oban the Navigation lies within the Islands, pastes near the mouth of Loch Criftan to the Irish Channel, or through the Crinal Canal to the Firth of Clyde; so that from the entrance of the Murray Firth on the East, to the Mull of Cantyre on the Weft, there is no risk from Storms or an Enemy.

Fnftn the evidence of three respectable Shipmasters, who have been many years employed in navigating those seas, it appears, That from Buchaness, oft the Eastern extremity of the Murray Firth to the entrance of the Irish Channel, the average passage at prefeift is above a fortnight; it has frequently been from two so three months; it has been performed in five days; but for so short a passage, not only very fair winds are necclVary, but they must change three times.

From Buchaness to the entrance of the Irish Channel, by the Inland Navigation, with a moderate and fair wind, the passage might be readily and regularly made in five days; with a moderate, but contrary wind, in nine days: and with any contrary wind, when fail could be carried, in twelve days; the great superiority therefore of the proposed Canal to the present Navigation is evident, in expedition as well as safety.

There have been submitted to the consideration of Your Committee, several communications from well-informed Persons of the Ports of Dublin, Liverpool, Greenock, Leith, Aberdeen, and Peterhead; which all agree with respect to the dangers attending the present Navigation by the Pentland Firth and Cape Wrath; and with respect to the advantages before stated, which must arise, from the proposed Navigation, to Commerce and the Fisheries.

Your Committee are therefore deeply imprefied with the immediate necessity of employing the People of the Country in the execution of this great National Work; which will excite a spirit, and introduce habits of industry; and will moil probably check the present rage for Emigration, and prevent its future progress.

Your Committee are equally convinced of the practicability, as of the importance of tills work. The ft rata under ground along the line of the Canal have not yet been proved, by sinking Pits or boring; but from the general appearance of the foil near the surface, there is no reason to suppose that there is any rock near the surface of the ground in the line of the Canal; and from Estimates, which have been made under this supposition, it appears to the Committee, as far as they can depend upon Mr. Ttdford’s knowledge of local circuin-stunces, stated in his Report, that, exclusively of the value of Land, which, except near Inverness, isr in general of inferior quality, the execution of the works in a very plain though substantial manner, with the materials to be tound in the Country, and with the advantage to he derived trom the luperabundant supplies of water on the summit level, which will enable the Engineer to introduce a new and very (Economical mode of forming the Lochs, that the whole expence of a Canal, to contain twenty feet depth, would not exceed Three hundred and Iilty thousand Pounds, it appears, however, to the Committee, from Mr. Jellbp's mode of calculation, that his Efrimate would amount to lour hundred and Seventy-eight thousand Five hundred Pound 5, but

he

43 Geo. Ill; Appendix; 1007

he estimates each Loch at Ten thousand Pounds, whereas Mr. Telford calculates the twenty-five Lochs at Five ifastead of Ten thousand Pounds each; which excels of Ultimate beyond Mr. Telford’s is therefore accounted for, within the sum of Three thousand Two hundred Pounds, by the difference of the expence of twenty-five Loclis^-Mr. Rennie sup-poses, that the proposed Canal would cost from fix to Seven hundred thousand Pounds; but Your Committee beg leave to observe, that neither Mr. Jeflop nor Mr. Rennie are acquainted, from their personal observations, with any local circumstances, they not having ever made a survey, nor having even beeh upon the line of the Canal; but form their judgments from their experience of other works.

Your Committee, from a full consideration of all the Evidence laid before them, and annexed to this Report by way of Appendix, submit to the House their opinion, That the execution of the Inland Navigation, proposed in Mr. Telfords Survey, under all due regulations for the (economical expenditure of such Monies as may be employed in this great work, will be a measure highly conducive to the prospe: ity and happiness of that part of Scotland in which it is situated, and of great importance to the general interests of the whole United Kingdom.

A p P E N D I X.

No. I.—-EXT R A C T S from Mr. Telfords Report of 1801. LINN HE' LOCH.

BETWEEN the Bay of Ohan and the South end of the Sound of Mull, an arm of the Sea, called Thfe Linnhe I.och, runs in a N. E. 'direction to Lochaber, and forms the Wefiern extremity of the Valiev, which pafics in nearly a direct line from the Weft to the Fall Coast. It is through this Valley that the Inland Navigation is proposed to be made. Between Oban and the Coast of Morven, this arm of the Sea is about 12 miles in width; it is contracted to about three quarters of a mile at a place called Ardgower; after which it becomes and continues a mile in width to Fort William; it there takes a Westerly direction, and approaches within the diiiailcc of four miles of the Head of Loch Sheal.

The portion of the Loch, which lies to the Weft of the Strait of Ardgower, is called the Linuhel.och; that to the North-east is called Loch Ell. In the Linnhe Loch there are the Islands of Lismore, Shema, and the Sheep Island. They are composed of Lirneftone; the most considerable is Lismore, about seven miles in length, upon which there are several Limekilns, and some fertile Fields: Shema is a fine grazing Island.—The heft Channel for Navigation is on the North fide of Lismore, and the other Islands; it is clear of lunken rocks, and of sufficient depth of water for the largest Vessels; at Ardgower, on account of the hidden narrowing of the Channel, there i3 a strong current, but as the passage is clear, it is only necessary to take the Flood-tide lb going up, and the Ebb-tide in returning: I am informed that Vessels can readily bear down against Westerly winds, if they can carry fail during Ebb-tides, and that there are anchoring grounds, where Vessels may stop with safety until the tides are suitable. The Hills along the North Ihore are lofty, rugged, and rocky. The Hills do not approach so near to the Weft end of the South Shore.

CALEDONIAN CANAL.

Having given some account of the Linnhe Loch, and Loch Eit, the next object is the Survey, which commences at Fort William, and is carried through the Country to the Coast of Inverness.

It is evident that the modes of conveyance ought to vary according to the nature of the Country in which they are formed, and the business which is ex petted to be transutted by their means; it therefore became fteceiTary, before I entered upon the Survey, to weigh all the circumstances, in order to determine the direction and plan of Navigation which is bell suited to that particular place, and bdl calculated to promote the general good.

I considered, if I Humid find that the Country abounded with w*ater upon the linn mi t level, that the height of this fmnniit above the level of the sea was inconsideruble; that there w as no serious obltacles in the way; that a great part of the dillance was already navigable for Vessels of the largest dimenliems, and that at each extremity they might be immediately passed into deep water, in saie Bays; then, that the general good required that the Navigation should be made to admit Ships of large dimensions, both for Commerce and War; and that, un-Jess a Navigation could be made for Ships of very considerable burthen, it would answer no good purpose.

Upon enquiry, I found that the leading circumstances relative to the nature of the plan, afforded all the advantages that were required, and justified the making a Navigation on a large seale. This determined my condutt, and led me to examine the track in question, with the view of making a Navigation which should admit of Vessels of Urge dimensions-

The advantages to be derived from forming an Inland Navigation through this Valley have not escaped the attention of some persons who were acquainted with it, and were disposed to promote public improvements.

In the year 1773, the Trustees for the forfeited Estates employed Mr, Watt to make a survey of this track, which he did, and furnished them with a Report and Estimate of the Expence of making a Canal of ten feet water. This Report is so able and just, that, had I considered that iize of Canal as most advisable, I should have adopted the calculations of the expence to the present day, and mentioned foine-alterations which have taken place in the country fiiice his survey was made, and should have recommended the Survey to your Lordship’s attention. But Mr. Watt's views were merely to alceitain how far Navigation of any fort was practicable, and therefore he fixed upon ten feet of water as aii alVumed standard to enable him to make his Estimates.

I lose therefore the benefit of his particular calculations; and I am Under the necessity of departing, in some initances, from his line of Canal; especially at the entrances into the Lochs and Tideways, in order to obtaih a greater depth of water; but I have followed him wherever the circumstances would pciniit; and I cannot refill the introducing his general description of the Country through which the Navigation is proposed to be made; because, after having examined the whole with care, I find it to be so correct, that I could only repeat the fame deleriptions, and dwell upon the fame points.

Mr. Watt, instead of proceeding from the Weft to the East, came from the Fall to the Weft; and gives the following Report:

" The situation of the Mtirray Firth will be belt conceived by u viewing a map of Scotland. It is a gtcat arm of the Sea, fepa-u rating the counties of Murray and Inverness frotn Rofsshire and " Sutherland. The lands upon both fides of it are of a moderate u height, and the Navigation is esteemed exceedingly safe. About " ten miles from Inverness, the Firth is contratted to a small breadth,

" by the point of Ardnafier, where Fort George is built, and the of-" polite point of Channiry, in Rofsshire; above that place it is con-<s fiderably wider, and extends about four miles beyond Inverness,

" where it ends in a ftiallow Bay, at the mouth of the Water of " Beahlie.

" The Town of Inverness is situated upon the River Nefs, about a " mile from its mouth; the River is navigable in neap tides for " Vessels drawing nine feet water, to Aberdour, which is a little " below the Town.

u The Grounds from the Sea Coast to Inverness are level, but near w it they rife Hoping to a considerable height, \vhich is the Eastern " Boundary of the Highland Mountains. It may not be improper to " observe, that in going Northwards, by the East Coast, it is in the " country hereabouts that we first find the Gaelic or Erse language,

H the common dialett of the inhabitants; on the West Coast it is " uled in all the countries North of the Firth of Clyde.

" The Town of Inverness is of a middle size, tolerably well built,

" and has a Bridge over the Nels. It has not much trade, excepting " the exportation of the Salmon caught in the river, the quantity of " which is considerable; and also a Manufacture of Sail Cloth and u Twine; which employ many hands, and is in a thriving condition.

" At Inverness, a Valley begins, which extends South-weft in a straight line quite across the island to Locheil, an Arm of the At-" iaritic Sea, on which Fort William is situated; the whole being an u extent of fifty-nine miles.

" Through this Yralley the new communication is proposed to " be made. The Mountains which bound it are steep and craggy;

" on the East fide of the country, they are of a moderate heighf, and " form continued ridges parallel to the Valley; but from the middle " of the country to the West Coast they are much higher, and more u divided by narrow Valleys or Glens. The ltupendous hill of Bon-" Novilh, commonly esteemed the highest in Britain, stands upon the " shore of Locheil, near Fort William.

" This extensive track, the regularity of which is astonishing, iri " such a rugged country, is naturally divided into seven Districts; the u three most considerable are entirely filled with water from hill to hill, so as in many places not to leave a passage for the highway.

u The four parts that are dry land, are not level plains, but have " Considerable inequalities, which may be avoided or remedied in the " passage of a Canal,

" The First District is the Valley of the Nefs, which extends eight miles from the fide of the Murray Firth to the Eatt end of LocK " Nefs. The River Nefs, which is large and rapid; runs through this District in a somewhat winding Channel, and the Valley itself is

" above a mile wide.

" The Second District is Loch Nefs, a fresh-water Lake twenty-two,

« miles long, and one mile Wide; said to be in general one hundred " fathum deep. It is the source of the River Nefs, and is very straight,

‘V and free from fhailows and detached rocks. It is navigated upon " by a (loop belonging to Government, and by a few boats: The prin-« cipal employment of the latter is to carry the Birch Timber that

« grows upon thafides of the Lakeland the Hr Timber which comes 01 " from

Append!: (No. 52.

14* J

continued«

100& Appendix* 1803.

X.

>t>pendix. No. 52.)

*4* Junii,

Continued.

tl from Glcn-Morrison (a valley upon the North fide of it) to the head 11 of the Ri\ei Nets, down which it is floated in Rafts, that river not " being navigable. Roth Tides of Loch Nefs are woody, but the Woods " molilv confining of Birch, Alder, and Ha/.lc, with a fnmll inter- mixture of Oak and Atli, are not valuable.* The Third Division " is the Land lying between the Weft end of Loch Nefs and the East 4< end of Loch Oich; in this Valley there are lev oral small rocky u hills; the river Oich runs near to the North fide of it, on a bottom 41 of loose stones and gravel; and Fort Aoguftus is situated here upon 4‘ a point jutting into Loch Nefs. The length of the Valley is live 44 miics, and its breadth about half a mile.

" Loch Oich, a fresh-water Lake, four miles in length, and a quarter 14 of a mile in breadth, constitutes the Fourth Division.' It is not so 44 deep as Loch Nefs, but except in one place of no great extent, * where the bottom is mud, is iufliciently so for the purposes of navi-" gation. It receives its waters principally from the Garry, which is 44 large, which enters it upon the North fide, arid is supplied itself from 44 Loch Garry and Loch Quoich, two large Lakes lying among the 44 mountains to the Weft. Loch Oich discharges itself by the river 44 of the fame name into Loch Nefs. '1 he mountains upon its South " fide are very high and fttep, but smooth, and covered with Earth, 44 Bndh-wood, and Grass; those upon the North are not so high, but 44 more rugged, they are ..'.*0 in general covered with Bin/it-wood. Ili 44 Gleugary there are fa: 1 to he valuable Fir-woods, and the York 44 Building Company once an lion i nnmee there.

44 Loch Oich apne a s to me to be the bigheft point to which it is 44 neceiTtry to raiie boe Canal. Itc’ 1 nr face is about one hundred icet 44 above the high water of neap tide. It is excellently formed for a 44 Canal of Partition, its size will procure a reasonable l’upply of 44 water; and much more than appears necessary lor a Navigation mu}- be collected in the Lakes 01 Garry and Quoich, to be reserved for 44 dry seasons.

a I he Fifth District, is the Land between the Weft end of Loch 44 Oich and the Fail end of Loch Lochy; it is the highest part 44 of the whole Valley, the lummit which the Canal nmft pass •4 through being twenty-two feet above Oich; this summit, and u the other inequalities of the Dilirift, appear to be composed wholly 44 of gravel and earth; and if I may judge from the steepness and *4 regularity of the adjoining hills, the Canal may be carried through 44 this summit upon the level of Loch Oich, without any risk of meet* h in£ rock. The ground declines very last both to the East and West; 44 the Valley is about half a mile wide here, and the district about two 44 miles long.

44 Loch Lochy, another fresh-water Lake, forms the Sixth District; 44 it is very deep, above half a mile wide, and ten miles and a half 44 long. The mountains upon the North fide are very lofty, and the 14 most steep and craggy of any in the whole track. On the South lide, 44 for part of the length, they are high, smooth, and steep, and are 44 reckoned to produce the best grass of any in the Highlands. The 44 Grounds upon the remaining part of this shore are irregular, but not 44 very high. On the North lide, and near the Weft end, the water of 44 Arkeg enters it; it comes from a Lake of that name, situate about a 44 mile North from Loch Lochy, and of the fame size "with that Lake.

44 On the banks of Loch Arkeg are very extensive natural Woods, 44 belonging to the forfeited Eft ales of Lochiel; they are now cutting; 44 and the Deals and Timber are floated down the river of Arkeg and 44 Lochie, neither of which is navigable for boats.

44 The Seventh District, is the Valley in which the water of Lochy 44 runs, from Loch Lochy to Lochiel; it is more irregular than any 44 part of the others, but presents no difficulties but what may be fur- mounted. The Lochy is a river about the size of the Nefs, and very 44 raj id, having in one place a fall over rucks: It enters Lochiel upon 44 its South shore.

44 Lochiel is about a mile wade, and communicates with the ocean " by a large arm of the Sea, called the Linnhe Loch, the mouth of 44 which is of polite to the South end of the Sound of Mull. At the 44 junction of Lochiel with the Linnhe Loch, there, is a narrow place, 44 where the tide rallies both out and in with great violence; but 44 n»ji her this, nor any other part of th.efc Lochs, are esteemed dan- gep.ns for large vessels; and Lochiel is said to he every where fuf- tiei< ally deep, except near the mouth of the water of Lochy, where 44 the 1! ure is /helving.

44 Tin:* Town of Mary-Burgh oj Fort William is small, and has scarce 44 any trade but what 11 riles from the Garrison, and the exportation of 44 Salmon taken in the Lochy/'

The Town of Fort William or Mary-burgh appears to remain much in the fame ft ate it was in when Mr. Watt made his survey; it has only a little trade, which aril’es from supplying the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Valleys. There is occasionally some llerring-fishing in Loch Eil. The Herrings come in July, and remain until Chrffimaa nearly. They are large towards Christmas. They are good, but not in large quantities. There are Whitings, Haddocks, Flouriders, Skate, and a small mud Cod Fish, in Loch Eil.—The ordinary spring tides rife from 11 to 12 feet. The neap tides 5 to 6 feet. The S. \V. winds prevail mod. Th£ tide flows up the River Lochy about half a mile above the old Castle of Inverlochy.

The River Avis falls into the Loch close under the walls of the fort, and the River Lochy comes in at the distance of 200yards to the Weft of the Avis. Thule two Rivers bring down gravel into the Loch, which renders that part of it ilmllow. The 3: vV. winds having a long reach up the Loch, and working right against the mouth of the Rivers, forces the gravel along the lhores on each lide of them. The gravel has accumulated to a great bank between the Fort and the Town, and to the Welt of the River Lochy; there is also a gravelly flat /helving bunk along the hack of the Town.—Welhvard towards Cameron House, the lhores and bottom of the Loch are mud,-and the water deepens more rapidly. This quarter is also protected by the point of land on the Weitcrn fide of the Loch. It is here therefore that I propose to make the entrance from the Canal.—The piers or jetties which must be made to protect this entrance, I would make to run in a Westerly direction, in order to defend it against the swell of the Loch, to enable the Vessels to get immediately into deep water; and where they have room to bring up under Cameron House, in a /heltered situation* and safe anchorage.—There is a line Roadfield in this Ihdtered quarter, and in the Bay on the Weft fide of the Loch oppo/ite to it.—At the termination of the piers, towards the land, it is necessary to rife, by means of Lochs, to a proper height to suit the lurface of the ground.—At a convenient distance from high-water mark, I propose to make a Bason, ofdimcnfionsfuiTicient to contain half a dozen vessels, w here they might lie in readiness to lock down into the Loch at a proper time of the tide; the adjoining ground is suitable for making such a Bason, The Canal might then be rar-ried along a morally and heathy ground, locking up occasionally to the

S. W. bank of Bennavie’s Burn or Rivulet. T here is a Valley here of considerable depth, but not very wide. There must bean ^cmeducl, with an arch of about 20 feet span to take the Burn; the adjoining bank will afford plenty of materials to fill up the Valley, at a moderate expence.

Here is a good opportunity of observing the nature of the foil; it conlifls of moi’s on the top, under which are funds, gravel, and earth: The foil is very fit for a Canal.

From Bannavie’s Burn, the Canal should be carried, at no great distance from the River, along the edge of heathy banks, which are planted with firs, to opposite Tor Castle.—The ground is uneven iniu surface, but it is of a quality proper for Canal w’ork, and there are good opportunities along the lower fide to dispose of all the extra foil necessary to be cut down in order to form a Canal in the solid ground.

At a little distance above the Farm Iioufes of Bannavies, the River comes info close to the edge of the bank, that it is probable it ihoidd be turned off, by cutting a new course on the South fide; from this point the River takes a sudden turn round the point upon which Tor Castle stands; the Canal may pass on nearly in a right line, at about 500 yards to the Welt of Tor Castle, and across the Shangen Burn: from thence it may pass up rough morally land, locking up at proper distances, to the back of John Cameron’s House, where there will be forne deep cutting. The foil all this way is favourable; the surface is rough, but there is no appearance of rocks. From this pomt the Canal may be carried on a level to the S. W. end of Loch Lochie; it may pass along the upper fide of the public road, and between the Churchyard and House of Stron to the River Loy, which it may cross on the lower fide of the Bridge, and here there must be an Aqueduct Bridge. The span of the arch of the present Bridge is 42 feet. The line of Canal then may turn eafdy round the gently Hoping brow of the hill to the ltiver May, which it may cross, and pass close under the lower houses of the Village of May: There must be a small Aqueduct Bridge of about 20 feet span for the May. This distance is chiefly through cultivated land.—From the Village of May, the Canal would bend a little to the Weft, and then pass along the edge of the River where a ftnall Brook runs in, and where there is a house inhabited b Dugald McMasters, at the distance of about 500 yards from the S. W.

* 44 I have, fays Mr. Watt in another place, a little to add to my former description of Loch Nefs. It is a beautiful piece of water, bounded each side uv rocky mountains, which in many places are covered with Wood; except at the East end, it is everywhere deep closeto the ftiore. I imagine that its great depth is the cause of its never freezing, for the water that is taken out of it, is as much aft’eded by the frost as any other. I have heard that in a florin, the waves run higher upon it than they do at sea; but I was at the East end of it during the time of amost violent one at South-weft, and I saw no waves that would have deterred me from venturing upon it with a skilful Boatman, even in a small boat. Tb« cntavrmrable weather hindered me frorn^ making an accurate survey of the Coasts of Loch Nets; I attempted to find its length by Trigonometry, but its great extent, and the want of a proper base, made the rrfult dubious. The draughts I have given of it and Loch Lochie,"are Therefore to be coutidtrcd only as giving general ideas of the ftiape of those Lakes, in which their diredioa is ascertained, and their length and breadth nearly given. (

ixvd

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1009

end of Loch Lochie. From the May to this place, the surface of the ground is partly arable, and partly rough and heathy; but there appears no obstacle to making a Canal. From Dugald M'Malters' to the end of the Loch, the banks of the River are high and steep; it therefore seems advisable to throw a strong Wear aorofs the River opposite to Mr. M'Mallers* house, and to convert the remaining part of the River into a Canal. By making this Wear of a height to obtain a sufficient depth of water, the general surface of Loch Lochie would be raised above its present level, but no inconvenience would be experienced. About half a mile below the proposed termination of the Canal, the River Spean falls in on the South fide of the Lochie: It is a considerable River, and comes down a Valley towards the South-

See Mr. Watt’s Account.

eatt, and which runs at foine length down the country.—The distance measured along the line of the Canal from high-watermark, where it is proposed to enter Lorhiel, to Dugald McMalters/ house, near Loch Lochie, is feveu miles; from this house, along the river to the end of the Loch, 523 yards.

The rife, from the line of high-water mark ordinary spring-lides to the surface of the water in Loch Lochie, 79 feet 9 inches.

Through this difiriel, the hills along the North lide of the River Lochie are lofty, rugged, and heathy; along the South fide of the River there is a hill, but not high; to the South of this hill there is a linall Valley, beyond which Ben Avis, and the hills adjoining, form a lofty and magnificent boundary.

The Military Road, infieadof being carried with an cafy and gradual afeent along the banks of the River, and level along Loch Lochie, pafles up the Valley between the low hill above-mentioned, and Ben Avis; it rises over the South-call point of this low hill, falls down a deep bank to a Bridge over the Spean, from which it again ascends, and pafies at a distance from the Loch fora considerable way; it then comes near to it, and continues along S. E. fide to the top or Eatt end of the Loch.

The rocks near the Bridge over the Spean, and those on the South fide of Loch Lochie, near the S. \V. end of the Loch, arc all lchittees in thin lamina?; near the Bridge they run S. W. and N. E.; they dip towards the North, and lye at an angle of about 3o°; near the Loch they stand almost perpendicular, and run a little to the S. of W.

The general direction of Loch Lochie is N. E. and S. W. nearly; I did not measure the length of it, but it is said to be 10J miles, and half a mile in breadth; it appears to be fully so. The hills on each side are very high; those on the South fide are in one continued ridge, except the opening where the River Gloigh comes down. The fide of this ridge is very deep down to near the waters edge, where the Hope becomes more gentle; the upper parts are covered with grass, beautifully green; along the Ihore it is either cultivated or covered with brush-wood. On the N. fide the upper part of the hills are divided into pointed forms, and they are rocky; from that, down to the water s edge, they arc steep, but covered with grass, and some brush-wood. I could observe no obttacle to making a Road all along the South fide of the Loch, and near to the waters edge. The Loch is very deep, and generally continues so to the fiiore. On the North fide, and at the distance of about one mile from the S. \V. end of Loch Lochie, is an inlet which conne&s with Loch Arkeg, which is said to be about twelve miles in length.

The hills at the top or Eafiern end of Loch Lochie arc good pasturage; those on the S. fide are frequently cut into deep gullevs by the water, which runs down in torrents from rain. The brush-wood is alder, hazel, afh, and mountain ash. The /bores are formed with gravel, composed of whinitones of a greenish colour, some pudding ttones, and some granite. At some distance from the top of the Loch, the /hores are rocky to near the edge of the water; between the rocks and the water are loose ttones, not very large; they consist of greenish, white and flinty spar, and some granite. At the top of the Loch, a considerable Brook falls in on each side; these Brooks have brought down mud and gravel from the hills, which being deposited on . cacJl U'orc of the Loch has contracted its breadth from near 600 into about 50 yards, and that for a distance of upwards of 500 yards in length; above this place the Loch widens again for about 400 yards in length. If these brooks continue to run in the fame direction, they wrill, no doubt, in time fill up this part of the Loch altogether; but this may easily be prevented by turning their course, so that it may be lengthened and pass into the Loch in a more oblique direction, and where the Lake is broader and deeper. The manner in which they may be turned to advantage may befeen by referring to the Chart.

The space between Loch Lochie and Loch Oich is the only part between sea and sea that is not either Loch or River, and even here a small Rivulet runs part of the way. The dittance, as measured along the line of the proposed Canal, is 1 mile 2 quarters and 170 yards.

p

The level of the surface of the water in Loch Oich, above 7 that of Loch Lochie, is - * _ _ _ _ r

The surface of the ground along which the Canal should be 7 earned, is above the surface of the water in Loch Oich \

Lg:°Und;Pra remarkab,y Arable; the surface is a ,,e whole of h"*1 the correfP°nd>ng features lead us to expect that the *hole of tins ebafm u filled with mud and gravel. If it is so, there

Vftr ,9

In.

19 8

25 6 a fine

have been more arduous undertakings accompli (bed, under my directions, in order to attain objects of much inferior importance.

Being now' arrived at the summit level, it may be right to remark, that I have found the surface of the w’ater in Loch Oich to be 99 feet 5 inches above the level of high-water mark in ordinary spring tides at the (bore of Lochiel. The weather has been remarkably fine, and I have carried on the levels with all the care I was capable of, I therefore presume that I have been correct; and I am confirmed in the belief, because I agree with the levels Hated by Mr. Watts within 7 inches.

Standing upon this summit, between two seas, opposite lo the entrance to the Baltic on one hand, and to the most direct passage from the Eatt fide of the Island to America on the other, with the advantages which the form of the country afiord for an Inland Navigation; and the (lender obttaclcs which, on the whole, are interposed; I trust the importance of the objects to be attained by means of such a work will juttifv me for dwelling with minuteness on the circumstances connected with this part of the Survey. I am convinced that your Lordfiiips are anxious to be put in polk-ffion of all fads, in order to enable you to form a correct judgment, and to decide upon w hat is belt for the public good. There is no obstacle in the way of connecting the Canal properly wfith the top of Loch Lochie and Loch Oich, There will, however, be some deep cutting and lockage; waiter for which Loch Oich will supply.

Loch Oich, lying on the summit level, may be called the Canal of Partition; I did not measure the length of it, but it is said to be 4J miles long, and on an average £ mile wide, which is about the width of the River Thames at Westminster Bridge. It is narrowed where the River Garry falls in, but sufficiently broad for the purpose of an Inland Navigation; there are three small Blands in this Lake. The hills on each side are rough and rocky down to the (bores nearly: the /bores are fiat and gravelly; on the South fide are flat and cultivated ground, and the fides of the hills grow a great deal of bru/h-u'ood. There are some plantations of firs on the N. fide. About half way down the Lake on the N. fide, and near to the mouth of the River Garry, Hands the old Cattle of Glengarry; the house of the present Proprietor Hands very near the Cattle, and there is a very lofty peaked hill immediately behind it. These circumstances, with the opening of a deep Valley towards Loch Garry, combine to render this a very romantic landscape.

Loch Garry is said to be fix miles in length, and Loch Quoich eight miles; the water of this latt Loch falls into Loch Garry, and runs thence into Loch Oich on the summit level of the proposed Navigation.

The Feeders to these Lochs branch into a very considerable tra£ of country; one fiream, called the Joine Water, penetrates almott to the /bores opposite the S. end of the Bland of Sky. The rains in that part of the country are heavy and frequent, so that the waters which the Rivers carry offwoidd probably be more than sufficient to supply all the lockage. In case there was at any time apprehensions of this proving insufficient, the two Lochs above-mentioned, taken together, make a reservoir 14 miles in length, and with Loch Oich, upwards of ]8 miles. This removes completely every doubt respecting the supply of water, which is the moll important of all questions relative to Canal making. The fupcrabundance of water would add greatly to the value of this proposed National Improvement, and is applicable to many very valuable purposes, some of which I shall take an opportunity of mentioning in the course of this Report.

The Eattern end of Loch Oich has a flat gravelly ttiore, and the lands adjoining to it are meadow or arable land. The River Oich pafles out of the N. E. corner; it bends a little to the N. and flows with several windings over loose ttones and gravel to the upper end of Loch Nefs, into which it falls at the N. W. corner. From the bottom of Loch to the top of Loch Nefs, the general outlines of the Valley widen, but there is a low rocky hill which lies in this Valley, along the South fide of the river.

There mutt a Wear he made across the River, in order to keep it to a proper height; the Canal should be taken out of Loch Oich on the South fide of the River, and should be carried almott parallel with it to FortAugufius. The ground is in general very favourable, except in one place, where the River runs close to the rocky point of the low hill before-mentioned, it should be turned into a new channel, to be cut along the low green ground on the N. fide; and the Canal should occupy the present bed of the river. The Lochs may be madt at proper distances where the declivities and other circumstances shall answer best at Fort Augustus. The Canal should pass along the N. fide of the Town through the bank N. of the Fort, and fall into Loch Nefs near the present Pier. The distance from Loch Oich to Loch Nefs,'measured along the line where the Canal is proposed to pass, is 5 miles 2 quarters 23 yards. The fall from the surface of the water in Loch Oich to the fuiTace of the water in Loch Nefs 53 feet.

There was some stormy weather while I was on this part of the Survey, so that I cannot be positive as to the accuracy of the level; but there cannot be much difference.

The rocks on the N. fide of the mouth of the River Oich dip to the N. at an angle of about 45°; are stratified in thin laminae, and are excellent for building Locks cgTi^.^ by QjOOgLC

Append u (No. 52. 14*

continued.

Appendix*

1010

A. 1803,

Appendix* (No. 54.) 14® Ju

tontumtd.

The point of land upon which the Fort and Town of Fort Augustus (lands appears to be composed chiefly of gravel. There is another River falls into the Loch, to the South of the Fort it is called The Tars.

The shores of the upper or Weftem end of Loch Nefs, towards each side, are flat, owing to the gravel which is brought down by the River; in the middle, near to the Pier, the (bore shelves down very suddenly. The general direction of the Loch is N. E. and S. W. very nearly. The prevailing winds are from the S. W. and they almost always blow up or down the Valley. The hills on each side are lofty and rugged, and deep, down to the very edge of the water. They are mostly covered with brulh-wood.

The Military Road leaves the Loch, pafles over the tops of the hills on the South fide, and returns towards the Loch at the Fall of Fyers; pafles the General's Hut, and then falls down to the Loch fide; near which it continues to the lower end of the Loch, at the village of Dores: On the North fide of the Loch, a road pafles Eadweard along the edge of the Loch to Glen-Morrison; it there leaves the Loch and erodes the river by a bridge, about a mile from its mouth, it then returns to and continues down the edge of the Loch for about a mile; it afterwards ascends the hill, and pafles along the brow of it to Urqu-hart, which is on the margin of the Loch. From Urquhart it pafles down the margin of the Loch to the lower end opposite to the Ferry.

I did not measure the length t)f the Loch, but it is laid to be about 22 tnilcs, and it seems to be above a mile in breadth; it is. in general deep to the very shores. From Fort Augustus, I pafieddown the Loch in a boat to the mouth of the River Fye^s, and examined the shores as I went along; from thence I rode along the South fide to Dores, taking notes as I went. I have represented the form and nature of the shores as accurately as I could upon the Chart. 1 am of opinion it is practicable to make a road close to the shore, either on the South or North fide, whichever should answer the best purpose for towing or tracking Vessels. It would require a more accurate examination and compa-rifon, to decide upon which shore it is the moll advisable; in either case, the road would require to be carried over the mouths of the Rivers which fall into the Loch; and it appears to me, it would be best to do this by means of wooden Bridges. I shall speak as to the manner of navigating this Loch, as well a3 the others, as soon as I have carried the survey to Inverness.

From the lower end of the Loch at Dores, the hills which form the South fide of the Valley begin to turn away to the i.aft; those on the North fide continue in almost a direct line nearly to Inverness, where they end abruptly at Loch Beauly; although the general valley becomes wider, there are considerable irregularities between the lower end of the Loch and Inverness, which divide this District into two lesser Vallies; that to the South is called the Strath of Dores, and is well cultivated. The River Nefs runs along the North Valley; the fides of the hills near the end of the Loch, and down to Inverness, are clothed with extensive plantations of fir; along the vallies and banks of the river, the arable land and plantations are intermixed; the River, which is a very considerable stream, pafles along with several windings to the Town of Inverness, and falls into Loch Beauly, about a mile below the Town. Loch Beauly is here contracted into less than one mile in width; it opens both below and above to about three miles in width, and is terminated at the Village of Beauly, seven miles Westward; and at Fort George, about fix miles Eaihvard; it is contracted to a narrow entrance between Loch Beauly and the lower end of Loch Nefs; there are several very good houses, on well-chosen filiations, along the fide of the hills; and, altogether, this District is beautiful and interesting.

Near to where the River, Nefs comes out of Loch Nefs, there must be made a regulating W ear across the River, and an eligible filiation chosen for connecting the Canal and Loch; and erecting piers for protecting its entrance. The Canal should pass down the North fide of the River, and at no great distance from it, along arable land and meadow grounds, until it reaches a steep bank at Moulin Duar: The River mult here be turned out of its present course, and the Canal be made along the present bed of the River; this may be done with facility, as there is already a division of the stream which runs another way; and if the Mill Wear was taken away, the whole of the River would run in the channel to the Southward, where it is proposed to turn it. There would be a Mill destroyed here, but that will be amply provided for in the subsequent part of this Report. From the Mill, the line of Canal pafles along a gently Doping bank, partly cultivated, and partly heathy, past the Bleachfield, to the upper corner of the steep bank called Tourvaine; along this last distance,. the Canal mute defeend by lockage: The river here flows close to the bottom of the steep bank, and mud be turned into a new channel, cut for it on the South fide of the present stream; and the Canal mud be formed in the present bed.

From the N. E. point of the steep bank at Tourvaine, the Canal must pass through the fields on the South fide of the public road, to the skirts of the suburbs of Inverness, called the Muir 1 own; it there crosses the road, and pafles through some fields to the road which goes from Inverness to Beauly; it erodes this road also and pafles through the Marfti, and on a line through the fields to Loch Beauly, into which it falls a little way to tlje East of Kefiock Ferry. From a little above

the Muir Town, the Locks must be placed at proper distances, so as to suit the ground and entrance into the Loch; near to the Loch there should be an artificial Bason made capable of containing a few Vessels to be in readiness to fall down at the proper time of tide. Where it is proposed to make the Canal enter, the shore (helves down very suddenly into deep water, and good anchoring ground; and I was informed by some experienced Seamen that this l’pot is always (heltered and safe. The Longman and Dollan Points defend it against the North and East winds, and there are no heavy seas with the Westerly winds. Owing to the hidden contraction here* there is a strong current, both with the flowing and ebbing tides; but this current runs chiefly along or near to the North shore, and is of service to carry Vessels out and in, if the wind is not very fair.

The whole of the Loch to Fort George is good anchorage. At present* the Vessels generally bring to on the South fide of the Loch, about four miles below the Town of Inverness, in five fathom water, in the Carse Road. Up towards Beauly, the Loch (hallows. The ordinary spring tides life here eleven feet. Neaps about seven feet. Extra Springs fifteen feet. The highest tides are with Westerly winds, but the roughest sea with the wind at N. E. and East. The tides are highest on the third day after full and change.

From the lower end of Loch Nefs, to the place where it is proposed that the Canal shall fall into the Loch Beauly, the distance is seven miles and 67 yards. The fall from the surface of water in Loch Nefsr to the line of high-water mark at Loch Beauly, is 36 feet.

Mr. Watt makes the fall 45 feet; but, from the depth he mentions, Loch Nefs must at that time have been fuller by about 4 feet; and he took his level from the time of high-watermark neap tides, which makes a difference of other 4 feet; and, allowing for theie two circumstances, the levels agree within 1 foot.

With regard to the materials for the Piers, Locks, and other works, necessary for such a Navigation:—Near to Inverness, stone, lime, and sand, are to be had in futiicient quantities; the Hone and (and are got in the neighbourhood; the lime is brought by sea. There is freestone near Red Castle, and in Manloehie in Loefli Beauly, and likewise at Brughhead on the Murray Firth. At Dores a good building stone can be had, situate about a mile up the hill on the South, upon the estate of Frazer Tytler, Esq. The lime is got from Inverness and Fyers. Sand from the shores of the Loch and Rivers. Timber may be had from Glen-Morrison or Inverness. Near to Fort Augustus there is an excellent building stone; lime is got from Fyers or Aber-halda above Loch Oich.

I had no opportunity of examining the Stone Quarries on the Dimmit level; but, as the hills on both iides of the Valley are composed of rocks, there can be little doubt that proper stone may be found. 1 observed good stone near to the bottom of Loch Lochy, on ik« South fide; and likewise by the lides of the River Spean. Lime can be had on the summit level, near to Fort William, and from the Island of Lismore. Freeftone may be had from the Coast of Morven, or the South end of the Island of Mull; sand can be had almost any where; and the Country Timber in Loch Eil, Loch Arkeg, and Glengarry, might be made to answer most purposes.

In forming this Navigation, I think that a very considerable saving might be made by departing from the common mode of constructing the Locks. Locks are in general composed entirely of Masonry, and are very expensive. They are formed after this manner, in order that they may be made nearly of the fame size as the Vessels, so that as little water may be loft as possible, and that as short time may be taken in fitting them. In the present case, as there is a superabundant quantity of water, the liufbanding the use of it is not an object to (b much attended to; I therefore propose to make two pair of gates* with the necessary bulwarks, for each Lock; and make the space between the gates of earthen banks, (loped in the usual way of China! Banks; the Lock would in this way require a longer time in filling and emptying; but the Paddles might be construCled so as to remedy this in a great measure; and belidcs this, two or more Vessels might pass through the Lock at one time.

The Vessels would of course be tracked by horses along the Canal, and also Loch Oich, because this Loch is narrow. On Loch Nefs and Loch Lochy they might easily run before a fair wind in the course of a few hours; with a contrary wind they might beat up when they could carry fail, and they might be tracked by horses in calms or against light breezes.

The lands in the course of the Valley, from Fort William to Inverness, belong to the following Proprietors. Beginning at the (bore of Lochiel, and passing up the North fide of the River Lochy to opposite the Public House called Letter Findlay, the land is the property of Cameron of Loch Eil; on the South fide of the Valley, the puke of Gordon's property continues from Fort William to the River Spean. —At the Spean, that of Cameron of Letter Findlay begins, and continues along the South fide of the Loch, to within two miles of the top of it. Opposite to Letter Findlay, the property of Mac Donnell Glengarry begins, and towards the top of the Loch it takes both lides of the Valley, and continues to do so for about one and a quarter mile beyond the N. E. end of Loch Oich. Here begins the property of Frafer of Lovat, which takes both fides of the V alley to the top of

Loch

43 Geo. Ill* Appendix* 101,1

Loch Nefs, and continues along the Weft fide for about fix miles to the Water of Morrison, a,nd on the South fide for about one mile. On the South fide the Land of Frazer of Knocky commences, and continues about three miles, after which, Lovat’s property of Strath-herrick comes in for about two miles; then Frazer of Fyers, which occupies about five miles to the water of Fanikak. Here Frazer Tytler comes in, and continues to the end of the Loch, where Lovat's property terminates on the North fide of the Water of Morrison; Grunt of Glen Morrison begins, and continues about three miles. This is succeeded by Sir Janies Grant of Grant's property of Urquhart, which continues to within a mile of the lower end of the Loch. Here Baillie of Dochiour commences, and continues two miles, Baillieof Dunain, about three miles, and Fraler of Torbeck, and others, to Inverness. On the South fide, Fraler Tytler is iucceeded by the property of Simon Frafcr of Nefs Castle, for about three miles; after which follow a variety oi finaller properties to Inverness.

From the mouth of the River Nefs to Fort George is about fix miles in a direct line, and the Loch or arm of the sea is about three or four miles wide; the general depth of water is five fathoms at high water, ordinary fpving tides; the ground is good; the land which lies along the South fide of the Loch is low, and the ihores are Tandy and flat; on the North fide the fiiore is rocky. The ditlance between Fort George and the opposite Point of Channery is about three quarters of a mile; there are from 15 to 27 fathoms in the middle; near the South fide it is 5 J fathoms, and on the North fide 4 ~ fathoms. To the Euft of Fort George the fiiores are low and Tandy; there is a long sand bank, called the Whiting: The usual Channel is, 1 under-stand, between this sand bank and the North Ihore, ill which there are about fix fathoms where fiialloweft. The North Ihore is hold and rocky, or covered with large looie stones.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Caledonian Canal: Bridges - Rubble Stone Work, 27 Yards ' 8 D°

2 D*

432 N° 2

----- £. s. d.

864 Cubic yards, at 8j. 345 12 o Wooden Swing Bridge, Curbs, Defenders, &c. - 404 8 o

Value of one Bridge - £• 75° o o

Allow for Irregularities £. 250 per milfe for 21 miles 5,250 Puddling the Banks 12 yards in each yard in length 11,220 Bridges, 12 in number, at £.750 each - - - - 9,000

Aqueductslvo 6,000each,£..2,0607

n | N° 10, at 1,000 each 10,000 ) '

Back Drains and Mowing Path ----- 5,312

Extra Cutting on Summit ----- 8,ooq

Na 25 Lochs, 8 feet rife each, at £. 5,oop each - - - - 125,000

Wears where the Canal leaves the Lochs - - - 10,00a

Expence at Entrances of Lochs, the Bulwark of dry stone 20,000 Extra Cutting for Basons - -- - 5,000

Wastes and Lett-ofls 10, at 500 £. each - - - 5,000

Roads along the Lochs for Tracking - 10,700

£• 349^17

In this Estimate there is no provision made for cutting in Rock, as there is no appearance of any in the line of Canal. There is no provisiou for the purchase of land

The improvement of the Central Highlands, and indeed of all the Highlands, may be expected*to follow from forming the Inland Navigation, and building the Bridge^. Besides facilitating the intercourse w hen completed, habits of industry would be introduced during the execution of the works. The industrious part of the Inhabitants would thereby obtain some capital, which Would enable them to embark in other employments, at present totally out of their power; and many such employments would occur to the People who would be engaged in the different operations attending the making the Inland Navigation. —To persons who are acquainted with the nature of Manufactures, it will appear a matter of no flight importance to have the command of Falls of Water inexhaustible as to quantity, and which never freezes; and these conveniently situated for procuring raw Materials from the Northern parts of Europe and America, and connected with a water* conveyance for Vessels of any magnitude.

1 am of opinion, that the spinning and weaving of Sail Cloth and-Sacking of all descriptions might be done there by means of Machinery worked by Water; also the twitting of Rope6, sawing of Timber, and many other purposes, which are simple, and want only the constant operation of a great and unexpenfive power. With such Reservoirs as these Fresh-water Lakes afford, it becomes a great National object to enable them to be applied to beneficial purposes.

Locks; - Rubble Stone Work, 37 Yards

10 D°

3 D#

Appendix No. 2.

Letters respecting the probable Use of the Caledonian Canal.

1,110

4 times £* s. d.

4,440 Cubic yards, at lo.y. 2,220 o o 3,000 feet Freestone for hollow Quoins, Coping,&c. at 2 s. 300 o o Two pair of Gates, Piling, Sheeting, & c. ----- 2,480 o o

£. 5,000 o o

The Rubble Work in the Bridges is estimated at the rate for which it is performed in Bridges in the Northern parts of Scotland, and, which is about Two Shillings per cubic yard higher than wha$ is paid for House Building.

The Rubble Work in the Locks is estimated at the rate of 2.s. per cubic yard higher than in the Bridges, and 4s. higher than in house Building, on account of more Water Lime being uled.

The Freeftone is estimated at the rate of 6 d. per cubic foot higher than it can be delivered at Dunkeld, from near to Dundee; and which I think an average for the works upon the Canal.

All the Timber (a few pieces excepted) for Bridges, Locks, Piling, Sheeting, Defenders, &c. is proposed to be of the Country Timber, which may be got from Glen-Morrison, Glengarry, and Loch Ark eg, at from 12 d. to 18 d. per foot.

ST A T E M E N T of General Expence.

Supposing the Canal to be 50 feet wide at the bottom, and to slant at the rate of one and a half to one in the height, and the Ground of such a form that fifteen feet cutting will make good the banks;

50 Feet breadth at bottom 22 6 D° slant of one side

72 6 D°, or 24 | yards, an average width

9. d.

o 6 17 60

5,3H

Total distance - - - 21 \ Miles

24 i Yards the average width 5 J)° depth

— , . £■ W JU one yard in length, at 6 d.-----3

One mile - -

l.v—Copy of a Letter from Francis Trench, Esquire, respecting the Use of the Caledonian Canal, as it regards the City of Dublin.

Dated Navigation Office, Dublin, 23d January 1803.

Dear Sir,

I have been prevented from replying to your esteemed favour by the Gentleman whom I consulted on thesubjett (a leading Member of the Insurance Office) being called suddenly out of Town, and taking your Letter with him.

Since his return, he has laid it before mod of the Gentlemen who frequent his Office; and be informs me, that the general opinion among them is, that a Canal made through the Lakes of Scotland for Vessels of so large burthen, would be resorted to by almost all Vessels coining from the Baltic, and neighbouring Countries, to the North, North-east, and North-weft of Ireland, iti time of War; and that, even in time of Peace, if the Tonnage was moderate, it would be frequented during great part of the year. In my opinion, the Vessels bound for Liverpool, and that fide of England, with valuable Cargoes, such as Tallow, Hemp, &c. would prefer this ftiort route to faye Interest of Money, while the large Timber Ships, whose Cargoes are not much more value than double the value of the freight, would prefer the longer sea, at least during a Peace.

It surprized me to find that you cross Scotland with so small au afeent at one hundred feet; the two Canals, which cross this from East to West, have three hundred feet rife before they reach their head level.

(Signed) Francis Trench,.

2.—Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Foster, Surveyor to the Town of Liverpool, and Secretary to the Docjt Commissioners.

Dated Liverpool, 14th February 1803.

Dear Sir,

I have duly received your favour of the 6th instant; and beg leave to acquaint you with the resultof my enquiries from the best informed mercantile and nautical Persons here is, that the proposed scheme of 0 Canal through the Caledonian Lakes would be productive of advantages to certain Vessels trading to this Port, particularly in time of War, or in the Winter; but it appears to be the unanimous opinion oyVjVL of

Appendi (No. 52. 14° Jutiit

continued<

iOi£

Appendix-

A. lS03.

Appendix,

’No. 52.)

14* Junii, continued.

of the fame Persons, that this convenience would not warrant any coiisiderable rate of Tonnage upon any description of Vessels trading to this Port. These Persons are also of opinion, that the utility of the scheme, as connected with this Town, would greatly depend upon its capability of admitting Vessels of certain draughts of water; the larger, of course, the more useful.

(Signed) John Fojltr.

Poftscript:— ' ‘

The fmaUcJt size of Vessels trading from henCe to the Baltic is about 75 feet in length, 21 feet wide, 120 tons burthen, and drawing 12 feet water.

The larged size of Vessels in the fame trade is about 130 feet long, 35 feet wide, 650 tons burthen, and drawing 19 feet water.

ing the Works, the Canal would, in tny humble opinion, disappoint the Public; for private Individuals will not be found to embark in so uncertain a speculation.

I purposely avoid giving any ^opinioti about the benefit the Canal may possibly render the Country, by employing idle Hands, improving the Soil, facilitating the Coalling Trade, and checking Emigration; as these will be stated by others, who from local knowledge, are better qualified to do so. I have also avoided to state the advantages the Country may derive from the Canal in a Military point of view, such as the expeditious transportation of Troops on an emergency from Fort George to Ireland; as these will occur to professional Men.

3.—Extract of a Letter from Hugh Crawford, Esq. of Greenock.

Dated Greenock, 13th November 1802.

Before I ventured to make up my own mind cm the subject of a Canal from Loch Linnhe to the Murray Firth, I was inclined to consult impartial and intelligent Merchants and Navigators, and the result tends to strengthen the opinions which my own deliberations liad 'led me to form in a matter confessedly of high National importance.

I therefore hasten to befiow that unequivocal approbation which the undertaking projected is so jufily entitled. The advantages which the whole of Ireland and Welt of England would derive from it are iiriking and prominent; since a tedious and dangerous failing would be avoided, by a communication formed to admit the reception of Vessels of the largest burthen. In truth, trade to a greater extent than there is at present would be created; for where obstacles are so encountered, mercantile enterprize grows languid, and is prone to resort to sources calculated to repay, with ease and readiness, its exertions. The Weft of Scotland would derive equal advantage did the Crinan Canal admit Vessels requiring as great a depth of water, as is proposed that the Caledonian Canal shall possess. Still, however, the larger Vessels, which are the most proper for transporting the bulky commodities of the North, are also the most fit to fail round the Mull of Cantire without danger; to preclude which, and prevent delay so common in voyages of the Smaller and chiefly Fishing Vessels, the Crinan Canal was at lirft deligned. The Caledonian Canal would certainly induce the Merchants of the Eastern Parts of Scotland more to attempt the West Indian and American commerce than their local situation has hitherto rendered eligible; but which, freed from the circuitous and dangerous Navigation by the Pentlund Firth, or the Orkneys, would no longer be uninviting. The Fillieries might be also eminently forwarded by the easy tranlition which this Canal would afford from the one to the other verge of the United Kingdoms.

If what I have presumed to state be reasonable, and its objects deserving of consideration in a period of Peace and general security, how many strong arguments may be jufily advanced for the execution of the Canal, if War lhouldbc again forced upon this Country; which however deeply to be deplored, would, in my humble apprehension, by such an improved Navigation, protected by a proper Northern Naval Station, with reference to the commercial relations of which I have ventured to obtrude my opinion, be disarmed of no small portion of its destructive power.

(Signed) Hugh Cranford.

Leith, 23 Dec. 1802.

Tkot Williamson.

Sir,

5.*~Letter from William Sibbald, Esquire.

Leith, 2olh December 1802.

I am favoured with your Letter of 14th instant, acquainting me that it is in the contemplation of Government to open a Canal from Invemefs to Fort William, on a scale to admit the largest West India and Baltic Ships; and desiring my opinion, how far such Canal would be of advantage to the Commerce of the United Kingdoms.

It appears obvious to me, that the proposed Canal will be of very great advantage to the Commerce of the United Kingdoms, in particular to the East and 'Weft Coafis of Scotland, North of the Forth and Clyde, and to Ireland. To the East Coast it will open the trade to Ireland, from which it is presently nearly precluded; it will open to them a ready participation of the Weft Highland Herring Fishery, and will open a ftiort passage to their Ships in the West India and American trade. To the West Coast of Scotland and to Ireland, it will open a ftiort and safe communication to the North Sea, by which their trade to the Baltic, and the Continent will be greatly improved, and the Slate and Keep of the Weft Highlands will be brought to Market on the East Coast of Scotland and England much quicker, and with less expence and danger than at present. In short, it appears to me, and to every intelligent Person with whom I have conversed since I received your Letter, that the proposed Canal will be a work of very great public utility, and deserving the attention of His Majesty’s Ministers.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Wm Sibbald.

4.—A Letter from Thomas Williamson, Esq. of Leith.

Although I have considered the subjet of the intended Canal, mentioned in your Letter, with great attention, I feel much diffidence in hazarding any opinion on a matter of so much importance.

It has always appeared to me, that the principal advantage the Country derives from Canals from Sea to Sea, depend on the depth of water in such Canals. If the one in question is to be of the capacity reported, there is no calculating the possible advantages that the Kingdom may derive from it, especially in time of War. Such a Canal would in fact cut the I (land across, and aff ord a more effectual way of escaping the Enemy’s Cruizers than any hitherto devised, as Ships from the West Indies and America would make the land to the Northward, and passing through the Canal, arrive at London with little or no risque of capture, thereby avoiding the great danger of running the gauntlet in the British Channel. The Ships from London to Greenland and Hudson’s Bay would likewise, by the Canal, avoid the delay they often experience in getting to the Westward, as would also the Greenland Ships from Hull, Whitby, Lynn, Sunderland, and Newcastle.

The Canal would also afford great facility to the Ships^of Liverpool, &c. going to and from the Baltic, Hamburg, &c. and save them the dangerous Navigation of the Pentland Firth, or of going round the Orkney Islands. Ships of burthen reaping these great advantages could afford to pay for them, but the Coasting Vessels could bear only a small charge. In short it appears te me, that unless the advantages to be derived from such a Canal could be deemed entirely National, so as the Dues to be collected would not exceed the expence of uphold-

6.—Queries by James Hadden, Esquire, Lord Provost of Aberdeen; and Answers thereto, by the Sliipmaster Society of Aberdeen.

iff. Is the Navigation along the The Navigation through the Pentland Firth, and the Northern Pentland Firth, and along the Base of Scotland, by Cape Wrath, Northern Base of Scotland, by reckoned tedious and dangerousr, Cape Wrath, is at all times dan-as it regards the passage of Vessels gcrous, and extremely so in Wintrading with the Northern parts ter, of which the frequent lofies of Europe, from Bristol, Liverpool, of Ships and the Crews furnish the Clyde, and Ireland, as also be- too many melancholy proofs, twixt the Eallern Coall of Great Britain and the West Indies and North America, both in times of Peace and War?

2d. Does the Valley, which The members of this Society pafies through the North of Scot- are not acquainted with the situa-land, from the Murray Firth on tion and nature of the Land the East to Loch Eil and Loch betwixt the Lochs—But,

Lenlie on the Weft, appear to be well calculated for an Inland Navigation, if formed of a size fufti-cient to admit of large trading Vessels and Frigates ? And,

3d. Would this Navigation, by If the execution of a Canal of opening a safe and ready commu- the size mentioned in Q. 2d. is nication from one side of the I (land practicable, it would undoubtedly to the other, prove the means of prove a work of great National promoting the extension of the benefit, and be the means of Fisheries, and of throwing the in- adding much to the interests of dustry, intelligence, and capital of the commercial part of the Em-the Fiftiers, who reside upon the pire, by affording an easy com-East Coast, upon the extensive munication to the Fishers on the Fishing-grounds along the Weft East Coast, with the Fishing-Coasts? grounds on the Weft, and safe

passage at all times betwixt the Atlantic and German Oceans, to the numerous and valuable Ships passing at present through the Pentland

43 Geo. III. Appendix; 1013

t?

if

t

j

J-

rj

rj

p

it

it

it

Pentland Firth and Orkneys, to

4th. Will the Murray Firth ad-init of Vessels beating against unfavourable winds, whether passing lip towards Fort George, or from it?

In what time may a common trading Vessel perform this in ordinary weather, and how would the prevailing winds suit the sea-frns when Vessels uiualLy pass to fluid from the Northern parts of Europe

5 th. Upon the whole, would this Pafliige, if formed upon the scale above-mentioned, be an important improvement, as it regards the Commercial interests of the Empire, and the extension of the Fisheries?

The members of the Society cannot help remarking, That the fine hpening between Kinnaird’s and Dungebay Heads, leading into the pro poled Canal, could at all times be ealilymade and entered; and that Cromarty Firth, which Ships might afterwards run to, is capable of affording them, even in the most tempeltuous weather, complete safety fcndihelter; that by avoiding the Navigation through the Orkneys or Pentland Firth (the dangers of which they have almost individually texpcrienced) the safety of Property amazingly great, and the Lives of many deserving and most valuable Men, would be promoted and secured in a high degree.

Aberdeen, 14th October 1S02.

Signed in name, and by appointment of the Society,

]>v (Signed) James Gibbon, Prefes.

and from the East and West Coast of Great Britain, Ireland, West Indies, North America, the Northern parts of the Continent of Europe, &c. &c*

It will#

Their time of passage will entirely depend on the 'wind and weather; the prevailing winds would at all seasons answer very well for Vessels passing by the intended Navigation.

It dp pears to the Members of this Society, that it undoubtedly would.

7.—A Letter from James Arbuthnot, junior.

Peterhead, 5 October 180*2.

Dear Sir,

I have your esteemed favour of the :y.h nit. and loft no time in looking about for the information you defir^a mpeding the adjutages that wfiil most certainly accrue to the Trade o.nci Navigation of this Country, from the grand and very uieiul Canal in contemplation to be shade from the Murray Firth to the Weft of Scot, and. Every incel-ligent person^here concerned in Trade and Shipping are foil of its incalculable value, to the safe and speedy Navigation of the Nation at large, as well as particularly so to this quarter of the Kingdom, and gladly contributes his mite of communication upon the miereiting subject. As they contain the fuhftance of the general opinion, I shall quote the sentiments of two of our bell informed Men of Trade upon the advantages of the Canal in question; which those Gentlemen were ib obliging as to set down in writing.

The one writes thus:

ift. The Navigation from the East to West Coasts of Scotland, England, and to Ireland, and back from thence, is both tedious and often dangerous; if the winds prevail anyway from S. to N. in a Vefterly direction, no Vessel can get further than Orkney, and from S. to N. in an Easterly direction, they cannot get from the Westward. It is also dangerous by there being no Harbour or place of safety for Vessels betwixt Orkney and Cape Wrath, except Scrabfton ltoad and Loch Erribol; and many Ships are wrecked, and the Crews loft on the North Coast of Caithness and Sutherland in Winter. Could a Canal be made to admit Vessels of 3 to 500 tons from the head of the Moray Firth to the West Coast, it would completely obviate these delays and dangers.

2d. The direction for such a Canal as is proposed could not probably be in any other than Lochness, and from thence to Loch Eil; and from the succession of Lochs that are already navigable in that direction, less expence must be occasioned than having it anywhere file.

3d. A Navigation in this direction must be of prodigious benefit, not to tke Fisheries only, but to the Trade of the Kingdom in general; and in a more particular manner, it must he of the bighell conference to the internal improvement of all that part of the Highlands; and its influence in every respect must extend far and wide over that Country; it will probably occasion the erection of Towns*and Villages, both for the extension of the Fisheries and Commerce in general; and improvements in Agriculture will loon become rapid and great; and Emigration to America, if such a Canal as is proposed takes place, would loon entirely cease and be forgot.

Vox# 58,

4th. It is not very easy for loaded Vessels to beat up the Moray Firth against unfavourable winds; on the South fide there are little tides below Burghead and Tarhit Nefs; above that the tides become regular; and all along the North fide the tides are regular; and vessels, by managing these with judgment, can beat up, if the wind is not very violent, in the course of three or four days from this place. In Autumn, winds in this country prevail much from the Western quarter; and this makes it difficult to get up the Moray Firth, or farther than Orkney. It is very easy (unless it blows so as Ships cannot carry fail) to beat down the Moray Firth, as after passing Burghead, any tide there is generally sets down on the South fide; a Vessel will beat down the Firth in two days, or two days and a half.

The other Gentleman writes thus:

The advantages arising from the Caledonian Canal, to Ships bound to the Westward, would be many; with the winds from S. W. being off Kinnaird's Head, a Ship would fail Tarbit Nefs, which is within 15 miles of Cromarty; as the tides are regular on the Caithness fide. Ships would in one tide get to Cromarty; as also with lire winds from N. W. to N. N. E. Ships off the Muijay Firth, or in Orkney, would suit the East end of the Canal, and with these winds they could not get to the Westward from Orkney; at which place it often happens in the fall of the year, when the westerly winds blow', that Ships lay five and six weeks; often Ships are put to Cromarty with gales of wind from the East, and, if the wind continues to blow from that quarter, they could not ealily get down; hut if there was a Canal, they could easily make their voyage. Also, in failing to the Eastward by the Canal, there would be many advantages; Ships from most places on the Coast of Ireland, with the wand from N.W, would suit the Weft end of the Canal; and as the distance from the Sound of Mull to Cape Wrath is above 60 leagues. Ships from the Weft of England and Ireland for the Eafhvard would save a great deal of time if the winds were blowing from the North; as it is very difficult with that wind to make a passage to Cape Wrath.

I shall be happy if these observations afford you any additional light on this subject; and it will always give me very sincere pleasure to yield you every service that may anyway lay in my power.

Being very truly, with much regard,

Dear Sir,

Your very humble Servant,

Ja* Arbuthtiot, junior*

Appendix, No. 3.

The Examination of Mr. John Rennie, Civil Engineer.

Have you been much employed in different works of Inland Navigation?—Yes.

Name a few.—The Lancaster Canal; the Kennet and Avon; the Rochdale; Ulverfton in the Bay of Lancaster; the Crinan; and another at Grimsby in Lincolnshire, for large Vessels of seven hundred tons burthen, loaded; and the London Docks. I knew a Ship of a thousand tons burthen enter Grimlhy Haven; *lhe was a Foreign Ship; but I don't know whether flie was laden or not.

Of what length is the Grim/hy Canal?—About one mile and a half; the Ulverfton about the fame length; the Crinan about nine miles.

Are you of opinion that the Navigation of a Canal can be mader safe and convenient for Ships of considerable burthen?—I am.

Do you apprehend any material accidents are often likely to happen, either in passing through Locks, or in tracking a Ship along a Canal against a moderate hut contrary wind?—If the Canal is of a sufficient capacity, and the Locks properly confiruded, I am of opinion, that a Vessel tracking against a moderate but contrary wind, would he little liable to accidents, so much so, that I scarcely think the chance of accident worth consideration.

Do you apprehend any danger could arise from the velocity a Ship mkht acquire in case the wind was favourable, either supposing he# under fail, or to be tracked by horses?—I apprehend Ships will never use their fails unless in very moderate winds indeed, and in such case, they would always take in their fails before they come up to the Lock; and it would be the business of those who manage them, to check the velocity by throwing out ropes to proper Mooring-posts fixed to the fides of the Canal by the entrance to the Lock.

You mean to lay, that by proper caution no accident will happen?

__With proper caution no accident need to happen; but I have some-

times known accidents happen on Vessels going into a Lock. I recoiled two instances, one on the Forth and Clyde Canal, when a Vessel was coming from the Westward; her velocity had not been checked in time, flie carried away the Gales of the Lock, and went down into the second Level; a fiinilarone happened in the Crinan Canal,

Do you take those accidents to have been unavoidable, or to have-arisen from the inattention or mismanagernent of persons employed? —1 believe from inattention and miftnanagement of the perfoss employed, j

Append .(No. 5' 14* Jun

continuei

Mr. Punnie

1014

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ipptndix, No. 52.)

14* Jun

continued.

Ir. Jejjopk

Do you mean to apply these observations to large Ships of 500 tons burthen or upwards, as well as to small Vessels?—I should think the danger or accidents of that fort would be greater with large Vessels than small.

Do you think that the danger, although greater, might be avoided with proper care?—I believe it might.

Do you believe that the Navigation of an Inland Lake, where there is a sufficient depth of water, would be safe for Ships of burthen ?—I am not sufficiently acquainted with that part of the subject to give that kind of answer I could wish.

Are you acquainted with that part of the Highlands of Scotland which extends from Fort William to Inverness ?—I passed through that Valley about ten years ago, but I did not enter into such an Examination as a person ought to do who is to lay down a line of Navigation in it.

Did you, in passing through that Country, observe any particular tircumitunce, either favourable for the formation of a navigable Canal, or particularly adverse ?—It seemed to me that the ground in the Valley lies in such a manner that navigable Cuts might be made between the different Lakes into the Sea at each end.

Car you, from your general knowledge of the 1‘uhjed, and your observatiom on that part of the Country, form any judgment of the expence at which such a Canal would be made, supposing it to be made navigable for Ships and Vessels drawing twenty feet water?—If the depLh of water in the Canal is suppoied to be twenty feet, and the width sufficient for two large Vessels to pass, taking the rile and fall of the Canal at 200 feet, and 25 Locks of eight feet rife, I am of opinion such a Cana?, with the necessary works, such as Harbours, Basons, Jetties, &c. with the communication at the entrance of each of the Canals into the Locks, would cod from 6 to £.700,000 at lead. I calculate the Locks at £.14,000 each: At this rate 25 Locks will amount to £.350,000. My reason for that opinion is, that a Lock of large dimensions at Grimsby in Lincolnshire, where the materials were remarkably cheap, exclusive of the extra expence of its foundation, cod £. 14,000, over and above the expence of piling a bad foundation *.

Do you apprehend it would be necessary to line the Locks with brick or done in such 1 Canal as we are speaking of?—I apprehend it is necessary, and doo* being cheaper in that country than brick, should be preferred.

At how much per mill do you edimate the other expences of the Canal, besides the Locks?—Without making a particular survey, I Cannot give an accurate answer; but taking in the other Works re-quisite, besides the Locks for the Canal, I think it would cod the sum 1 have before mentioned.

What is the depth of water in the Canal of Great G rimfby ?— Twenty feet. The width of the Lock was 36 feet at the surface of the water; the length, I think, was 146, and the height of the wall about 26 or 27 feet; but where Vessels are to go from a lower to a higher level, it would, m a Lock of that dimension, require 10 or 12 feet more in length.

Supposing the depth of water required to be 13 feet, can you form ■any guess of what would be the expence of the Navigation between Fort William and Inverness ?—I cannot pretend to form an accurate judgment, but I apprehend about £.300,000.

What tonnage of Vessels would pass in such a Canal?—From about •00 to 250 tons burthen; but when I say this I mean dead weight, and Qot Builders measurement.

Appendix, No. 4.

The Examination of Mr. William Jessop, Civil Engineer.

Have you been employed in different Works of Inland Navigation?—I have*

Name a few.—The Grand Canal in Ireland, the Grand Junction Canal in England, and many others of less description. In the Docks also at Dublin, and the West India Docks in London.

What is the depth of water in the Grand Canal in Ireland?—Six

feet.

What is the greatest depth of water of any Navigation in which you have been concerned?—The greatest depth of water is in the Canal at the Isle of Dogs, 24 feet of water.

Are you of opinion, that the Navigation of a Canal can be made safe and convenient for Ships of considerable burthen ?—-I am.

Do you apprehend any material accidents are often likely to happen, either in passing through Locks, or in tracking a Ship along a Canal against a moderate but contrary wind?—They will not frequently happen. In smaller Canals only two or three instances have come to my knowledge in the whole course of my life, and those have always happened from carelessness.

Do you apprehend any danger could arise from the velocity a Ship might acquire in case the wind was favourable, either supposing her

under fail, or to be tracked by horses?—If the people are careful-there is no danger likely to happen from the velocity, taking for granted that they will do what they ought to do, to flop their way by Lines and Mooring Polls.

Do you mean to apply these observations to large Ships of 500 tons burthen or upwards, as well as to small Vessels?-—I do.

Do you believe that the Navigation of an Inland Lake, where there is a sufficient depth of water, would be safe for Ships of burthen ?—So far as my knowledge enables me to judge, I should think they would.

Are you acquainted with that part of the Highlands of Scotland which extends from Fort William to Inverness?—-1 have never teen that part of Scotland.

Can you, from yoUr general knowledge of the subject, and the In-speftion of the Plans and Report before the Committee, form any Judgment of the expence at which such a Canal could be made, sup-posing it to be made navigable lor Vessels drawing 18 feet water?—. Under the favourable cireumff ances of ground tolerably even, and the foil moderately good, I should suppose it might cod about £.22,000 a mile, including the Locks, Bridges, and Canal, and other necessary works, but making no allowance for any extra works. I am also supposing that you have the opportunity of chusing your ground, so that with about 15 feet cutting you may make Banks that will retain 20 feet water.

What length of time do you think it would take for Vessels to pass through the Canal and Lakes, as described on the Plan, supposing they had 25 Locks to pass through, and the weather was moderate ? —I think through the Canal and Locks they might pass by tracking with hoifes at the rate of a mile an hour, exclusive of six hours of passing the Locks; the Navigation of the Lakes mult depend entirely upon the winds.

What is the ordinary draught of water of West India Ships, and those employed in the Baltic Trade?—Of West India Ships the ordinary draught is from 16 to 18 feet, buk the Baltic Ships I am not acquainted with.

Supposing the depth of water required in the Canal not to exceed 13 leet, what do you apprehend would be the expence of executing it? —I should conceive it would be about half as much as the one already spoken of.

Can you enable the Committee to form an opinion as to the probable expence of the intended Canal, supposing the depth of water to be only eight feet?—A bout 6 or £.7,000 per mile; but I cannot form any accurate judgment, not having seen the Country.

Sir,

In giving my opinion as to the probability of executing a Canal as it was described to me, and under the supposition that there would be no impediments that could incur extraordinary expences, I estimated that it would cost £.22,000 per mile; in this expence I supposed that the Locks, at an average, would coll £. 10,000 each.

I believe in this Estimate that I have made considerable allowance for casualties which may possibly not occur, and if they do not, the Locks will be done for less than I# have supposed, but you having seen the ground can better appreciate the probability of these casualties than I can*

I am, Sir,

Your moil obedient,

June 8, 1803. W.JeJj'of.

Tho. Telford, Esq.

Appendix, No. 5.

The Examination of General Davies, of the Royal Artillery.

Have you, in the course of your Military Service, had frequent Q(n pmul opportunities of becoming acquainted with the Navigation of large Inland Lakes and pieces of Water?—I have.

On what occasions ?—Both in proceeding with the Troops in His Majest^s Service, and in circumnavigating those Lakes.

What Lakes have you frequently surveyed?—Lake^Ontano, Lake George, Lake Champlain, and the Oaniada Lake, besides many smaller Lakes of 12, 14, or 16 miles wide.

During what length of time were you employed upon or about these Lakes?—From first to last about 23 years.

Is the depth of water in them considerable ?—That depends upon the size of the Lake, and the situation in which they (land in the Country. Those that are surrounded with Hills and rocky Country, in general have great depth of water. Those that are in more level Lands are more (hallow.

Are the Lakes you have mentioned generally surrounded by high Mountains?—Those Lakes that are situated between flie United States and Canada are in general mountainous; those in the interior of the Country, the Lands are generally low.

The Bricks of this Lock coil 18 s. 6d. per thousand, delivered; the front Stone coll 8 d. per cubic foot*

Did

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;.

iois

.j

j

Did you find the Lakes which were furroucided by Mountains subject to iudden and violent gults of wind ?—Particularly so, and very subject to confiant thunder and ghtning.

Have frequent accidents happened by those squalls to Vessels navigating Lakes?—Very seldom. We were all so much upon our guard, that we ieldom (offered ourtyves to be taken by surprize.

Do you apprehend, with proper vigilance, a Ship may be generally secure from danger?—That will depend a great deal upon the bottom, whether it is good ground or not.

Do you not apprehend the principal danger of navigating an Inland Lake to arise from a rocky bottom, and want of shelter and anchorage?—Certainly; but where moderate depth of anchorage can be obtained, and frequent, there can be no danger of accident.

In what fort of Vessels have you navigated in the Lakes in America? —In Canoes aneUVessels of several forts, besides a arge flat-bottomed lladeaux, buiLt on Lake Champlain, carrying 1,100 tons burthen, which drew only 3 feet and an half water, and when empty only 18 inches.

Having consulted the Accounts of Soundings of Loch Nefs, and bjbferving thfe diipthfions and form of it on the Plans, do you think it tan be navigated with fafetv by any description of Vessels?—I think lately by Vessels of Any common construction.

Do you conceive Ships may be safely tracked along shore ?—It depends a good deal on the nature of the Coast. If the (horse is rtraight, the difficulty is trifling, but where it is indented there is a good deal of trouble and difficulty; for if the Bays or Indentations, that is, such as run any distance back in the Lands, are deep, it is almost impossible.

Which do you consider the safest and most Convenient mode of tracking a Veil'd along a Lake, by Horses, or any other way?— Where the nature of the Coast will permit, I should conceive Horses most expeditious; but in such waters as are (unrounded with high Lands, and not of any g^t extent in width, so as to allow a Veil'd to turn to windward, on account of the difficulty of tracking by Horses, I should recommend large Anchors, with sufficient Buoys and Rings, which m.ght be used with great advantage in 'towing them on by. I should particularly recommend this method in Loch Oich.

Have any observations occurred to you upon the inspection of the Plan, which you would wiih to ltate to the Committee?—No; except it will require confide ralle caution as to the quantity of fail the Vessels are to carry in navigating the Lakes, so as not to give them too much celerity when they approach the Canals.

In case of any ludden lqual*, is there more danger in a small Veil'd than a large one?—They are much more liable to feel the effect of sudden squalls from the hills, the larger they are; by their rigging being so much loftier, they are very apt to carry away their tipper malls.

Are large Vessels more liable to founder in those sudden squalls than ftfialFones?—No; small Vessels are more liable to be upi'et* or carry all away.

J

J

J

■JSI

Appendix, No. 6*

The Examination of Captain Huddakt, an Elder Brother of the Trinity House, been long used to the Sea.

Huiddtf* Have you been ever employed in thaking a Survey of any part of the Coart of Scotland?♦! was employed by the British Society of Fisheries,

How long was you employed upon that subject ?—About four months on the Wert Coart.

Are you, in consequence of that employment, intimately acquainted with the Navigation upon that Coart?—I am acquainted with the Navigation, round the Long Island, and the Weftem Coast of Scotland.

Are you acquainted with the Navigation of the North of Scotland by the Pentland Firth?—I have never failed further to the North than Cape Wrath.

Do you know, from your general knowledge of that Coart, or from information you can depend upon, whether that is a safe or easy Navigation or the contrary ?—I believe it is a dangerous Navigation at strong tides, but the danger is not extensive.

Do you know of any Harbour upon that Coart, in which Ships can take flielter in bad weathei ?—I am not acquainted with any Harbour, not having been on that Coast f I believe there are many good Harbours in the Orkneys.

Arc you acqueinted with the length of time which it requires, at the different feaibns of the year, to pal's through Pentland Firth from the Ealt or Welt Coast of Scotland to the opposite?—It is veiy uncertain, but with a I At wind, it c .11 only he a few hours fail from Cape Wrath to the Sound.

Do you consider any particular part of that Navigation dangerous? -—No, not with commar Ang breezes.

Are you acquainted with the interior of the Country, between the Linnhe Loch on the Wert Coast and the Hurray Firth on the East) «—I am not.

Are you of opinion that the Navigation of Lakes, such as appear upon the Map of that part of the Country, would be fe fe or dangerous for Ships of burthen, supposing them to be made accessible, and have a sufficient depth of water?—1 think there would be danger from the deep water In Loch Nefs, and rocky ground, which will make-it dangerous in letting go an anchor in case, of a flaw of wind.

What depth of water flioulq you conffdor sufficient to occasion danger ?— 1 hut depends upon the distance from the ffiorc, and the quality of the ground; suppose the depth was one hundred fathoms at half a miie from the (bore, or from any Rock, a Vessel anchoring at such a distance may be got under way.

Supposing the depth, within one quarter of a tnile of the shore, not to exceed twenty or thirty fathoms, do you conceive it will greatly diminifti the danger?— Yes, it would be very safe to bring a Ship up, provided her bottom is clean.

Would not the danger be greatly diminiftied, if there was good anchoring ground in many places?—Yes.

Have you navigated Loch Fine, Loch Long, or other deep Inlets upon the West Coast of Scotland ?—I have.

Is the Navigation of those Inlets hearly the same as that of an Inland Lake would bo?—I believe they may, except what arise from the height of Land, or the Tides.

Are the Inlets mentioned surrounded by high Mountains?—Hills, but not high Mountains; the upper part of the Loch is pretty high.

Do you believe those Inlets to be upon the whole a dangerous Nar vfgation ?—They would be for large Vessels, but small Vessels navigate them very safely.

Can large Vessels navigate the upper part of the Firth of Clyd* with safely?—The whole of the Clyde is a very safe Navigations* far as Greenock.

Do you consider it subject to sudden guffs of wind from Hills?—I consider it so in some measure.

Do you think it nearly as much so as the other Inlets which have been mentioned?—I apprehend it may; it requires considerable residence upon the spot to determine accurately.

Do you conceive that Vessels of burthen could work to windward in Lakes of the length and breadth of Loch Nefs?—Yes, I do.

Within what time, supposing the wind to be moderate, but contrary, and the Lake twenty-two miles long ?—That very much depends upon the construction of the Vessels; but square-rigged Merchant Vessels in general, about seven or eight miles in twelve hours; probably it might be thought dangerous to na- igate in dark nights.

Do you conceive that Vessels of burthen could be tracked by Horses against contrary winds with safety in such a piece of water as Loch Neis?—I conceive they could not if it blew strong.

Could it be done in a calm, or moderate winds ?—Yes, I think it may.

Are you acquainted with the prevailing winds in that part of tbs Country?—Iam not particularly acquainted with them.

Do you conceive a Vessel in danger of foundering by a sudden gust of wind?—Certainly not, but (lie might carry away her mart.

In a hundred fathom water, supposing a Vessel to be taken by a sudden flaw of wind, and be under the necessity of letting go her anchor, what is the lead distance you could hope of bringing her up?—^ From the length of Cable neceflkry, supposing the Anchor to hold, (ha ought to have a quarter of a mile.

Are you acquainted with the Navigation of Ships coming from the Baltic by Duncan’s Bay Head, through the Pentland Firth ?-*-I am not.

Do you conceive that Vessels of burthen can with safety be tracked by Horses along a Canal ?—I think the danger and difficulty depend upon the size of the Vessel.

What lize do you consider as too large to be convenient to track ? —It is impossible to say what size is too large, because any Vessel may be tracked in a calm; but the danger from contrary wind increaseg very much in proportion to the size of the Vessel.

Supposing a Navigation completed in the proposed line for Ships drawing 20 feet of water, would it not be attended with great advantage to the trade of the Country in time of Peace or War?—I do not think that any material advantage to the Country would be derived from large Ships, either Merchantmen or Ships of War, i« time of Peace. In time of War, Merchant Ships would be excluded from the danger of being attacked by. the Enemy’s Cruisers, in their passage from Fort George to Fort William by the Inland Navigation, while they would be exposed to danger in going round, and therefore it would be advantageous or greater security to the trade by the Inland Navigation.

In time of Peace, we can only draw a fair conclusion, by contrafting the time, expences, and probable damages by the Inland Naviga^ tion, with that in failing round by Pentland Firth; and in taking this into consideration, I have only a rough outline to go upon, having never been in any part of this Inland Navigation; and therefore I wish it to be understood, that my Remarks are from what occurs to me from the general practice in Navigation, and coaffned to Ships of burthen*

In

e

Append! (No. 52;

14* Juni

co*tin%H

1

appendix, (No. 52.) 14’ Ju continued.

1016 Appendix* A. 1803.

In taking a view of the trading Ports in the Northern parts of Europe, I conclude that Norway may be excluded, as very little could be saved in dillance, to the Wetlern Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland;

Ships from the Cadegate would have more; but the greatest advantage, in point of dillance would be from the Elbe, the United Provinces, and the Eastern Coast of England and Scotland; bound to the Clyde, or the Northern Ports in St. George's Channel, or the contrary by the Inland Navigation.

The trade to America from the German Ocean, whether from the Continent or East Coast of Britain, may often prefer the British Channel; but a Ship intending to go North about, being without or to the Eastward of the heads of the Firth of Murray, would find it more eligible to go round, than by the Inland Navigation, as (lie would looner get clear of the Land, an object always very deferable to the Navigator; and the Lighthouses on Pentland Skerries afford great accommodation to the Mariner, in safely passing the Firth with a commanding breeze by night; her distance would not be increased by fleering to the N.W. for Pentland Firth; for, though Hie would go a few leagues to the Northward, she would afterwards in fleering to the Westward, cross the Meridians quicker, the degree of longitude being less, which would be a compensation. And Ships from America, for the same reason, would shorten their distance, by keeping in the higher latitude of Pentland Firth, than in making the Coast of Ireland, or failing to the Southward of Barrow Head, for this Inland Navigation.

The trade from London to St. George's Channel prefer failing round the Land's End; therefore in those inllances, it is my opinion, that no benefit can be expected to arise from the Inland Navigation.

1 shall now contrail the two passages, by supposing a Ship off Peter Head, or Kinnaird's Head, bound to the Clyde, or St. George's Channel, and mull pals the Mull of Cantire. The distance from Kinnaird’s Head (where the Piiot must determine, and direct a course accordingly) to Inverness, or to Pentland Skerries, are nearly the fame, about *24 leagues, therefore allowed to be equal, in point of time end risque, from the danger of the Seas.

The oliip being arrived at Inverness, some time ought to be allowed for dei-. ntion in procuring a Pilot, hoifcs for tracking, finders, Hoppers, or short pieces of Cables, of a large size, to secure the Ship in the Locks (as they ought not to cut or injure their proper Cables); an addition to the rudder, for Ships will not fleer well when near the ground with their common rudders; hence Vessels frequenting the grand Canal (from Clyde to Forth) have generally an additional part fitted, and ready to apply to the back of the rudder to increase its breadth, or deals may be nailed to each side of the rudder, pointing diagonally into the water; and at best, Ships are often too long in yuilwering their helm, especially when near the fide of the Canal, in passing each other (occasioned by the various motion given to the £uid) and often subject to run foul, and do considerable damage to each other, which by the increased size of the Ships, will be augmented in the ratio of the weight of the Vessels, multiplied into the sum of their velocities with which they meet, and therefore £n extraordinary width should be given to those Canals intended for large Ships.

I shall now suppose that the Ship has entered the bason of the Canal, with the moll favourable weather, viz. calm, or light breezes of fair winds, and that in the course of one day, (he arrives at the entrance of Loch Nefs, where the next morning, with the fame favourable breeze, (lie sets her fails in the Loch, and proceeds to the South-weft ward, and in five or six hours arrives near the other end, where ihe must bring up with an anchor, furl her fails, and again prepare for the Canal, which may probably take a great part of the remainder of the fecund day; but, if calm, would take this day to trad the length of Loch Nefs. The Ship has now two more Canals, and two more Lochs to pass, which, in my opinion, cannot well be performed in two days more; and if the whole is performed in five days from anchoring at Inverness to her failing from Fort William, will be as short a period as can well be expected, as the passage from Loch6 to Canals must render, it more tedious than a continued Line of Canal.

The distance from Fort William to the Mull of Cantire (where the two different passages coincide) by the inner Sounds, or Sound of Ifia, is about 33 leagues, but to the Westward of Ida, about 40 leagues; for which we mull allow one day more, or six days from her arrival at Inverness to the Mull of CaMire.

The passage from Pentland Skerries, round* Cape Wrath to the Mull of Cantire, a distance of about 10a leagues, may be effected in about four days, in the fame light winds and weather; but supposing •it the calmed weather that we experience in those Seas, an average . distance of 20 leagues in 24 hours, for five days together, may be reasonably expected from Land and Sea-breezes, and variable flaws of wind, therefore a saving by this passage in point of time, compared with the Inland Navigation.

* If the winds are (uppefed contrary, or from the S. W, the detention by the Lochs seem to be fully equal to the detention by \he outward passage, and the fame inferences may be allowed to lahe place, if

bound to the Eastward, from Cantire to Peter Head, with light winds and calms; but if the winds are favourable, with a fresh breeze at W.S.W. or S.W. which are prevailing winds, a Ship failing at the rate of 5k. 2f. would, in three days, fail from the Mull of Cantire to Kinnaird’s Head, ;a dillance of about 126 leagues, or in half the time Hie would be in failing by the Inland Navigation; and the fame difference may be expected in failing to the Westward, with opposite winds.

The distance by the Lochs from Kinnaird's Head to the Mull of Cantire, I estimate at 77 leagues, and the difference, or saving in distance, is about 49 leagues.

Ilefpeding the damage or Losses that Ships may be liable to, it is 4 very uncertain conclusion that can be drawn between the risques on those different passages; it may be a total loss to Ship and Cargo, and fatal to the Crew, by the outer passage; but I can scarcely think it probable, though possible, that Ships may bulge themselveS against the Rocks, and go down in deep water. However, it is my opinion that they will be much more liable to partial damages to both hull and materials, by working in narrow Lochs, with rocky (bores, anchoring upon rocky ground, and injuring the Cables, the preservation of which is of the greatest consequence to the safety of the lives and property on board, and in the aggregate, may be equal to the less frequent, but heavier Losses, in failing round Cape Wrath.

I am therefore of opinion, that if any Master should take his VessiJ* of 400 tons, through those Lochs and Canals, supposing them com* pleted, that he would not be desirous of repeating it; and that this Navigation, for the above reasons, would not be much used by such Ships, if free of any Tax or Duty, therefore would not be attended with great advantage, in time of peace, to the trade of the country.

The Examination of Captain Fraser, an Elder Brother of the Trinity House.

Being asked the fame Queries which were put to Captain Huddart, he said, That he had no local knowledge respecting that part of the Country; but that having heard Captain Iiuddart's Answers, he perfectly agreed with him upon the general points of Navigation. 4

Appendix, No. 7.

The Examination of Captain Mark Gwynn, of the Government Galley that navigates on Loch Nefs.

I was bred to the Sea; my Father, at an early age, taught me Capt, G» Navigation, and to hand, reef, and lleer, on Loch Nefs; after which I served for four years as Midshipman in the Navy on board His Mar jesty's Bomb Furnace, Ships Mercury of 20, and Hampton Court of 64 guns; during which time I was constantly in actual Service in the Channel, Coasts of France and Ireland, North Seas and Baltic,

North America, West Indies, and was present at the reduction of tb* Havanna.

I have commanded the Government Galley upon Loch Nelk nearly 37 years, and succeeded my Brother and Father in that charge, which they also held for 39 years. The Galley (a draft of which you have on the table) measures 37 A tons, and is Cutter-rigged.

In the course of the above-mentioned 76 years, there has been fix successive ones, all of which, the present one excepted, has been fairly worn out, and not one loft, or a mail, boom, or bowsprit carried away or sprung. ' '

I have never been driven on (bore by force of wind or weather; but have frequently been on (here in calms, or in light winds, by missing Stays; and as the swell always fell with the wind, there was no danger or difficulty in getting off again; it likuwife sometime* happened in tracking along shore, owing to the rugged and uneven beaches which still remain in a (late of nature; but, it a tracking road was made above high water-mark, I am convinced that in calms and light winds it would greatly accelerate the passage of Ships through the Lakes.

With respect to the squalls on Loch Nefs, they sometimes come with considerable force from the Glens and Gullies, chiefly on the North fide; and as these places are known, and the wind blackens the surface of the water as it comes on, it may easily be perceived w time to prevent any bad consequences, and there will be nothing more to do than to lower the topsails or top-gallant-ftiils if set, and to hoist them again immediately when the squall blows over, which it quickly will do, and it will not in the lead retard the Ship s way.

The I^och lies about N. E. by E. and S.W. by W. is about 22 miles in length, and from 1 to 2 J in breadth; its extreme depth is 135 fathoms. In thie middle it is generally from 70 to 100, about half way from the niiddle to the shore, 30 to 35; thence to the shore in general, 15 to 20; with a fine bottom of mud or clay, and no Rocks, except what are very near the shore, and most part ip fight.

There axe fix anchorages on the North fide, and three besides the Creek called the Horse Shoe, on the South fide, at which I wou proposit, instead of the Ships letting go their own Anchors, Mooring Chains with Buoys should be placed* to which they might fend

-!——

Googt

j

»Y

'J

: J

\i

i?

43 Geo. IIL Appendixi 1017

Boat a-head, with a Stream or Bower Cable if it blew fresh; from which they could again make fail if turning to windward, without drifting to leeward, which, from the great depth in which they would sometimes be obliged to anchoi*, suppose 15 or 20 fathoms, in order to clear the shore, owing to the banks Hoping down so suddenly, it would be difficult, especially if it blew fresh, to let the anchor go in its proper place.

The Mooring Chains might be placed much hfearer the shore, as from their conitruction and security, the Ship might ride out a gale of wind almost right up and down; whereas by her Anchor she might be obliged to veer away the moil of her Cable; and in the event of the wind (hitting suddenly on shore, which it sometimes does, she might get on ground a-item, before she could have time to heave a-head by the Cable.

Besides the anchoring places marked in the Char*, I would also propose that there should be a Mooring Chain placed at each end of the Lakes, as also at each end of the Canals entering to the Eastward, at the ferry of Ke.Tock, and to the Welhvard near Fort William, in Lochiel, at a Cable’s length from the entry into the Canals; by which, if the wind was contrary, they might warp a-head and make fail from. And as the distance from the anchorage in Urquhart Bay to Dole’s Bay, being about 6 miles, is too great, in cule of Ships being becalmed or benighted betwixt them, I would place another Mooring at halfway betwixt them, on the South tide of the Loch, it being better sheltered from both Fall and Welt wind. There is no doubt but providing fu many Mooring Chains will be attended with expence, but it will only be the fu ll cost, as from a particular quality in the water of Loch Nefs which preserves Iron, they would la(l for ages; a proof of which is, that the Bolls, Nails, and other Iron Work in the present Galley, have been used and drawn from all the preceding ones, and have still preserved the mark of the hammer.

The prevailing winds are from the middle of March to the middle of September Latterly, and Welierly in general for the rest of the year; and though the winds are from the Noithward and Southward at no great distance from the Lochs, in them it is almost always ltraight up or down, owing to the great height of the hills on each lide, which coniine it as it were in a funnel.

From my knowledge of Loch Nefs, I have not a doubt that Ships of the greatclt burthen may navigate it with safety; it mav, however, at times blow lo hard as to prevent their working to windward, and even getting in to the intermediate anchorages marked in the Chart. And in that event they have no alternative but bearing awray before the wind to the Leo end, where they may lie in great safety until the gale abates, when they may get under way and work it up again, for which there i? good room, and a bold (bore.

I think that a good tailing Ship may make the passage before the wind in leis iLaa 3 hours if it blo^s fresh, and in 5 if moderate; and that :be may also work it up against the wind in from 24 to 36 hours, which however will depend on the wind and her going.

I know Loch Oich, and have founded it, and found, as marked on the Coa t, from one to twenty fathoms; the former of which being far short the depth required, Mr. Telford proposes deepening it, if practicable, and if not, to dam it up at the Fa ft: end to the height required. It is about 4 miles ir. length, and in general, though in feme parts much less, from i to J of a mile in breadth.

It is too narrow to fail (particularly against the wind) except for nbout 1 mile. I will therefore propose that the Ships may he tracked all the way through it, as the taking oft* and patting to the horses, together with the time that would he loft in setting and furling fails, would rather impede than forward the passage.

A11 d I would further propose, that a Tracking Road should be made on the South fide of the Loch, as the most convenient for that purpose.

We shall next proceed to Loch Lochv, winch is computed to he from 10 to 10 \ miles in length, and from 11 to 2 miles in breadth, which I founded agreeable to Mr. Telford’s directions, beginning at Letter Finlay Point, at which I found good Iheiter from the Weft wind, and safe anchorage, in from 7 to 12 fathoms; rowed out to the middle of the Loch, and found it gradually deepening to f>8 fathoms; steered away to the Eastward, directly in the middle, founding at every half mile; and found it, at the fn ft half mile, 42; at the second, 34;

' at the third, 26; fourth, 22; fifth, 20; and in that proportion, to the naiTow neck or entrance to the most commodious and safe Harbour in the Inland Navigation at the East end of the Loch, where I found from 4 to 10 fathoms, and sufficient room to hold from 30 to 40 Ships, completely land-locked from every point of the compass. From what I could judge of what I saw of the rest of this Loch, I have not a doubt but that it may be easily navigated; it has fine bold (bores and beaches, on which I think a 'fracking Road may be easily made, I would propose, that there should be a Mooring Buoy at each end of this Loch, and three others, one of which to be at Letter Finlay Point. A good-going Ship will run it from one end to the other in less than two hours, if moderate, before the wind, and will work it to windward in from 10 to 12 hours; and a heavy sailer in three hours before the wind, and from 15 to 18 hours against it. The fame

Voi.. 58.

winds prevail here as in Loch Nefs; and I would suppose, from the hills on each side running straight along, without Glens or Gullies to any extent, that squails from the North or South would be less frequent than on Loch Nefs.

With regard to your query, respecting the practicability and utility of the proposed Inland Navigation, I have not a doubt of either; being well allured that the carrying it into effect, as soon as it possibly can be done, will be the means of promoting Industry, Commerce, and Population, and enriching the Country in particular through which it pafles, and the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland in general; and on the contrary, that, if it does not, it will prove the ruin of the Highlands of Scotland, especially at this time, when the spirit of Emigration leans to have pervaded all ranks, and more especially the poorer class, who, though naturally strongly attached to their native Country, must leave it for want of the means of subsistence, unless Government furnishes it, which the employment in making the Central Roads and Bridges, Inland Navigation, &c. would effectually do.

When I left Fort Augustus on the 30th May, a Ship was to have failed from a Bay near Fort William with 250 Emigrants, chiefly from Urquhart and Strathglass, for Picton in Nova Scotia; I saw* them pal’s through the place, as also Mr. Mac Lean, the Supercargo; who informed me, that on the 10th of this month another Ship was to fail for the same place, both chartered by Major Frafer, of Pi&on; and that in the course of two or three weeks, three or four more were expected to fail for Quebec, with Emigrants for Upper Canada. Many of those poor People had been induced to suspend their determinations of going, in expectation of the Canal, Roads, and Bridges going on; and, knowing that I had been in correspondence with Mr. Teltord on the subject of founding the Lochs, &c. came in great numbers to me for information, which I always gave with encouragement to wait a little longer, as the business was of such importance that it could not be gone through so rapidly; with which they remained satisfied, and their drooping spirits were cheered beyond description when I communicated to them (which I loft no time in doing) that I had received your summons to attend the $elect Committee fitting on the Northern Survey, by which theyr were then allured, beyond a doubt, that Government were lerious in the business.

M ith regard to your query respecting my opinion as to the depth of water that there should be in the Canal, and whether I think, that one of 10 or 11 feet might answer the purpose, and lave a great expence thereby ?—1 am decidedly of opinion against a Canal of such description, as it would be doing nothing at all to have only one that w ould admit small Coalling Vessels; for it must be considered, though not generally known, that a proportion of about one foot in ten must be taken oft’from the water that the Vessel will draw, for this reason, that though she may float in very little more than her draught, yet flie will not be euiily drawn along, if dole or very near to the ground; and in that case, a Canal of ten feet would only receive a Vessel drawing nine feet, which would only carry about 70 or 80 tons.

I would therefore propose, that the Caledonian Canal should be upon a scale of greater extent, capable of admitting Trading Ships of the gveateft burthen; and in order to do that, it should have at the lead twenty feet of water, which would receive Ships of 18 feet to be draw’ll with case, and 19 feet with some difficulty.

The Baltic Ships draw from 13 to 19 feet, and but very few of 19; the West India Ships from 16 to 22, and but very few of 22, and those from the Ports of London, Bristol, and Liverpool, that would never have occasion to go by the Inland Navigation.

I am therefore of opinion, though I cannot positively say, that a Canal of twenty feet will answer the purpose required, in which all Ships from the Baltic and East Country, North of England and Scotland, &c. &c. &c. may puss to the Welt ward, and from the West Indies, North America, Ireland, &c. &c. &c. to the Eastward.

With regard to your query respecting proper places or stations for erecting Villages along the fides of the Lakes and Canals, Lean only say, that there are convenient situations all along, from Inverness on the East to Fort William on the Weft, where there will be no difficulty in having them erected.

London, 10th June 1803. Mark Gwynn.

Appendix, No. 8.

The Examination of Mr. Alexander Hutcheson, Shipraafter.

What is your profession and line of life ?—I have been bred to the Sea, and have navigated above twenty years in the North Sea, I have been 15 or 16 times round the Pentland Firth, and am well acquainted with that passage, the Orkneys, and Northern Bays of Scotland.

Have you seen the plan of the Inland Navigation proposed from the East to the Weft Coasts ?—Yes.

What is your opinion as to the advantage of it ?—I think it will be of the greatest advantage, for the following Reasons:

A Ship coming from the Baltic, going to any part of Ireland, or the Weftem Coast of England or Scotland in the night; cannot; in my 12 D opinion

1C

Append!

(No. 52,

14* Juni

continued

Mr. Hut chef on,

1018

Appendix

A. 1803j

ppcndiZi No. 52.)

14* Junii,

continued.

opinion, with safety, attempt the passage of the Pentland Firth. A'

Ship being put into the Orkneys, and detained there by contrary winds, as they frequently are, for five or six weeks, in the Winter season, cannot run in one day from Stromness to the Sound of Chant, off the Island of Lewes, and the passage between the Chant and Lewes is not practicable during the night on account of its narrowness.

There is also great danger in lying to during the night, and there is no place of Ihelter in case of a shift of wind. Soundings there are no kind of guide, the water is too deep. I apply these observations to the Winter half year, from about the middle of September to the middle of March.

What time on an average, in moderate and fair weather, will a ship go from Kinnaird's Head to the Mull of Canty re ?—It is possible to do it in three days. I have never done it myself in less than five days, and have been live weeks, when my object has been to make my passage as sass as possible. On an average, I think my pafi'ages have been about a fortnight.

How many changes of wind are necessary to fail from Kinnaird's Head to the Mull of Cuntyre in the shortest time ?—Three changes.

As a Seaman, would*you chuse to make use of the proposed Inland Navigation rather than go round by the Pentland Firth ?—Surely; no Man acquainted with the outer passage would prefer it, if he could go by the Inland Navigation. I have now left off the Sea, and am an Insurance Broker in the city. Lass November I paid myself Ten Guineas per-cent, premium on a Ship from Riga to Dublin; and if I Could have pointed out to the Underwriter, that the Ship might pass through the proposed Canal, I might probably have done it at five or six per-cent, at furtlieft. Lass January I had a Brig at Londonderry, bound to Peterhead, which, could fine have passed through the Canal,

1 suppole I might have enlured for 3-per-cent.; but the Underwriters asked me 30-per-cent. When a Ship in the Winter months comes from the Northward as far as the Island of Terree (Weft of the Bland of Mull), Ihe frequently falls in with a South-weft wind, which is always attended with thick weather, and often blows so strong, that Hie is driven away to the North-welt to Sea, it not being in her power to fetch a Harbour. This might be avoided by the Inland Navigation.

You now speak of a time of Peace; in time of War, what do you conceive might be the advantages of the proposed Navigation, both as to safety and commercial convenience?—I consider the Sea risk as the chief. The Navigation is so dangerous, and the tide so rapid in the Pentland Firth and the Irish Channel, that Cruizers seldom appear there.

Vlave you often known Ships loft in the passage by the Pentland Firth ?—I have known a good many loft; about three years ago, two valuable Ships from the Baltic were entirely wrecked near Cape Wrath, and all hands drowned in the fame night, near to each other. They were worth about £. 20,000 each.

In what sized Vessels did you usually fail ?—In Ships of 300 tons registered. The last Ship but one I commanded was of 300 tons registered, or 500 tons burthen, American built, and drew 17 feet water. The last Ship I commanded was English built, of 300 tons registered, and drew 16 feet water.

What is the average size of Ships trading from the Weft of England, or from Ireland, to the Baltic ?—About 240 tons registered, or 350 tons burthen.

What draft of water would they on an average require ?—About 15 feet; but many Ships from Liverpool, which arc often Foreign built, and (harp bottoms, require 18 feet. I have seen one 19 feet. I think her tonnage could not have been less than 700 tons registered. Those that drew 18 feet might not be more than 350 tons registered, being very (harp built.

Of what tonnage, on an average, are the Ships failing from Leith, and the Ports further North to Ireland or America?—T1 ie Vessels from these Ports seldom come through the English Channel, but go North about when they are bound to the Weft ward: but I cannot speak to their tonnage. I believe the’' were formerly generally small, and probably do not draw more than 10 feet water. Their tonnage is increased of late, and at Aberdeen, Peterhead, and Leith, may now be about 200 registered tons, drawing 13J feet water.

Do the Lightlioufes on the Pentland Skerries afford accommodation to Navigators?—Yes, certainly; buUnot such an accommodation as would induce me to attempt the passage in the night. It might be done in iome circumstances, but the passage is so narrow, and the tides so strong, that unless the night was very light, and the tide favourable,

I should not chuse to venture it, either in Summer or Winter.

Suppose a Ship for America, wanting to go North about, finds her felt off Kinnaird's Head, would it be better for her to go by the Pentland Firth, or by the Inland Canal ?—This would depend on circumstances. If the Ship was bound direct for America, it might be better for her at once to go through the Pentland Firth, and keep to the North of the Butt of Lewes.

Can you give a list of Ships loft in passing the Pentland Firth during the lait ten years?—i will procure such a list from Lloyd's Coffee-House.

Appendix, N° 9.

The Examination ef Lieutenant John Forbes.

I am a Lieutenant in the Navy, and have served in different King's Lieut. Forbes, Ships, from a Cutter to a Ship of 98 guns, during all the last war, on the Jamaica Station. I formerly navigated in the North Seas, in two Merchant Ships, for five years, during which time I made three paf. sages through the Pentland Firth. All three were in the Winter season: one took up three months from Aberdeen to Cork; another took three weeks from Aberdeen before I could clear the Sound of Lewes Bland; the third took a fortnight from Aberdeen before I was able to get to the North of the Butt of Lewes, from which I (leered South-weft to Grenada. I reckon the puftkge by the Pentland Firth very dangerous as well as tedious in the Winter season. I never passed it in the Summer season. The principal danger is, that leaving the Orkneys in the morning one cannot clear the Land before night; the tides run very strong, as well as the winds contrary, and strong Ships of 240 tons measurement draw about 15 or 16 feet water.

I agree with Mr. Hutchefou as to the draft of Ships of different burthens. I also agree with him as to the inconvenience and danger of Vessels going by the Pentland Firth to the Irish Channel, after they reach the South end of Terree, I should suppose no Man would heiitate a moment, if his Vessel was oft' Kinnaird's Head, going to

Ireland or the Weft of England, to prefer the Inland Navigation to going by the Pentland Firth. An English built Frigate of 32 guns, with provisions for three months, and all her guns and stores, generally draws 18 feet, sometimes less. Frigates taken from the French and Spaniards generally draw more than the English built. To the best of my knowledge, all Vessels from the Eall Coast of Scotland, bound to the Weltward, prefer going by the Pentland Firth to the English Channel, even in time of Peace.

I have heard all Mr. llutchefon's evidence, and I agree with him in the fads and opinions he has given.

Appendix, No. 10.

The Examination of Mr. Francis Sinclair, Shipmaster, of Thurso, in Caithness.

Are you acquainted with the Navigation of the Northern Coast of Mr. Sinclair. Scotland?—Yes.

llow long have you been acquainted with it?—Thirty years.

Have you frequently passed through the Pentland ITrth?—Yes, repeatedly.

Is it a safe or easy Navigation, or do accidents frequently happen?

—With a steady and commanding breeze of wind it is very sale, but in a calm there is danger.

Have you known many cases of danger or loss?—Yes, repeatedly; the greatest danger I know in the Pentland Firth is, coming from the Westward with a flood tide and a calm, the current is apt to run you on the South Point of Swona.

Do calms frequently happen in that Sea?—In the Summer season very frequently.

Whether in Winter is it generally stormy or moderate on that Coast?

■The weather is nearly the same as on the other Coasts of North Britain, where they are subject to frequent gales of wind in the Winter.

Do you consider the Navigation safe in Winter, under all the usual circumstances?—Yes, I do; if a man takes his time, and attends to the tide, there is no danger with a common breeze of wind. '

Do you think it a safe Navigation for Ships, the Mailers of which are not particularly acquainted with the Coast?—I do not think it is.

Are Vessels passing from the Minch to the Eastern Coast of Scotland frequently detained, for a considerable time, by contrary winds? —Repeatedly.

Do you mean for a considerable length of time together, or only for a short interruption?—I suppose for a short interruption, till the wind ft lifts.

Is it usual, on that Coast, for the wind to blow for a considerable length of time from the same quarter?—The wind varies the same as on the other parts of the coall, but the moll prevailing winds ar# westerly.

Does it not require several winds to bring a Vessel round from the Sound of Mull to the North-east Coast of Scotland?—It does.

Are there any convenient Harbours, or Inlets, on the Northern or Western Coast of Scotland ?—There are a great many Bays and Inlets from the Sound of Mull to Cape Wrath, and from thence to the Pentland Firth there are three very good anchoring places; but there are no safe Harbours from the Pentland Firth to Cromarty Firth.

How long have you known a Vessel detained by contrary winds between the Sound of Mull and the Murray Firth?—I have known a Vessel detained six weeks.

If the projected Canal is made, do you think it would be preferable to the present Navigation?—1 do, at all seasons.

Are you aware, and do you take into your consideration the time that would be requisite to pass through the proposed Navigation?

Not being acquainted with that part of the country I cannot tell.

1 Suppoftn»

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1019

Supposing that the time necessary is three days ?—I dill think it would be preferable to the other.

Have you ever passed along the Forth and Clyde Navigation ?— Yes.

From your knowledge of it, do you suppose Vessels of large burthen might pass along a Navigation of a sufficient depth of water with equal lafety?—1 do.

Supposing a Vessel coming from the Baltic, and bound to the Clyde, or the Irish Channel, and not having got within the Head of the Murray Firth, do you conceive die would prefer the present Navigation to the proposed Canal ?—I should prefer the proposed Canal.

Have you been employed in the Fisheries on the Coast of Scotland ? —I have, and should prefer this Canal to the Navigation round by the Pentlaud Firth.

y Appendix, No. n.

The Examination of Mr. Wlliam Milne, Shipmaster of Banff.

Mr.Milne. What is your experience in the Navigation of the Coast of Scotland?—1 have been before the Mall, and Mailer of a Vessel twenty six years, and have often failed on those Coasts. I am acquainted with the whole of the Coast. I have heard Captain Sinclair's evidence, and agree with him in evoiy particular.

Appendix, No. 12.

The Examination of Mr. John Ckea, Shipmaster of Leith; has been 18 years at sea.

Mr. Crea. Whether you would prefer the present Navigation to the projected Canal ?—If I was bound from any part of the Welhvard to the Baltic, I should consider going through the Canal unnecessary; but if I was bound to the Eastern Coast of Scotland or England, I should think it of an advantage; but even then, with a fair wind, I would not go through it.

Capt. Dotcnic.

i -

, r

Appendix, No. 13.

The Examination of Captain Murdo Down if., formerly Master of the Champion Frigate of 24 guns, which was stationed 3 years on the Coasts of Scotland. '

I am a Master in His Majesty s Navy; I have been in the Navy 24 years; before that I was in the Merchants service ten years; have been near 30 years at sea without being on shore 3 months at a time. I was first Matter of the Champion Frigate of 24 guns, then of the Defence of 74 guns, the Duke of 98, the Glory of 98, ltesolution of 74, and Saint Alban's of 64.

-In the Champion I was 3 years on the East Coast of Scotland; I fury eyed the Coast from Duncan's Bay Head, at the South entrance of the Pentland Firth to Holy liland, in England, including the Staples. I presented a Chart of the Survey to the Admiralty, which was so far approved determined by them as to be published with their permission. Whilst in the Merchants service I was employed two years and a half in the Fisheries on the North-weft of Scotland. I have frequently navigated from the Baltic, Norway, and the East Coast of Scotland, by the Pent-land Firth to the Irish Channel. I am well acquainted with the entrance by Sea to Fort George from the East, and with the Outlet on the Weft from the Lvnnhe Loch to the Sound of Mull, between which two points lies the line of the proposed Inland Navigation, termed the Caledonian Canal. Mr. Hadden, Provost of Aberdeen, having spoken to me desiring information on matters connected with this subject, particularly the Navigation of the East Coast of Scotland by Pentland Firth, I transmitted, for the use of this Honourable Committee, a Copy of the answer I returned to the Provost, and beg leave to refer to it here.

The Letter is as follows: u In consequence of a conversation with the Provost of Aberdeen,

44 and having read Mr. Telford's Report upon the Caledonian Canal 44 and Improvements of the Highlands of Scotland, I fend that in addition to what he has already said concerning the Murray Firth:

44 It perhaps may not be unnecessary to add, that there is a safe Har- bour at Fort George. I cannot pretend to lay that I am perfectly 44 acquainted with this Harbour, but I have known a Sloop of War " to be moored there more than once, and it is probable that there 44 is water and room enough in it for a Frigate.

44 Rrugh-head Fjay would prove a tolerable road for large Men of 44 War, where they would be sheltered from all winds, from East 44 round the South and W eft quarters to North, lb that they would be 44 exposed to only one quarter of the compass, which quarter is that 44 in which the winds prevail least in these Climates, wish the advantage of having the Harbour of Cromarty for running to in cases of 44 necessity; no doubt there is a pretty great exposure in the N. W.

" and N. directions, but not so as to endanger greatly the riding of a " large Man of War. The anchoring ground in Brugh-head Bay is M smooth and good, and the depth of water moderate.

" The turning out of the Murray Firth against an easterly wfind,

" might be facilitated by taking the advantage of the tide, the Ebbtide letting to the Eastward along the north Shore, and the Flood-" tide setting to the Eastward along the South: with this help I make no doubt but that with a stiff breeze apd smooth water, a Man of

44 War would clear the Firth against an easterly wind in 30 or 36 44 hours.

44 With respect to the procuring of fresh water at Cromarty, in 44 addition to the Well described by Mr. Telford, there is a good 44 run of fine fresh water, which discharges itself into the South fide 4i of the Harbour, about two miles Weft from the town.

44 The bell method for pointing out the advantages that would re-46 fult from the free Navigation of the Caledonian Canal, will perhaps tc be to point out the advantages and dangers attending the Naviga-" tion round the North of Scotland.

44 In the first place, exclusive of the dangers that may be avoided, 44 the Caledonian Canal will save a distance of between 30 and 40 44 leagues to Ships going by the way of the Pentland Firth, and of 44 60 leagues to those going round between Orkney and Shetland; and 44 again, the Navigation round by the Orkneys is rendered very dan- gerous, particularly during the Winter half year (that is from Octo- ber to May) on account of the extremely thick and boisterous 44 weather that frequently prevails there during that season; and this " danger is considerably increased by the great rapidity and diversity 44 of the tides, and the lowness of the Land, particularly upon the 44 North and East tides; for, from the great depth of the Sea round the 44 Orkneys, no indication of coming near the Land can be had from 44 Soundings, so that Ships coming upon it in thick weather, are 44 often so forcibly drawn in by the current of tide as to be embay- ed among the Rocks before they discover where they are. Add to 44 this, if we consider the great length of the nights at this season, to- gether with the height and irregularity of the waves, caused by the 44 divcrlity of tides, our surprize at the many Shipwrecks that happen 44 in these parts will be considerably lessened, In consequence of these 44 dangers, and in order to avoid them as much as possible, it is very 44 common for Ships coming across the North Sea for the Orkneys, 44 to make the Land first about Buchaness, and from thence to steer for 44 Duncan's Bay Head; in which case, when the wind blows strong 44 between the North-east and East, it not unfrequently happens that 44 these Ships, not being able to weather Duncan's Bay Head, are 44 obliged to bear away for Cromarty, and thuslofe a fair wind; while 44 upon the other hand, the wind that releases them from Cromarty 44 will carry them no farther orf their voyage than Duncan's Bay 44 Head, or to some Harbour in the Orkneys, where they must wait another change of wind, by which means their passage is prolonged several weeks beyond what it would otherwise have been had they at first got rouird Duncan's Bay Head; all of which circumstances will be prevented by the free Navigation of the Caledonian Canal. The above circuinftance happened several times while I was stationed upon the Fall Coast of Scotland, and I have often witnessed the regret exp relied by Shipmasters upon the occasion.

44 The Coast from Duncan's Bay Head to Loch Eripol (near Cape Wrath) from being so straight, and having no safe Harbours in it, is also very dangerous, on account of its exposure to the Ocean swell from the North, and gales of wind in that direction often force Ships on shore upon it; indeed every other part (as well as this)

44 of the Coast, from the Ordhead of Caithness round, the North end of 44 Scotland, as also the Coasts of Lewes, llarres, Uift, Barra, and Sky, by being subjeeft to the fame thick and boisterous weather as 44 the Orkneys, have their full share of danger attached to them, as may be readily perceived by the many Shipwrecks that happen 44 there; so that no greater proof need be required of the utility of the Caledonian Canal, than the melancholy account of Wrecks,

44 and loss of Lives, that happen every year in the different parts 44 of the passage round the North of Scotland; even exclusive of the loss of valuable lives, was the value of property loft there 44 for a few years back accurately ascertained, there is not the least 44 doubt but that it would nearly, if not altogether, equal the expence 44 of constructing the Caledonian Canal."

Some further Questions being proposed to Captain Downie, he an% fwered as follows:—

As to the length of passage from Kinnaird’s Head by the Pentland Firth to the Mull of Cantyre, the courses are North, Weft, and South, and most of the intermediate points between them; and I think, the shorteft time in which it is polhble to perform the voyage in a good Ship, with fair wind all the way, is six days; it may be two months; the usual run of passages may be about a month. A Ship will make her passage looner from the Mull of Cantyre to the eastward, on account of the prevalence of the weftcrly winds. If I were coming in a Ship from the Baltic, I certainly would prefer going through the Caledonian Canal to going round by Pentland Firth, because of the fliortness of the passage, and the greater lafety of it. If J were going from the Irish Channel to the Baltic, I would still prefer the Caledonian Canal, for the fame reasons. If I were failing from Kinnaird's Head for the West Indies or America, I should prefer going through the Caledonian Canal; if going from Norway to the West Indies, I still would go through the Canal; if going from Norway, in the Summertime, to Newfoundlander the Northern Parts of America, I would go to the Northward of the Orkneys; so that I should always prefer the Caledonian Canal to the Pentland FirThe Spring-tides in the

[(^inland

Appendix (No. 52/ 14* J

continued.

1020 Appendix/ 1803.

Appendix; :no.5z.) 14* Junii,

continued.

__________ J

Capt. Duff,

Pentland Firth run at the rate of nine knots an hour, the Neap-tides about three knots; but the tides are rendered more dangerous there on account of three Islands, the Skerries, Stroma, and Swona, which ate in the middle of the Firth, and produce eddies and whirlpools. Twelve or fourteen leagues to the westward of the Orkneys, in the route to America; there are two Rocks which are dangerous in the night or thick weather.

I am not acquainted with the interior between Invcrness and the Linnhe Loch, but in the Baltic, the Coast of Norway, and the West Coast of Scotland, I have frequently navigated narrow Lochs or Inlets of the Sea, coafled by high mountains. There are frequent gusts of wind coming down Vallies, felt in these Lochs; they shew themselves on the water, and give sufficient warning to take in fail, which is enough for guarding against them. In all such Lochs, the wind takes the direction of the mountains.

I have heard Captain Gwy nil's evidence respecting the Navigation of Loch Nefs, and am of opinion there is room enough for a large Ship to work to windward. As the Loch is dated to be from one to two mile§ wide, a large, well-failing Ship can work to windward in three quarters of a mile in breadth. A Ship, with a moderate fair wind, might make the run of Loch Nefs in four hours and a half; against the wind, a Merchant Ship may advance half a mile an hour; a good failing Ship, a mile an hour; a Fi igate, one mile and a half an hour. In calms or light winds, a Vessel might be tracked in such a Lake. I do not conceive that Vessels of any burthen, or Herring Bufles, would be in danger of foundering from gusts of wind, but Boats might; though, as to them, the danger would not be great, if proper caution were used. I judge, Mooring Buoys or Chains to be far preferable to a Ship's coining to Anchor in such a Loch, because of the reaainels with which a Ship may be brought up, or may get under weigh from them.

From the Western extremity of the Lynnhe, a Vessel would with great safety get into the Western Ocean by the North of Ireland; or, in case of any hidden gale of wind, there is an excellent Harbour immediately adjoining at Oban, on the South fide, where there is a very capacious and lale Baton and Roadstead, and on the North, the whole of the Sound of Mull, which is perfectly safe.

With respect to the bearing of the proposed Canal on thebufiness of the Fisheries on the West Coast, I belie\e 1 can give some information. I conceive that the whole of the Tail Coast of Scotland, from the Edinburgh Firth to the Ord of Caithness, would go by the Caledonian Canal to the Fisheries on the Wed Coast, and that they would readily engage in them. They do not engage in the Fisheries on the West Coast now, on account of the length and uncertainty of the past’age by the Pentland Firth. The Fiftiing begins on the West Coast about the In ft of August. If the Fiftiing begins in June on the Iv,aft Coast, the fame Fishers might go by the month of August to the West Coast; which I do not conceive to be practicable by the Pentland Firth, on account of the length and uncertainty of the pall age.

• Appendix, No. 14.

Captain Geo. Duff, of the Royal Navy.

The Navigation of the Murray Firth appears to me perfectly safe for all Ships of War, no rocks or shoals laying any distance otf the Shore; and in case of gales of wind, they have the Harbour of Cromarty to run for, which is not only a very good and safe one, but easily known, and no difficulty in entering. Should the wind be such that they cannot fetch Cromarty, they can upon one tack or the other easily clear the Land, and have plenty of sea-rooin. I have been several times in Cromarty; but never founded it accurately. I know that when you are in, shoal water extends a good way out from the Noith fide; but it is a good and capacious Roadstead and depth of water for large Ships a long way up; the entrance I take to be more than a mile; I have beat in and out more than once; fee no disticulty of any Ship working out when the weather is such that (he could make any thing of it, if ft^e was *n Firth; in that case 1 should suppose any moderate failing Ship would clear the Land about Fraserburgh in two days, particularly if (he attended to the tides; it is, in my opinion, the only safe place where Ships of War could rendezvous or retit to the Northward of the Firth of Forth, and would be a good station, particularly when at War with the Northern Powers: there is plenty of frefti water, a good Pier for small Vessels, and a considerable rife of tide. I have been in the Invemefs Firth opposite to Fort George, with a Frigate and Sloop of War; we had very good (belter; but the water is not deep, though I cannot say I know much about it. These are the only places on the East Coast of Scotland which I think calculated to accommodate Ships of War, or that could be made so.

Geo. Duff.

to superintend their concerns at Lochbay in the Isle of Sky, and I have resided principally there ever since.

With respect to Emigration, previous to the late declaration of Hof-tilities, there were about 3,000 fouls ready to emigrate from the Isle of Sky, the whole population of which is about *20,000. I am acquainted with their intentions by their declarations at public meetings, and the information of the Agents employed to collect Emigrants. The time of failing is usually the month of August.

I apprehend the advance in the price of Provisions and Freight, on account of the War, may retard the departure of numbers, although they have proposed a method of getting over that difficulty, by taking no provisions with them except oatmeal and molasses.

As to the means of checking this great evil, I have addraffed a Letter to the Chairman of the Committee, which, touching on that head, I beg leave to refer to.

The Letter is as follows:

" Sir, " London, June 9th 1803.

" I have received great satisfaction in learning that the Legislature " has bent its attention seriously to the Improvement of the High-lands, which must necessarily embrace the extension of the Fisheries;

" and by natural consequences tend to impede, and I trust finally prevent, those very large Emigrations from that quarter which are " now upon the wing. I apprehend immediate good effects from bc-" ginning Roads in different parts of the Highland Counties in such " lines as may have been determined on. I say, ‘ in different parts/

" because it will render employment to the People more general; and " it will impress the idea more generally, that great improvements " are projected, and actually going forward. Many Persons emigrate " rather from the fear of want than from present want. The Confo-" lidation of small Farms into large Cattle Grazings in the hands of " one Tacksman, and the rapid introduction of Sheep, necessarily dif-" possesses thousands whose enftom it has been to regard farming as " the only mean determined by which they ought to seek subsistonce. Highland " Farms can now be more profitably occupied than by small Tenants " or Cottagers: They must seek Lands ell'ewhere, or other employ-u merits must be held out; and as their habits are against any labour " but that of the field, any employments recently held out should be " brought as near to their doors as possible. Persons who have tailed " the advantages derived from constant work, and wages well paid u while employed upon the Roads near to their own houses, shall be " induced to gather about the Canal for further employment; and I " should be well pleased to fee it employ thousands, as I look forward " to its completion with high expectations; it is a measure that was " recommended to a Committee of the House in 1782, by Doctor " Anderl'on; and an Estimate was gi\eti in by Mr. Watt for it3 exe-" cution (Vide Anderson’s Reports). It i9 an Improvement easily " effected in coraparifon with the vast extent of country which it will " open, and it will render a communication between the East and West " Coasts perfectly easy; a circumstance long wished for; as the " Fishermen on the East Coast possess able Boats, and a knowledge of " White Fiftiing, that would soon prove the value of the Cod and Ling " Banks on the Western Coast, and thereby induce the Inhabitants to " imitate their Boats and mode of Fiftiing; at present the Boats on

II the West Coast are too small, and not of the belt construction, to " keep the Sea in boisterous weather. A few Boats venture from " Barra to Glasgow with Fish; but such an expedition is extremely " hazardous in small and ill-contrived Boats, and consequently can " only be attempted in favourable wreatber. I have built some Houses " at Lochbay in the Isle of Sky, by the Direction of the British " Society, for the accommodation of Fishermen from the East Coast, for the precise purpose of shewing the People of Sky a good example " in Boats and prowess; but it has been found impracticable to per-" fuade any of them to remove to Sky; they, however, shew no reluc-" tance at engaging for the season; but the Navigation by the Pent-" land Firth is too hazardous for open Boats of the best construction " at the vernal and autumnal equinoxes, which are points of time " they could with to pass and return. Was the Canal open, this " obstacle would be removed, and good consequences would soon shew " themselves.

u The few Remarks that I have ventured on the important subjects " under the consideration of your Committee, cannot be supposed to " proceed from the opinions of the day as such; for, as an Agent for " the British Society in the Isle of Sky, I must necessarily be well " acquainted with local affairs.

" And I have the honour to be,

* Sir,

" your mod obedient Servant,

" To Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esq. M.Pf Wm Porter*

Dr, Porter.

Banff, 25th Nov. 1802.

Appendix, No. 15.

The Examination of Dr; William Porter, Agent for the British F'iihery Socif?ty in the Isle of Sky.

I was born in England, and have been a Surgeon in His Majesty’s Navy. Four years ago I was appointed by the British Fishery Society

Besides the immediate employment furnished for the People by the projected Improvements, the Great Canal would be a permanent advantage to that Country, by extending the knowledge of the White Fisheries (Cod and Ling F'iihery) from the East Coast Fishers, who under and it, to those of the West Coast; and giving reciprocal advantages, both to the East and West Coast. Manufactures would U another great means of permanently employing the People. The

Country

a.

:.nc i

Od - La e:i2»

' ‘4

':5:'

?SJ

i- Jf

; ' J

.i1

r *]'•'

' -x

yr

f:

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1021

Country wants nothing for certain branches of Manufticlurc but Capital. The People are fulfcly charged with being averie to labour; they want only encouragement and regular payments to make them industrious.

A Manufacture of course Woollen Cloths may be set lip with particular facility, because there is plenty of the raw materials, abundant falls of water; and the coarse Woollens, which the country People wear, they are obliged to have from the South and Fall Country, at a high price. Manufactures of Tishing Nets, and other branches, might also be ealily introduced.

I conceive the introduction of Manufactures there is to be effected ■by Gentlemen of that Country, if they arc willing to do so, or by Manufacturers or Persons of capital from the South Country, fending proper persons to let up manufactures there.

The Canal might be initmnicntal in encouraging such attempts, and I do not apprehend persons would be forward to make any such, imlcfs the Canal were formed.

With respect to the Navigation by the Pentland Firth to the Weft Coal’t, I have never performed it myself; but I have seen tlieMaster ot a Veil'd, who struck on a llock, concerning which there has been me doubt, near Cape Wrath, a league and a half from the Shore; and, during this lait Spring, there have been seven or eight Vessels wrecked on the Coall of Sky; and I believe, from report, the like accidents happened at the same time in other parts of the Hebrides.

SECOND APPENDIX.

<N° i.)—A LI ST of the Lois of SIII P PI X G in the Orkneys, and other parts of the Passage by round the North ot Scotland. Taken from the Weekly Journal, Herald, and Chronicle, printed at Edinburgh in the years iSoo, 1801, 1802; until lfi February 1803.

1800. 3d Jan.—The Thomas and Maiy, of Aberdeen, Black master; totally loft; crew saved.

13 th.—Four Vessels loft on South Ranaldlha, two D* on Burray, one D° in Deerness, and two large Ships on Pentland Skerries; most of the crews drowned.

D°.—A large Sloop loft, with all her crew, in Holm Sound. A Vessel, Rob1 Ilutchinion master, with wheat, wrecked near Dunbrath Culllc, Caithness; crew drowned.

! 5th.-—The Flora, from Petersburgh to Dublin, loft in the Lewis, with all her crew.

19th.—The Favourite, from Martinico to Liverpool; stranded in the Lewis; part of the cargo saved.

D°.—The Friendship, Hope master, from London to Shields; loft in the Orkneys.

D°.—The Ocean, Jackson master, from London to Sunderland; loft in the Orkneys.

•23d.—The Sloop Success, of Hull; loft in Stronfay, Pentland Firth. 19th Feb.—The Ship Columbus, from Dantzig to Liverpool, with wheat, pease, and barley; stranded on the Istand of Tondra, Shetland.

26th March.—The Saraband Elizabeth, of Hull; loft atStromness; crew saved.

30th April.—The Dengode Foverting, Christian Berg master, from Arundel; foundered oft’ Shetland; crew saved.

D°.—The Helen, Carleton master, from Liverpool to Revel; on shoreon the Orkneys, and condemned.

4th June.—The Union, Rodger, from Greenock to the Baltic, is loft in the Lewis.

6th Ang.—The Sloop Nelly and Kitty, with lime, for Tliurfo; loft in the Pentland Firth, with all her crew.

loth Ocl.—The Snow Smyrna, of London, Alex. Redpath master, with iron and tallow; loft at Dunrcay, in Caithness; master, one man and a boy saved; lix men drowned.

23d.—A liudson’s Bay Ship, loaded with furs; on Ihore at Stromness.

D°.—A Vessel on Ihore in Kirkwall Road, two D° in Deer Sound, and two in the North Hies of Orkneys.

19th Nov.—The Fuphemia, Maion master; totally loft on Cape Wrath; crew saved.

10th Dec.—The Waakfamkier, Merguard mailer, from Liverpool to Dantzig, is loft off the Highlands of Scotland.

1801. 5th Jan.—The Grizzle, of Ayr; drove on ftiore in the Harbour of Cana, and damaged.

19th.—The Sally, Gailcop master, from Charlestown to Greenock; loft on the Weft lide of the Lewis.

15th July.—The Orion, Mac Lean master, from Dublin to Sligo; loft in the Orkneys.

3d Sept.—The Brig Neptune, Nail master, from Ayr for the Baltic; drove on ftiore on South Ranaldlha, Orkneys.

8th.—The Brig Two Drange, Barnhill master, from Memel for Sligo; with timber; wrecked near Stromnofe.

Appcndi

2qth.—A large Ship of 900 tons, name unknown, with timber and wheat; wrecked on the Istand of Sanda.

(No. 52,

21ft Oct.—The Sloop Lovely Peggy, of Chcpftow, from Christian j Juni Sound for Sligo, with deals; lolt 15 miles Wert of Thurso; one man drdwned. continued

22d.—Several Vessels from the Baltic for English and Irish Ports, ‘ were put on ftiore at Kirkwall, Stromness, &c. See. &c.; and one Dublin Vessel totally loft.

27th.—-the Tycho de Brahe, of 1,000 tons, from Dantzig to Liverpool; loft at Kirkwalh

D°.—The Brig Dorothea Willhelmina, Roper master, from Hamburgh to Charlestown; loft near Kirkwall; master drowned.

23d Nov.—The Brig Eliza, of Dublin. Willm Scavan master, from Archangel to Dublin, with pitch, tar, and iron; wrecked in Kirkwall Road.

D°.—The Ship Carolina, of Liverpool, Gilbert Armfon master, from Riga, with timber, flax, and wheat, for Liverpool: on Ihore and bilged at Kirkwall.

23d Nov.—The Acorn, of Worthington, Dickson master, from Petersburgh, for Greenock, with hemp and iron; on ftiore and damaged near 1

Kirkwall.

24th.— The Jane, of Liverpool, with timber, for Liverpool; drove on Ihore on South Ranaldlha.

D°.—Two large Ships and two Brigs, drove on ftiore at Stromness.

8th Dec.—T he Carolina, Parker master, from Turnau, for Liverpool, and two other Vessels, stranded at Kirkwall.

11th.—The Acorn, Nixon master, from Riga to Liverpool, and the FlizaJ Ilallum inalter, from Archangel to Dublin, were on ftiore in Kirkwall Bay.

D°—Two Ships and two Brigs from the Baltic, on ftiore at Stromness.

1802. 6th Jan.—A Ship from Archangel to Dublin, Hardcastle master, loft on North Faro; crew saved.

21ft March.—The Terry, Harril'on master, from Belfast to Dantzig; wrecked near Stromness.

2d April.—The Brig Edward, on ftiore and damaged in St. Margaret’s Hope, Orkney.

9th.—The Robert and Ann, loft on the Istand of Stroma, Pentland Firth; two of the crew drowned. j

15th.—The Jason, Chadeayne, from New York to Hull, with tafj j

turpentine, Hour, and llaves; wrecked on Forencfs, Shetland.

23d.—The Edward, Martin master, from Ayr to Memel, on short and damaged in Orkney.

10th Oct.— i lie Two Brothers, Stephen Clough master, from Leith to New York, drove on Ihore in Lidivo, Shetland. ij

15th.—The Brothers, Blocklock, from Leith to Liverpool, loft near I

Stromness.

26th Nov.—A Ship, master’s name Christian Farrelfon Leyre, loft, with her crew, on Papa Island, Orkney.

1803. 5U1 Jan.— One Vessel loaded with grain, and a Galliot j

loaded with clieele and hides, loft, with all hands, on Wartholin,

Orkney.

D°.—A Sloop belonging to Thurso, loft in the Orkneys.

D0.—A Vessel with deals, belonging to London, loft in Deerness; four of the crew saved.

—The wreck of a Brig, drove on ftiore in Orkney.

D°. - A Vessel loaded with timber and tallow, lolt with all hands, on South Ranaldlha.

D°.—A Fishing Smack, belonging to London, with fish, Stevenfoa master; loll in the Orkneys. v

11th.—The Dedulus, from Moss to London, lof* in the Orkneys.

18th.—A large Ship with timber, loft, with all hands, in the

Orkneys.;

19th.—The Thomas and Mary of London, with fish, loft in St,

Margaret’s Hope.

IK—*A Vessel, the Providence, loft on the Island of Flota, Orkneys.

D°.—Part of the wreck of a Ship, of a Brig, and of a Galliot, drove on Ihore in the Orkneys; crews drowned.

N. B.—The above accounts of Lofl'es are taken from the following

0 'f

Edinburgh Papers, namely, that of the year 1800, from the Weekly - j

Journal; and for the rest of the time, from the Herald and Chronicle;* j

and is exactly set down as found in thele Papers, which is the reason 1

that the particulars of Losses, and other matters concerning the Vessels mentioned here, are so deficient. J

In the above Lift we have observed, that notone-eighth of the nura- ,

her are recorded in Lloyd’s Lift, owing, no doubt, to the rest being in-sured in other parts, or else not insured at all; for it is well known that the far greater part of the Vessels belonging to the North of England and to Scotland, are underwitten in those places; so that, excepting the few recorded in Lloyd’s Lift, we could only come at the account of the rest in the Edinburgh Papers we perused, under the head of Letters from Orkneys, and Miscellaneous Articles, irregularly

* Where the real date of the loss it not mentioned, the date of the Paper in which it is inserted is substitute

Vol, 58. 12 E d by VjjC

id. T

»f«hej

fltppendit, <No. 5*.)

14* Junii, continued.

mJ

1022 Appendix, A. 1803.

inserted here and there. From which circumstances, besides what may haveefcaped our notice in so complicated and hally a perusal, there mult he many Lodes not recorded here; particularly total Lodes, where no part of the wreck is drove on shore; those on remote parts of these Islands, and other places that have little or no communication by poll; and there are also many LolTes concealed for fear of hurting the credit of those concerned. But, independent of all these, there are many LolTes which are not inserted in those particular papers we perused, either through neglect, or else for want of room; as a proof of which, I, M. Downie, knew of a Brig belonging to Aberdeen, and a Ship belonging to the North of England, lolt lair year near Wick, in Caithness, which we could find no account of in these Papers; the crew of the Aberdeen Brig were all drowned, excepting one man: so that, taking all these circumstances together, it is our decided opinion, that the Lilt given here does not much exceed half the number of real LolVes.

For the more readily making an Estimate of the extent of these LolVes we have divided them into two clafies, namely, those totally loft, and those driveu on fiiore and damaged; of the former there are 53 in number, and of the latter *29. Now, although many out of the 53 mentioned as totally7 loft, have had more oriel's of their cargoes laved; yet, AS many of the 29 under the head of—driven on shore and damaged— prove afterwards to be total LolVes, we may with propriety place what is loft under the last head, against what is saved under the first; thus, by letting one against the other, the Lift of total LolVes above-mentioned will be found to becorred: therefore, by estimating the tonnage at from l,oooo tons to 50 (allowing for the Vessels of the smaller tonnage to be the greatest in number) the medium may be settled at 350 tons; and allowing half of these to be loaded and the other half light; and estimating the loaded Ships at £. 5,000 'each, and the light Ships at £.2,500 each, the average for each Ship will be £. 3,750, which multiplied by 53, the number of Ships totally loft will amount to £. 198,750, exclusive of the LolVes of those drove on shore and damaged; and, by estimating each of these to sustain in Hull and Cargo £.500 damage, will make £. 14,500, being in the whole £. 213,250; and if \ve allow the Losses to be only one half more than is here recorded, the total Sum will be £. 319,875, in three years and one month, exclusive of the great number of valuable Lives, of which it is impossible to make any calculation.

M. Donnie.

London, 22d June 1803. Mark Gxvynn.

(N° 2.)—REMARKS, by Joskpii Brodie, Esquire, Captain in the Royal Navy, upon the Coast of Scotland, and the Advantage of the Caledonian Canal.

Rtfpetting Navigation, particularly that of the Scotch Coajl.

Of Winds, and their efteft.

IN the Highlands of Scotland, as in all other Countries which rife rapidly from the Sea, the wind which blows in upon the land, or at right angles with it, seldom blows home, that is, it leldoin reaches the shore with force or violence equal to that with which it blows at a fmnll distance oft’ the land. I have known, in the Summer time, fresh gales of wind at N. W. in the in fide of the Hebrides or Lewis Bland, for several days together, when an almost perfect calm exilied all the time in the inner Sounds; but this fact is most obvious in the Mediterranean, where the h aide ft gales of Levanters very seldom blow to the shore; and, during furh a wind, it is not uncommon, in those leas, to fee a Ship ciofe in with the land with every fail set, while at the distance of three of four leagues in the Oiling, that is to say, from the land. Ships can Vrdly lhow or carry any fail; and in the fame way, iii the Highlands of Scotland, the N. W. or \V. N. W. winds seldom blow home, on account of the Mountains as aforesaid. Now, the current of air will naturally find its way where it meets with the least uhstruction, which happens to be along the coalt from the Butt of the Lewis and Cape Wrath, down to the Orkneys; this circumstance makes that passage so tedious and difficult against S. \V. and W. winds, that it is not uncommon, even in Summer, to fee Vessels put back to the Orkneys from Cape Wrath, while Ships are making tolerable paf-sages across the North Seas in the fame direction; it is therefore not to be wondered at, if, in the Winter, Ships bound to the Weft ward are fomet lines detained even three months in the Orkneys with those N. W. and W. winds, the course which they art* to hold not only being in the track where the current of air from the mountainous country takes its course, and blows will) such violence as it generally does, but the Coast itself lying in an East and West line, has the efi’ett of keeping the wind in that direction, even when it has been known to alter several points at thirty miles distant; and, indeed, till it comes at right angles with the land, it cannot be depended on to alter.

winds we have in those Seas. On the whole extent of this rocky fiiore there is but one good Harbour; and, in the Winter, so little dav-light prevails in those latitudes, that it seldom can be uiei'ul; for, Ships are generally attacked with gales of wind at North, between the Orkneys and Cape Wrath, in the night, as mull come out of the Orkneys or the Highlands during the day, and seldom can run the whole length of that coalt, particularly when the wind is not Ileady, within one winter's day; they therefore during the long night, carry to the Westward to get " round allthat is to say, round the Butt of the Lewis, if they think they can weather it; otherwise they make for the Great Minch, where they must hand otV and on till day-light and clear weather shew them what course to pursue; and, going to the Eailward they malt in the like case of night, Hand round the Orkneys, or oft and on a-breall of Pentland Firth, or Hoy Mouth: on this passage many brave Men and good Ships have been lolt, not only (handed on the coast, hut several have been milling here, of which no accounts have ever been heard, which has probably been owing to a rocky Ihoal, which lies from seven to eight leagues N. W. off Cape Wrath; and which, although its ex-lftenee near that lpot is certain, is not generally known; and I have 110 doubt it has been the cause of great mischief, for it lies directly in the course of Vessels going from the Orkneys, with North winds, round the Butt of Lewes. How delinible is it for our Country that these dangers should be obviated.

In the Long Bland, and upon the opposite shore from Cape Wrath, Weltwards, there are so many good Harbours, that lot's of Shipping seldom happens. 1 shall now proceed to give an account of the principal cause of the LolTes on the Coast of Orkneys: Of such Ships as are bound to the West Coast of Scotland, England, and Ireland, there is seldom one winter palVes that there is not considerable loss; and the last winter it was peculiarly great. Every good Mariner is naturally anxious to make his voyage as loon as pniiible, and, when bound to the Westward in winter, few will go to the Northward of Shetland, as, at thatfeafon, there is but little day-light, and that Bland abounds more with thick weather than any part of the British Coalts or Isles; on the fame account also very few Vessels go through between Orkneys and Shetland, as the North Coast of Orkneys is all’o subject to thick weather, and some parts of it very low, the Bland of Sandey in particular; Ships therefore are under the necctlity of running for the PentLnd Firth, and must endeavour to make the Land near Duncans Bay Head and South Ranaldlha; this requires, in bad weather, great exertion, and a more correct reckoning than can well be kept in gales of wind and cross-running tides. On thele coalts, the Mariner hopes in vain to fee, in the night-time, the Skerry Lights in Pentland Firth; every wave breaking at a distance he conceives to be a light; is watching with great anxiety of mind to alter his course, when being carried by the violence of the winds and tides a few miles, indeed a very few miles, from the spot lie conceives himself to be in, he perhaps ltnkes on some of the Iil»*s of Orkney, where Ship and Crew are almost in-stantly loft. The Shipwrecks here are probably more frequent than those which happen between Orkney and Cape Wrath, and arc chiefly owing to the final 1 space they have to make the land in; for with Ealt and South-ealt gales of wind, if they are once put pall Pentland Firth, they lole their passage, as they must then, il possible, gel back to Cromarty. The strong tides which run between the Blands of Orkneys and Shetland also occasion Ships which come near those Ifies to be deceived m their reckoning, and of course expose. them to much risque; and some again, after having been long tolled about in the North Seas, and endeavouring, with the utinoft care, to avoid the danger of the Orkney Hies, have been loft on the low liiudy fiiore near Uatery Head, which has been chiefly owing to the depth of the water at only a short distance oii this Coalt; lo that, trom forty-five fathoms, a Ship, with a fair wind, may run on shore in one hour.

Of the Northern Conjls, and on what accounts they arc most dangerous.

The coast from the Orkneys to Cape Wrath Ts dangerous with Northerly winds, wlucn, on all the British Coasts and Ifies, blow very Violently, and come on with.efs warning to Mariners than any other

Of the Murray Firth.

All the misfortunes which I have herein mentioned, and many more which I cannot enumerate, might be prevented, it a Canal for large Ships were cut, as is proposed, between luverneis and fort William. Great pains has of late years been taken to prevent 1 ebon the dangerous Coast of the Pentland Firth, by erecting Lighthoulcs on the dillierent Ifies; theft* are extremely useful in clear weather, not only for the saving of Ships, but also for ailifting them in making quick passages; yet, in the winter, the lights in vain are looked out for on a Coalt where thick weather so much abound^ till at last the Ships are entangled amongst the Ifies, and frequently run on Ihore, which is particularly' owdng to the lTn ill space they have to make the laud in, viz. between South Ranaldlha and Duncan’s Bav Head. How different would it be if they had only to keep near the Mid-channel, between the Orkney Ifies and Ruclianess, as then, in an extent of eight miles, they might be almost certain to avoid every danger, unless their reckoning were very bad indeed; in that caie it might iometimes, but would rarely occur; for in storms they might dritt from lienee to the E. and E. S. E. from abreast of the Orkneys and Buchaness as high as Cromarty; and even should it then be io thick as to prevent them from making the land, which would seldom happen so high up the Murray Firth, even large Ships when they

drove

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1023

drove into ftioal water might anchor safely, as it is all good anchoring ground across from the Souters of Cromarty to Findhorn and Brough Head, and from 16 and 12 fathoms gradually flioaling to Fort George. But this is supposing the very worse cases, for, after Ships judge themselves as high up as Nofs I lead and Kinnairds Head, with the winds inclining from either of those ihores, they might make a push to make Jhe land on a bold Ihore of considerable extent; From Nofs Head to the entrance of Tain Firth, on the North Ihore, an extent of 30 miles, and from Kinnairds Head to Scarr Nofs, on the South shore, 40 miles, and within the Murray Firth, above Scarr Nofs, there are regular soundings, all along Spey Bay to Stotlield Head; and all the way along the South Ihore to Findhorn, except abreast of Coulie Scar, where is the only impediment, and with the wind inclining from the South land, it is hardly possible to get so high up without making the Ihore. Should the wind he from the North shore, the land is lo high that it will always he ieen before you get lb high as l ain Firth. ITie Mouth of this Firth is 01 considerable extent, and the land abreast of it cannot be made in hazy weather; but, getting puft its Mouth, the Ihore is high and bold, and from the Welt lide of lain Firth, or Tarbet Nefs, all along to Cromarty, and up to Cha-aery Point, opposite to Fort George; indeed, except aibout the Three Kings, which is a well known rocky llioal, about three quarters of a mile off the Fall Souler of Cromarty, a Ship m?ty keep within a cable and a half olf the land, all along this Ihore; at Fort George there is linooth water and lately. If the Canal w ere cut to Fort William, as it is chielly on a S. W. line per true meridian compass, it would greatly facilitate the navigation of all Ships bound on theie Passages; as one wind would lerve them all the way from Fort George to Fort William, where the fails could be used; and here gales of W. and N.W. winds, winch lo much obihuct the navigation from Orkneys to Cape Wrath, could hardly ever retard them much, unless it blew lo hard as that Ships could not move from their moorings: lor this Inland hilly country, the strong W. and N. W. wrinds that impede the navigation from Orkneys to Cape Wrath will be little felt; and betides, a N. W. wind would here be fair, the course being as aloreihid S.W, Lastly, the distance from the w!eftenmiolt entrance at Fort il-liam to the Irnh Coast, the Hebrides, Clyde Firth, Saint Georges Channel, and out of the Atlantic Ocean, is not greater than a Ship might run with a fair wind in one winter's day. Here also you have ■what was always held the greatest advantage for Shipping that the Highlands of Scotland possessed, the opportunity of taking ft id ter every night in the numerous Harbours on that part of the Coalt; the necel-fiiy of doing which will however be, in a great measur, fortunately ibjjerfeded by the proposetl Canal; for, although thcl’e Harbours were of the greatest use in affording ihelter during the long winter nights, when it w'as dangerous for Vessels to go outside of the Hebrides, yet the delay occasioned was very great. If the expence, incurred by detention here and in the Orkneys, were added to that in the Downs, and to the lois of cables and anchors there, the whole would be found to amount to a very considerable sum; this, as well as a very large proportion of the lolles of Property and Lives, would, in all probability he laved by the intended Inland Navigation; which will also ultimately give to Merchants trading from the East Coast of Great Britain to the West Indies, America, and Africa, &c. advantages equal to w hat have been long enjoyed by the Merchants at Liverpool, Bristol, and Glasgow.

THIRD APPENDIX.

Examination of Captains Dowxie and Gwynn.

WIIAT will be saved by Insurance per-Cent. by the intended Navigation?—We should suppose that upon those voyages in which an option would be afforded of passing by the Pentland Firth, or going through the proposed Canal Navigation, the saving in Insurance might amount to nearly Eight Shillings per-Cent. in l’umnier, and from Two to Three Pounds per-Cent. in winter, in favour of the Canal Navigation. This opinion is formed by persons of experience, with whom we have converged, and coincides with our own opinion, as far as we can judge ufion a subject of this nature.

Can you form any probable conjecture of the number of Vesseli which in a year pais through the Peiltland Firth and the Orkney Islands?—In this it is impossible to be accurate, but we should suppose about eight hundred, forming our opinion from the number of ioftes that have been ascertained to have happened in the course of the three lall years; and the general average rate of Insurance, allowing for the larger proportion which may be liipposed to make their voyages during the fuinmer season, as follows; dividing the Premiums of Insurance for the year into winter and lummer, in Peace, the tlrft may be reckoned at about Six Pounds per-Cent. and the latter at One Pound Ten Shillings; and allowing two-thirds of the Vessels to pass in sum-mer, the calculation will stand thus:

Two Vessels, at Thirty Shillings per-Cent. Premium, £. 3 — — One D® - at Six Pounds - - D° — D° - - 6-----

£■9 —

Which sum divided by three, gives Three Pounds as the average Insurance for the year, or suppoles the jollcs, upon a balance, not to exceed one in thirty-three; to which, if 'Fen per-Cent. be added as the profit of the Underwriters, it will give about one in thirty-seven as the nearest probable proportion; then multiplying 37 by 27, the number of annual lolies for the last three years, the total will be 999; and making a large allowance for other possible errors in the calculation, and suppoiing that these lolles may have exceeded the general average, we think the number passing may fairly be estimated at about 800 fail.

What do you think is the average tonnage of those 800 Vessels?— We should imagine it might be taken at 1S0 tons. The burthen of the Baltic Vessels would probably be twice as much, or perhaps more; but the superior number of the Coasting and fiualler Vessels, most of which do not exceed 100 tons, and foirie as low as 50, mud also bo taken into consideration.

What judgment can you form of the average value of these 800 Vessels?—We estimate the Ships and Cargoes at about £.4,000,000.

What will be the expence of navigating a Veil’d of 100 tons in the North Seas ?—About Forty Shillings per diern.

(N° 30

2*d June 1S03. Air. Grant reports to the Committee, That he, yesterday,* saw Captain Macalifter, who at present relides in London, but is a native of the lile of Sky, and a man of unqueliioiiable character* from whom lie learnt the following information:—That he, Captain Macalifter, had just received from Mr. Macdonald, of Scalpa, a friend of his in the lile of Skv, w ho is known to Mr. Grant as a man of probity and veracity, a letter, which, having occasion to w’rite to a Brother in India, he had forwarded to him; wherein it was Hated, that numbers of Highlanders, who were on the wing to emigrate, had been prevented from doing so by the eflett already fell of the Act regulating the paddle of Emigrants, which is to take place on the first of July; and who, as they had on the other hand, in pursuance of that design, diverted themselves of whatever occupations or situations they before held in the country* were now totally without employment or means of fubliltenee, which reduced most of them to a ft ate. of beggary, and many to go in search of employment wherever they could tind it in the South country.

Captain Macalifter added, that he had received, three days ago, a letter from the lame Gentleman, which ftuted that, 44 On account of the total failure of the last harvelt in the Wellern Hies, 10,000 bolls of low country oatmeal have been already imported and consumed in Sky alone; and ;,oooo bolls more liiuft be consumed before the present crop gives relief."

These circumstances greatly corroborate the other reasons, which make it important that employment should be immediately found for the fullering People of that quarter.

Examination of Captain M. Dow'nib.

The advantages that a Bason (or what is otherwise called a Wet Dock) gives to Shipping are very great:—First, because they lie secured from the damage they otherwise would be ex poled to by strain-ing when lying a-ground, and by running or getting foul of each other, either from the trrength of the tide or from the violence of the wind . and, Secondly, because a great expence is saved in the articles of an-

chors, cables, and other ground tackling, for in a Bason no anchor* are required; and also much Id’s llrcngth, and expence of cables and other ropes for securing the Ships are required, than would be if they wrere ex poled to the tides and wands. And, besides all theie advantages, the lying dole to the shore where the Ship’s Company and goods may be readily landed or got on board, is of itself a very great convenience; and there is no doubt but that these and limilar considerations have caused the construriion of so many Baiuns or Wet Docks about London, in Liverpool, and in other places.

From Batons of this description being most beneficial where the greatest resort of Shipping is, the Baloii at the Ealrern Junction of the Caledonian Canal will, no doubt, be of more immediate service than the Bason at the Weltern Junction, because of the greater resort of Shipping there, although (here is not the least doubt but that the latter Bason will also be of considerable advantage.

Where a Canal joins the rile and fall of the tide, it is well known that the outer gates cannot be open for Ships to pass except at high water, and as the time then will not exceed an hour or tw?o, the Ship* without (if many) would crowd in whilo the gates are open, so that it is absolutely necessary to have a Bason to receive them; from whence they may proceed in rotation through the other Locks and the Canal. Upon the other hand, Ships coining through the Canal must have a Bason in which they may lie, and wait for high" veater to let them out through the outer gate. If from contrary winds blowing strong, or from other circumstances, the Ships are prevented from getting to sea through the outer gate, the assemblage of Ships in the Bason may probably become great, particularly if the stoppage continues for iome days; so that where so great a number of Shipping may he expected to pass, the Batons at each end of the Caledonian Canal ought to be very capacious. \r>

Append (No. 5!

Appendix

A. 1803

1024

ppendix, ^No. 54.)

[4* Junii,

continued.

—-----;

Examination of Captain John Rey, of Inverness.

TIas been 35 years at sea, above 20 of which he has commanded different Vessels, both in the Foreign and Coasting Trade, and at this time the Buxar, trading betwixt London and Inverness, which fttu-ation he has held for the last thirteen years.

He is a native of that Country, and well acquainted with the place Vhere the entry to the proposed Inland Navigation is deligned.

He is of opinion, that a Bason there will be of great service to "Shipping, because they will lie there secure from winds and tides, and by being conl'tantly afloat, will avoid the damages which other-wile they would be liable to, either by riding at anchor or lying a-ground.

A Bason of 20 feet would likewise encourage Ships of greater burthen and draught of water to frequent that place, than can at present be admitted into the Harbour at Inverness, on account of its small depth of water, having only from eight feet at neap tides, and only thirteen feet at spring tides; by this means great inconveniencies would be avoided which now arile from the force of the lliver Nefs (which passes through the Harbour) especially when it is swelled by heavy rains.

Captain Gwystn having heard Captain Rev’s Evidence, with which he perfectly coincides, and being well acquainted with the local situation of the entry into the proposed Inland Navigation, has not a doubt that a Bason there would be of the greatest utility to Shipping, for the reasons that Captain Rey has assigned; and knows,

from the situation of the ground, that lies remarkably low, that such a Bason would he eafdy accomplished.

With respect to the Bason at Fort William, the Weftein extremity of the intended Canal, he knows that it must be of the greatest advantage to Shipping, there being now no Harbour or Quay whatever; sometimes Ships of 4 or 500 tons burthen frequent that Fort; the large Vessels are obliged to load and unload by Boat, and. the small ones to lie on the Beach, and load and unload at low water.

These circumstances produce great expence and delay, and all these inconveniencies will be removed by the proposed Bason, which will admit Ships of any burthen.

These Batons will not only be absolutely necoflkry when the Inland Navigation is opened and completed, but will, during the execution of that work, have the mofl fulutary effects, not only m accommodating the Shipping, but in giving immediate employment to a great number of poor People, who, from want of the means of fubiUtence, are liable to the delusive arts of those who persuade them to emigrate. Great numbers are already gone., and many more are now waiting the ifl'ue of the proposed Canal, Roads, and Bridges; from these works that employment may realbnably he expected which will prderve a valuable race of People at home,

lie has not learnt that this danger of Emigration fuhfifts to an alarming degree from vague report; but by letters from Gentlemen of respectability, resident in the district through which the intended Navigation is to be carried, and where the greater part of the People propoiing to emigrate reflde.

FOURTH REPORT.

20* Junii.

t

The COMMITTEE, to whom the " Survey and Report of u the Coasts and Central Highlands of Scotland, made by the " Command of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners u of His Majesty’s Treasury, in the Autumn of 180-2," is referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House;—

HAVING considered in their Three former Reports, what relates to Emigration, to Roads and Bridges, and to the forming an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea in the Northern part of this Island, have proceeded to that part of the Survey which regards Naval Stations upon the East Coast of Scotland, and that part which relates to the Fisheries.

Upon the subject of the Naval Stations, Your Committee have examined sundry Officers of I lis Majesty’s Navy, who have a thorough knowledge of tins Coast, and who have been ltationed there in Ships of War; they have likewise examined several experienced Shipmafters, conversant with the East Coast of Scotland, and the North Seas, whose Pividence may be found in the Appendix annexed to this Report.

It appears to Your Committee, that there is no place upon the Eastern Coast of Scotland where Ships of War can ride at anchor, except in Leith Road, and the Bay of Cromarty; though small Frigates may have good shelter in the Harbour of Fort George.

In Leitli Road the Ships are exposed to a heavy swell of the Sea, and the anchoring ground is at a considerable distance from the shore.

The Bay of Cromarty is less exposed, and, from its vicinity to the Baltic, is a 1 eligible Naval Station; it seems to possess many local advantages; it is easy of accels, of great extent, with excellent anchoring ground near to the shore, a moderate though sufficient depth of water, and it is perfectly secure from every wind; there is a fufliciency of fresh water for supplying any number of Ships, and there is a small but commodious artificial Pier Harbour for the protection of Boats and small Craft; so that for the perfect accommodation of a Squadron, or even a Fleet, there seems to be nothing wanting but Storchouses upon the shore.

At the extremity of the proposed Inland Navigation, Fort George can conveniently receive Merchantmen of all descriptions; from whence mull ariie an additional advantage to the Bay of Cromarty, an Harbour particularly well calculated for facilitating Convoys, pro-# testing the Coafis, and annoying an Enemy in those Seas. Your Committee arc aware of one objection to this Harbour; for in Easterly winds Vessels may be embayed; but Easterly winds prevail here only about three months in the year, and from the excellent Navigation of the Murray Frith, and the advantages to be derived from the nature of the tides which prevail there, it appears, by the evidence of sundry Officers of the Royal Navy, who have had frequent experience of this Frith in Ships of War, that large Vessels will not he more than forty-eight hours, in any case, often not more than thirty, in heating from Cromarty Harbour to clear Kinnaird’s Head, a distance of about twenty leagues, ugainst a strong contrary wind; and when past Kinnaiid’s Head, they will he in the main Sea.

Aberdeen, fituuted about half way between the Roadsteads of Leith

and Cromarty, upon a very bold part of the Coast, would prove of great importance as a llation for Frigates and Sloops of War; and it appears, that the Harbour may he rendered capable of receiving and keeping afloat Vessels of eighteen and twenty feet draught of water; hut the funds of the City, already appropriated to the Improvement of this Harbour, are infuflieient for so great a work unlel’s supporled by Public Aid.

From Aberdeen, and the other Ports, on the high and projecting Coast of this County, a communication might be kept up with Leith and Cromarty, by means of Signals or a Telegraph; for which purpose the form of the Country is well adapted.

Although Your Committee can recommend no Naval Station North of Cromarty, yet, on considering that part of Mr. Telfords Report, which relates to the encouragement and extension of the Fisheries, they are of opinion that the Harbour of Wirk, in the County of Caith-ness, on the South fide of the Pentland Frith, on a projecting part of the Coast, is very advantageoully fiiuated for carrying on the Boat and Deep-lea Fishing, and is a place where Dutch Fiftiermen, if properly encouraged, are likely to resort, and form a settlement. It is now regularly and constantly frequented by Fishing Vessels; but the unprotected state of the Harbour, and the want of all conveniencies for sorting and curing Fish, mult prevent the Boat and Deep-sea Fishing from being prulecuted with vigour and cried. From sundry Surveys and Estimatcs which have been laid before Your Committee, it appears, that it is very practicable to construd a Harbour at Wick, sufficient for the protection of Fishing Busses, and such Coasting Vessels as draw no more than twelve feet of water. From an Estimate nude by Mr. Rennie in the year 1793, it appears, that the Expence ofcon-struding a Harbour would amount to £. 14,441. 9*. But from the Survey, Plan, and Estimate, of Mr. Telford, in the year 1801, it appears that a Harbour may he construded in a more ccconomical manner, in separate parts, at an expence which, being proportioned to the extent oi the Work, will not exceed the respective Turns of £.5,890. or £.9,745. or£. 1-2,685; and that for the lealt of these sums a commodious and well-protedi d Tide-Bason may be formed, which will contain about two hundred Bufl'es; Your Committee therefore are of opinion, that it will be most prudent and advisable to begin upon the smallest icale, and to complete the first part ot Mr. Telford’s Plan with all convenient dispatch; but for this purpose only a small proportion of the money can be expended this year, and that chiefly in preparing materials for the Spring and eniuing Summer.

\ our Committee need not enlarge upon the great importance of the Fisheries in Scotland, affording sustenance as well as employment to the Inhabitants, and supplying our Navy with active and hardy Seamen; but they are deeply impressed with the obstructions to the progress and improvement of this great National object, arising from the Duties upon Salt, and from the Laws enforcing those Duties; and they are convinced of the essential advantages which mult reiult from their total repeal or commutation; they do not, however, in the present conjuncture of Affairs, think it advisable to enter further into this subject, earnestly hoping that the time will come when a measure, so highly salutary and bencticial, may with propriety be adopted’ in its full extent.

The Harbours, Roads, and Bridges, described in that part of tht

Report

43 Geo. III.

Appendix;

Report which comprehends the Couft from Carlisle to Port Patrick, although highly worthy of attention, do not lean to Your Committee so urgent in point of tune ns the objects they have recommended; they have therefore foreborne to examine evidence, or enter into the detail of these subjects.

Your Committee are aware, that, in the present Session of Parliament, no Expence should he incurred which is not immediately conducive to our National Defence, or efential to tliai internal Improvement which is the great source of our riches and of our real ltmigth. Upon this principle, Your Committee have not recommended in this, or their three former Reports, any measure from whence the linalleft additional burthen will be thrown upon the Public, unless with a view to prevent that Emigration which will deprive the Country of fume of its hardiest and braved Protectors, who have diitiimuished themselves moil con'picuoufiy by Sr a and Laud; or with a view to improve that Commerce, which will in a short time most amply repay, by the operations of Finance, the peamiaiy afiidance which Your Committee have, from the Evidence before them, thought it their duty to ad vile.

ATP E N D I X.

Appendix, No. j.

Mr. Telford* Report of Cromarty, made to the Lords of the

Treul'ury in lS’oi.

A few miles Eafrwnrd, on the oppofiu. lhorc to Fort Georg*, and on the North-welt licie el liu* Murray i irth, in s the Way ol Cnun.iity. Its general dilution is iwmly-oue leagues from KimiairdN Lean, live from Burgh Head, three from Naha, three from Jv' i Vu-mge, and four from Tarbet Nets.

The (bores on both tides of the entrance, V'citwa/d, and opposite Tort George, and E a ft ward towards Tarbet Neis, are high and bold. The two Heads called The Sutors, winch form the entrance, appear to be about 500 feet in height; they are completely covered with Plantations of Fir to within a little of the water's edge; here the rocks form continued precipices, being sometimes penetrated with caverns, and in other places Ikirted with large fragments that have tumbled down from the upper parts.

From the Murray Firth the entrance into the Bay appears a great gup or opening in the long and lofty ridge; it is about a mile in width, and continues that width to opposite the Town; it there widens considerably, and gradually forms a Loch, stretching olf Westwards for about five miles, to the Ferry at Invergordon. T lie Loch is again contracted in width, but it immediately opens wider again for five or six miles further up, and then contracts towards Dingwall and the Mouth of the River Conon. On the South-well fide the track, which is called '1 he Black I fie continues of a eoniiderable height, but Hopes gently towards the Bay all the way opposite to Dingwall. The Town of Cromarty hands on a triangular point of low ground, a little within the South-weft Sutor. From the Sutor to the 1 own ihe ibore is first rocky, then covered with loose ft cues, and near to and at the Town is gravelly,/helving gently towards the noddle of the Channel. About the Town the /bores are gravriiy and Hat all the way to the Ferry at Invergordon.

On the North-rail fide, the High Land, the head of which forms the other Sutor, does not continue towards lh? Buy, but is immediately Succeeded determined by Hat lai.dy ground, and a Hu re of the fame nature, which extends several miles in a North direction, and up the Bay towards Invergordon; this /‘pace is covered at high vmGr, but is dry at low water, and is called the Sands of Nig. The Country rises greatly from the North-weft (bore to the did;.rice of about three or four miles, where it reaches the base of lolty Mountains of various forms; the whole of this Hoping Country, between the Bay and the Mountains, is occupied by a continued fucceHion of Gentlemen's feats. T he Lands are in some parts highly cultivated, and mixed with plantations of Firs, which in several places extend over the tups of very high Jiills. The River Conon occupies the upper end of the Valley, and the woody (loping Domains of Braun Cable form a proper termination at this extremity. ri he Bay or Loch of Cromarty, winch is upwards of twenty miles in length in the foreground, the Hoping improved didricT on its Northern margin, and the bold and rugged Mountains closing the back ground, diipiay a lceneof uncommon beauty and grandeur.

I commenced my Survey without the Sutors, and earned it along (bore, about two miles above the Town; I coimdcred tins didance as sufficient for the purposes of my general Plan, and I had not time to go further. 'Jhree more miles are made out from the belt iurvevs which 1 could procure; I was favoured with a very correct one from Mr. Macleod of Geanis, the Sheriff of Rod.

The Chart which I have made will fiiew the particulars of the Entrance Channel, the Bay, the Soundings, Shores, Town, and Harbour.

permit. There are from- five to nine fathoms of water upon it; in rough weather the feu breaks upon it. W here the point of the South-weft Sutor is brought to bear upon the Gaelic Chapel, there are from eleven to thirteen fathoms. As the Sutor opens upon the Council House and Mr. Forfyth’s House, the channel deepens gradually into fourteen or fifteen fathoms. In a line immediately between the Sutors, within a cable’s length of each Sutor, there are eight fathoms; in the middle, twenty-nine fathoms. In the Middle Channel, a little way within the Sutors, are thirty-two fathoms; half-way up, twenty-two and a half; opposite the Town, twenty-five fathoms; near the Shore, fourteen; near S. Shore, 1 J; above the Harbour, where i in all Veflidfc come to anchor towards the South fide, 4 - - to 5 fathoms; across the Bay, at a mile above the Harbour, on the South fidej 5 fathoms, in the middle 7]; on a line between the Ferry at Croniarty and Invergorden, 13 fathoms; between the North Ferry at Cromarty and the Fir Plantations near Invergordon, 4^ and 4; the Sands of Nig proceed to the North of this line: the whole Bay is a folt Hue clay, quite clear and fife.

rl he Harbour, which confifrs of two Piers and a Breakwater, is laid down on a large fealc, and docs not, I apprehend, require any further explanation. The Town is also laid down pretty correctly.

The ordinary Spring Tides rife from 14 to 15 feet; the highed Tides are three days after still and change; Spring Tides run about three miles an hour; all the Spring season, E. and S. E. winds are most common from May till November; if the weather is feaicnable, \V. and S. VV. winds prevail.

If the wind is anyway to the W. of North, it blows cut of ‘he _ mouth of the lki\; from N. anu by \V. to S. and by W. it all’o blows out; from South to N. and by E. it Hows in.

'I he advantages of this Bay me r.mveriuliy admitted; the entrance is conspiciious, the water is deep, the Channel is sufficiently wide, and the Bay is capacious, and perfectly safe. The only object‘on which t have heard alledged is, its being deeply embayed within the Head Lands of Caitliness and BuchanneL. 1 lie determination of this point must be refeircd to able and experienced Seamen: it is a subject deserving of the moil earful inveltigation, becaulc, independent of this circumstance, it is an object of the highed importance.

’ The rocks which form the Sutors are not Irratified, but lumpi/li, and seemingly shaken by convul/ions: about the Town of Cromarty* Freefione comes in along the /bore; it is seen about a mile above the Town, in the galleys by the Rivulets; and in one place it has been quarried close to the Hiore. It is of a rtddish colour, arid dips to the N. nearly.

From Cromarty to fcinnaird’9 Head, the difiance is about twenty-one leagues; from Cromarty to Duncan’s Bay Head, about twenty-two leagues; from Duncan’s Bay Head to Kinnaird's Head, about twenty-three leagues, forming nearly an equilateral triangle.

Append!] (No, 52

20° JiniL

continual.

Appendix, No. 2.

Examination of James Dunbar, Esq. a Poll Captain in the Royal X avy.

I am a native of Nairn, a Town upon the Murray Firth; have Copt. Dunbar, boon *21 years in the Navy, 20 vcar3 of which I was in actual service upon the Home and Foreign Stations. I latterly commanded the Driver (loop of War in the North Sea, for nearly four years, and a great part of that time on the Eali Coali of Scotland.

Ships of War, at present, frequent Leith Road as a Roadfread, and Cromarty as a safe Harbour: Leith may he termed a good open Roadftcad, where Ships of War can lie conveniently at anchor, bits not perfectly secure from all winds; because when it blows hard from the lea ft, a very heavy Sea makes the Ships ride very hard; and in the time of Peace, when the nature of the Service will admit of it; they, for their better security, run up about seven miles to Inverkeithing Bay: but that can only be done by final 1 Frigates, and in the daytime. Leith Road is liable to the fame objections as the Bay of Cromarty as to getting to Sea with the winds Easterly, vet that is not very material, as I have frequently turned down out of Leith Road in the Driver.

I have been six or seven times in the Bay of Cromarty in a Ship of War, and am of opinion, it is the belt and safest Harbour I ever frequented, not excepting Milford Haven, because it is easy of access,

and may be entered in a dark night: the anchorage is perfectly good, a moderate depth of water, and lb cure from all winds; the Ships lie at a very convenient diitanre from the Hiore, more so than in Leith Road; there is plenty of good water from a large dream immediately opposite to the bell anchorage; and I saw this ltream in a remarkably dry Summer; there is nothing wanting to render Cromarty a perfect Naval Ration, excepting Storehouses. It is fntficiently spacioua to contain the Grand Fleet of England, and is particularly calculated for a Naval Station, being so much nearer the Baltic than any of the King's Ports; by this means great charges and dangers would be avoided, which occur in puriuing the further voyage to Chatham,

From without the North east Sutor there is a bank of small gravel, 'Portsmouth, and Plymouth. If Ships of War were Rationed at %htck runs out a eoniiderable way in a direction pointing a little to the Cromarty, there would he from that part of the IHand a great l'upply

Weft cf Eindorn; I have laid it down as currently, as my time would to His Majesty's Navy of hardy Men aceudumed to the sea,

V<"" iS' ' I cf-giftzed by

1026

Appendix,

A. 1803.

Appendix*

No. (52.) 10° Junii, continued.

Capt. Dovnie.

With respect to getting to sea from Cromarty with ah Easterly wind, which only prevails for about three months in the year* and is the worst possible, if the winds and weather were such as to permit me to carry such fail as would prevent my coming into Port were I at sea, I think a well-appointed Ship, taking advantage of the tides, ought to clear Kinnaird's Head and get into the open sea in about 36 hours at mod: there is not the lead difficulty in working in or out of the Harbour with a contrary wind: and taking advantage of the tides, it may be done with a good failing vessel in about an hour.

A Man of War, with a fresh breeze and a fair wind, from the time of getting under way, would clear Kinnaird’s Head in about eight hours.

Westerly winds prevail mostly for about nine months in the year; but I do not consider (light sea breezes in summer, although they come in an Easterly direction, as East winds, because they are at an end at fun-let, and then a Westerly breeze gets up. Easterly winds let in about February or March, according to the seal’on, and end generally in May or June: but there are occasionally Easterly winds in Winter.

There is a small artificial Pier Harbour at Cromarty, where Vessels of 10 or 12 feet draft of water, that can take the ground, can deliver or receive their cargoes, and where hnall Vessels, m heavy gales of wind from the Westward, put in to avoid a (hurt sea in the Road-stead, which does not acted large Vessels.

Ships coming from the Baltic, especially Ships appointed to conduct Convoys, ftcer far to the Westward to avoid Juts Reel, and that dangerous fiiore, which obliges them to approach towards Bucchan-ness.

Off Fort George there is an anchorage or Roadstead for Merchantmen, which I know to be sufficient for small Frigates, and consider as equally secure with Leith Road, but by no means to be compared with Cromarty.

I have been at Aberdeen, and seen the Harbour, and am of opinion, that if it could be made to have 20 feet of water on the Bar, and so as to prevent Men of War taking ground, it would be a convenient Port to refit a Frigate; that conveniency chiefly ariles from the Ship being in the opeu sea immediately on her leaving the Harbour. I am also of opinion, that Aberdeen possesses such advantages that a Frigate or smaller Ships of War coulcfbe repaired there fully as cheap, if not cheaper, than at any Port at which Men of War are now repaired.

With respect to the Navigation of the Pentland Firth, I have ever considered it very dangerous, from the rapid tides and thick fogs which prevail there. The fame objections hold good with respect to the Navigation round any part of the Orkney or Shetland I (lands, though not to such a degree. In carrying Men of War round the North of Scotland, I would pass between Orkney and Shetland Islands; but rather than navigate the Pentland Firth, I would prefer going round to the North of the Shetland Islands.

A Naval station at Cromarty, and consequently thofefeas becoming more frequented by His Majesty’s Ships, would, in a great measure, be the means of preventing depredations upon the Revenue.

There can be no difficulty of holding a communication along the East Coast of Scotland as far as Cromarty, by means of Signals or Telegraphs.

Appendix, No. 3.

Examination of Capt. Muitno Downie, a Master in the Navy, and now resident in Aberdeen.

I was bred to the sea, first in the Merchant Service, and then in His Majesty's Navy. I was ten years in the former, and 24 years in the latter, twenty years of which I was Master of a Man of War of different rates, from 24 guns to 98, and am found qualified by the Trinity House for the charge of a first-rate. I was two years and a half in a Merchant Ship, employed in the Fishing upon the West Coast of Scotland; and was three years stationed upon the East Coast, in the Champion Frigate, during which three years I made a survey of that Coast from Duneanfby Head, at the South entry of the Pentland Firth, to Holy 111 and and the Staples upon the Coast of Northumberland. I presented the charts of that survey to the Lords of the Admiralty, which were so far approved by them as to be published by their permission. The Ports or Harbours 011 the East Coast of Scotland now used as Naval stations, are Leith Roads and Cromarty Harbour. Aberdeen, with improvements, may be used as another Naval station; and Fort George would also be very convenient as a Harbour for the Caledonian Canal, when it is executed; but of these four, Cromarty is by far the bed and most capacious Harbour, it being equal to any, and superior to most Harbours that I have seen in any part of the world; it is easy of access, perfectly secure, of a moderate depth of water, has good anchorage, and will contain all the King’s Navy.

Leith Roads are very good as a Roadstead, but not so safe as Cromarty, on account of its exposure to the swell of the ocean with an Easterly wind, and the Ships in it not lying so convenient for the shore. Aberdeen, with improvements, might be made a good Harbour, to contain Ships of 18 or 20 feet draught of water. It is not embayed, and lies central between Leith and Cromarty, by which

circumstances it is a favourable t position for the protection of the Coast. With respect to Fort George, 1 am not so w *ll acquainted with it as I am with the other Harbours; it is a good Harbour for small Ships of War, and for Merchant Ships of all descriptions; but its vicinity to the excellent Harbour of CVomarty makes it lets necessary to be used by Ships of War. With respect to improving those several stations^ I do not know that any improvement can be added to Leith as a Roadstead; As to Aberdeen, it may be improved by its Entry or Bar being carried farther out, by confirming Piers, which, by confining the stream, would deepen the Harbour; as a proof of which, the great Flood of September 1709 waffled away the Bar, and lo deepened the bed, that in the great florin of January 1800 following,

1 saw a brig of three or four hundred tons arrive in perfect safety within the Harbour when it did not want an hour of low water. Further, a Tide Lock may be eroded within the Harbour for keeping Ships afloat at low water. I have considered Mr. Telford's Plan for these Improvements, and think it is practicable, and will make the Harbour fit to receive Frigates. I quite approve of that Plan. Fort George is now a good and safe Roadstead for Merchant Ships and Frigates, but from its little depth of water it cannot be made a Harbour lor large Ships of War; I have therefore nothing to suggest for its further improvement. Cromaity is already so perfad a Harbour in all material respects, that it needs nothing to make it a most commodious resort for Ships of every description, great and small, unless it be conveniences for holding itores, and for Ships watering; the last of which is to be had upon the South (bore of the Harbour, about two miles Well from the town, nearly oppotite the anchorage, and within half a mile of it, w here there is a stream sufficient to water any Fleet. It was there where Ships usually watered when I visited the place, and the water was laid in by rolling calks to the stream; but with very little trouble, the water, by means of a hole, might be conducted immediately into the boats. The stream laid to be discovered by Mr. Kofi, was not known so as to be frequented by Ships when I made my survey.

This Harbour, and that of Fort George, from their situatioti, must naturally become connected with the Caledonian Canal, if that should be accomplished; so that the Harbours and the Canal will mutually enhance the value of each other. Vessels coming from Ireland, and from the Weft of England and Scotland by the Canal, bound for the Baltic, might rendezvous in the Harbour of Fort George, where they would be convenient to receive the prote&ion of convoy lying in Cromarty; and in like manner, Ships coming from the Eastward would be perfectly safe in Fort George Harbour, and be ready to be carried in by the tide into the Canal, and by making Cromarty a Naval station, that whole Coast would be protected, as well as afford the bell means of annoying an Enemy in those seas.

A Man of War, taking the advantage of the tide, would beat from Cromarty Harbour against the wind to Kinnaird’s Head in 30 or 36 hours; the course of the tide there would help them much, because the ebb tide along the North Ihore of the Murray Firth sets to tflo Eastward, and the flood tide along the South Ihore sets also to the Eastward; therefore a Ship might always turn to windward along the Ihore where the tide was favourable.

I am fully of opinion that a communication may be kept up between Aberdeen, Peterhead, Fraserburgh, and fro 111 thence to Cromarty, by means of Signals or Telegraphs, as the furl ace of the ground is particularly well formed for that pur pole.

Appendix, No. 4.

Examination of Captain Mark Gw ySx, of the Government Galley, employed on Loch Nets.

I know the Navigation of the Murray Firth, and have been in most of the Harbours on both lides of it, particularly the Buy of Cromarty, which is the most commodious and safe Harbour that I have ever leen; and of such extent, that I think there w ould be no difficulty in mooring the Navy of Great Britain in it, where they would be in perfecliafety, llieltered from winds in every point of the com pass. I know it will be of the greatest importance to Ships passing both from the Westward to the Eatiward, and from the Eallward to the Westward, through the Caledonian Canal; because they can lie there in perfect security, and get in and out by the help of the tide with any wind; and I coincide in opinion with Mr. Downie, that it would be a proper station for Ships of War to rendezvous. I have also^een at Aberdeen; but am not sufficiently acquainted with it to say more, than that 1 think if the Harbour could be deepened to receive Frigates, it would be a proper station for Frigates, and would form a communication betwixt Cromarty and Leith Roads, with which I am well acquainted.

I know the Channel from Cromarty to Inverness, which is suffi* cienlly deep for any Ship that can go through the Inland Navigation; and they will find good anchorage in Cambletown Bay, as also in the entrance into Minlochy Bay, and all the way up to Kefiock Point, when, if the tide does not answer at their arrival to be admitted into the Canal, they can moor to the first Chain.

I have no doubt but a good-failing Frigate might work to windward

from

3.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1027

y

-y

from Cromarty to Kinnaird’s Head in 36 hours, as mentioned by Mr. Downie, but am convinced that it would take a longer time to Merchantmen (suppose from 48 to 55 hours) which mud, however, necefia-rily depend not only on the force of the wind, and the Ship's going, but also on the swell which in general, with a lreih gale from the Eait-ward, is high in that Firth.

Appendix, No. 5.

Mr. Telford's Report of Aberdeen, made to the Lords of the Trea-

fuiy in 1801.

Aberdeen does not project so far into the North Sea as Peterhead, though prominent, and considerably more to the Fait than any part of Scotland, which lies to the South of it.

The Rivers Dee and Don, which are the drains of a very considerable extent of Country, fall into the fame Bay, and within two miles of each other. These Rivers have two distinct characters: the River Dee has very little fall for several miles hack into the Country; the tide flows up it for about two miles. The River Don, on the contrary, has a very considerable fall within a short didance of the shore. The advantage of this tall near the mouth of the Don, has induced some enterprizing Men to erect Manufactories of various descriptions upon it, and which are now in a very thriving condition. The old Town of Aberdeen hands near the South Bank of the River Don; the new Town, which is now generally known by the name of Aberdeen, stands on the North fide, and near to the Mouth of the River Dee. It is a place of considerable extent, and said to contain *27,000 Inhabitants.

It has long been noted for the indudry of its Inhabitants; and the convenience of the College, and the cheapness of Education, with the adiduity and abilities of the Profedors, havediffufed a greater portion of information over that Didrict of Scotland than is generally met with, and its ededs have been to promote the general welfare of the place, and render the People respectable and happy.

The Manufacturers and Mechanics are much indebted to Professor Copland, and to the plan which he has so judiciously adopted in his Lectures. He has for many years occupied the Natural Philosophy Chair, with much credit to himsell and advantage to the Public; but ■what renders him more especially useful, is, the course of experimental Philosophy which he gives every second year, and which he diveds of the higher branches of Mathematics, in order to accommodate himself to the comprehension of common Manufacturers and Mechanics. It is incredible of what benefit thele LeCiures have been: every Workman acquires a sufficient degree of information to aid and direct him in his profefTion; and these Workmen again, by their practice and emulation, form a School among themselves, in which the riling Generation is prepared for the LeCiures of this patriotic and respectable Pro-feflor, I mention this, not only as a tribute due to Professor Copland, but produce it as an indance to shew how valuable similar plans might prove, if adopted at other Universities and Seminaries of Learning.

As the Manufacturers of Aberdeen have continued to thrive and increase, so have the Trade and Opulence of the Place; and the Inhabitants have been led to bellow much pains and expence upon this Harbour. From Coleidon, which is about fifteen miles North of Aberdeen, the shore is a loose fund. To the W. of S. at Aberdeen the point of Granite called Girdleness runs out suddenly nearly a mile, and the River Dee runs along the North fide of this Point. The N. E. Winds, which are drong, move the Sands along the shore, from Coleidon and Newburgh, until they are are flopped by the point of Girdleness. They would, no doubt, have filled up the angle of this Bay as far, or nearly so, as the point of Girdlcnels, had it not been for the waters of the Dee; but these waters, especially when augmented by land floods, flow with much force, and have kept open a passage along the N. fide of the Granite Rocks. The Sands continuing to accumulate on the N. fide of the Dee, have formed a point called Sand Nofs. From Sand Nefs for more than a mile up the River, the ground along the River Dee continues so low, that it is covered at high water, and this low land is of considerable width. The course of the River is down the South fide of the low Land, hut in floods it overflows the Banks, and part of it turns down the N. fide of the low Land, being next to the Town, and from thence has formed a crooked Channel to the Point formerly called the Sand Nefs, when it joins the main stream of the River. Upon this Channel, on the North fide, the Town has built Quays, and it is here that VefTRs come in with the tides, and transact their business; the River having but little declivity for a great distance from its mouth, and the :>• *a constantly operating to check its force. The River and the Sea adjusted their boundaries and depths in proportion to their natural forces, but in this way left a Bank across the Mouth of the River called the Bar, and this Bar was raised a little higher, or washed a little lower, According to the relative slate of the florins and tides on one lido, and the Piers in the River on the other. In this slate, there were about fourteen feet of

ten feet at high water; and both these depths were at the very heft slate of the Bar.

As the trade of the Port increased, the number and size of the Vessels iner&tfed also. The want of water on the Bar was found a great inconvenience, and its uncertainty wds a still more serious cause of complaint. In order to remedy these evils, the Town, by the advice of Mr. Smeaton, carried out a Pier froni the point called Sand Nefs, along the North flde of the River, to the extent of about 300 yards. This Pier, by checking and giving a different direction to the waves and funds, and with the wall on the South fide, continuing the force of the River to a greater distance, these two measures proved the means of removing the Bar from the place where it had been formed, and throwing it into deeper water. This valuable improvement gained them from three to four feet of water, and rendered their entrance of a more uniform depth. These improvements were begun in 1770.

In 1778, other improvements were made by the advice of Mr. Smeaton, to prevent the bad efle&s of the inrun of the Sea, which cauled so violent an agitation in the Harbour as to prove inconvenient and dangerous.

The City, finding that the expence of executing these works amounted to mpre than their Funds would defray, have applied to Parliament, and have obtained powers to levy additional Duties to improve the interior part of the Harbour, which still remains very defective.* Very little has hitherto been done towards this interior improvement, and their means are not very great. By a judicious application and great (economy in the management, these Funds which they now have might perhaps improve their Harbour, so far as to accommodate their own Trade, but could not admit of Ships of War, and Vessels of great burthen.

It therefore becomes a question, whether these are the means of acquiring accommodations at Aberdeen on a large scale; whether its general situation is such as to render it a desirable object to acquire those accommodations; and in what mannner, and at what expence, they may be executed.

If I had not considered that the general situation of Aberdeen prami fed to answer public purposes, that there appeared to be means of acquiring the necessary accommodations to a certain degree, I should not have gone so minutely into a description of the place.

The situation, so far from being embayed, is open and bold. It is well situated for the Northern parts of Europe; it is not inconvenient * as a rendezvous for Ships bound to the Baltic, or coming from it; and it is thus convenient, whether in regard to the East Coast of England and Scotland, or if the Inland Navigation should be opened by Inverness and Fort William, to the Western parts of England and Scotland, and the whole of Ireland. It is already a place of considerable Trade, has many conveniences and accommodations; it abounds with enterprizing and well-informed Men; and its being so happily situated between two very considerable Rivers, appears to be an object of very 1 great and Angular importance.

By securing and extending the Pier on the N. fide of the River, adopting a proper plan for managing the tw'o Rivers, the Canals, the Bara, and improving the interior parts of the Harbour, of which, under these circumstances, it is lufceptible to almost any extent, it appears to me that this Harbour might be made for safety and accommodation, equal to any thing that could be required either for the purpose of Government, as far as regards Frigates, or for the general Commerce of the North of Europe.

The space of ground already under the controul of the City is sufficiently extensive, and lies very convenient; and it docs not appear to me, that there would be much interference with private property, any further than has been already projected. The only project which appears in the lealt to interfere is, that the Fisheries upon the River Dee have been disposed of by the City, and are the property of private Persons; but I am convinced, that under a judicious arrangement, the improvements wanted might be obtained without lessening the value of the Fisheries; they might either be purchased by the Public, as they would lose nothing by the bargain, or their value might be guaranteed to the present Proprietors, making good the damage in case of any injury being done; or, if insuperable difficulties arose on this head, the flood water only of the Dee might be taken, and the chief business might be done by means of the River Don, as that River, I understand, has still a sufficient fall for this purpose, after it has answered the purpose of the established Manufactories. It might be carried round by Old Aberdeen, and the land that lies between that and the Harbour, at the Dec, by means of a Canal on a level to suit all the purposes of supplying Lockage, clearing the Docks, and scouring the entrances of the Harbour.

The powers of the waters of these two fine Rivers are equal to any thing. It is a Angular coincidence that they drain so great and rainy a Country, that they join the sea so near to each other, and that the River which is most distant upon the I larbour, retains a considerabla portion of its fall to within a small distance of the sea.

I am authorized to slate, that the City is ready to co-operate with Government as far as their Funds will admit, and toaflift and pro-

Appendi (No. 52 20* J

continued.

A

Water on the Bar at ordinary Spring Tides, ind at low water little | mote any public Improvement, as far as their jurisdj&ioft or influence more than the common run of the Rivers; at Neaps, there were only J* extends.

Appendix, (No 52.) 20° Junity continued.

1028 Appendix: 1803,

It would have required more time than I could command, to ascertain with corredneis the whole of the civcmnihinces necessary to funning the most perfect and udvifable plan, but I have made such calculations as will aiVord your Lordships a general idea of the whole; and I have all'o made drawings of the place, the better to convey my ideas respecting its present liaic, and the proposed Improvements.

The materials here are too well known to require much explanation, the Granite Stone having long been exported in large quantities, and uled in works which required particular strength and durability. In consequence of this, the Quarries have been opened and worked to a considerable extent; blocks of any dimcnlions and form may be lmd from thele Quarries, and they arc ir.exhaustible. The preieiit Quarries lie at the dillance of about three miles to the Westward of the City. Trials have been made on the Granite Rocks which comport} the Girdieness, but they have not hitherto been found to answer. It is possible, that if a trial was made in a proper manner, that a good Quarry might be found there, and it is of consequence from being adjacent to the shore; but this will not be so very material when the Canal is iinished down to the Harbour, as it pLif.es immediately under the present Quarries; and if they were worked upon a proper level, and Iron Railways laid from the Canal into them, for the purpose of conveying the leone into the Canal Barges, the expence not only of the carriage from the Quarries to the Harbour, but likcwite the expence of procuring them in the Quarries, would be consider-.thly diminished.

The character of the Hone, and the demand for it, having iucreartd by (low and imperceptible degrees, few Quarries have yet been opened, and these few, I under and, in very few hands, lb that at present there is a fort of monopoly; but if new Quarries were opened, and Quarries at Peterhead also, there would be a competition, and this useful material would find its proper value; by which means not only the improvements in this quarter, but the public works in various other parts of the Island, would be executed at a much less expence.

ESTIMATE respecting Aberdeen’ 1 Iarbour:

50.000 Cubic Yards of Soil excavated from proposed £.

Lower Bason - - - a’ 6 d. *2,000

50.000 - - D° - - Upper Bason - - - a 1)° - 2,000

Making one Loch at Entrance into Lower Bason — 4,000 Making two Dry or Graving Locks . - - - - 4,000

Making Piers and Gates to divide the Basons - - - 1,500 Making a regulating Weir at the top ----- 2,500 Embankment on South fide - -- - 2,000

A new Wharf Wail, in place of the present Quay,

500 yards long; 4,000 yards faced with old llone, and backed with Bricks - -- - 2,000

L-

20,000

Add, to receive Frigates at High Water, Neap Tides:

Lengthening the Pier one hundred j’arcts - - £. 18,600

Securing the Foundations of the present Pier - - [3,600

Extending the South Pier - -- - 5,000

l)eepening the Entrance between the Piers - - - 3,000

Additional Expence of Lock ----- 2,000

Deepening Lower Bason to receive Frigates - - - 1,500

----- 33>700

53.700

Appendix, No. 6.

Memorial to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the Magistrates of Aberdeen, for themselves, and in the name of the Council and Community of that City.

About thirty years ago, a Plan was obtained from the late Mr. Smeaton, Engineer, for the deepening and general Improvement of the Harbour of Aberdeen, which has since that time been partly carried into execution, particularly by the erection of a Pier into the Sea, to the extent of 1,200 feet on the North fide of the Entry, at an expence of about Thirty Thousand Pounds Sterling, which has been Disburse d solely from the public Funds of the City.

This new Pier has had the eflect proposed by Mr. Smeaton, of producing an additional depth of water at the entry of the Harbour, in proportion to the extent so which it has been carried out. But the Trade and Shipping having greatly increased, it is now proposed to extend the said Pier, for the purpose of obtaining a hill additional depth of water at the entry, as well as to improve the interior (it being at present what is termed a Dry Harbour) by making out and building Wet Docks, where Ships may always ride atloat.

A depth of water, not exceeding fifteen feet, might be sufficient for the Shipping of the Port, for which the Funds that can be raised by the Corporation, it is presumed, may be adequate; but some eminent Engineers, who have lately been employed to draw up Plans lor the further Improvement of the Harbour, have represented it as very practicable* although at a considerable expence, to carry these improve-

ments to a greater extent than is n.ccfiary for the Trade of the Port itself, by obtaining a depth of water oi at lealt twenty feet, which would be funic lent for admitting Frigates, ai;d other fundi Ships of War, as v»*ll as larger Merchant Vehels, and allowing them to he kept alloat within the Harbour.

The want of a Port; on this part of the Court, between the two Firths, having been much felt and complained ut by the Commanders of His Majesty's Ships ami Cruizers Rationed in the North Sea, has luggcfted to the Memoriaiifts the propriety of prefe/iting this Memorial before beginning the operations which they have in view, in case the Lords C'oimniilioners of J iis Mujerty’s Treasury should think the subject of such importance to the Public Service vis to merit their con-iideralion and atliiiance.

At the same time the Memoriaiifts beg leave to add, that the Town of Aberdeen will clice.riully co-operate with Government to the utmok extent which their Funds will admit, in pjomoting a work of so much public and private utility.

They shall only further observe, that Mr. Telford, Engineer, who upon his lute survey of the Fall Coaii of Scotland, had occaucu to visit the Harbour and Port of Aberdeen, will be able to give their LonJship* what farther information on this subject they may require.

(Signed) ja. lJcJdc/i, Prcvurt, Council Chamber, Aberdeen, mui C\ Ji.

28th May 1803.

4 Appendix, No. 7.

Copy of a Report and Enimaui made to the Directors of the firitith 1;ishing Society in 1703, by John Uf.xnie, Civil Engineer,

Wick is situated on the Last Coast of Caithness, at the head of a fiiuill Bay (into which the water of Wick empties itself) very much export'd to the Soulh-ealterly winds, but pretty well dickered from the Northerly. The whole Coart, for some mile* to the South and North of this lhiv, is bold and rocky; and there is no place between the Cromarty and Pentland Firths, and indeed to Seralefter Roads (a range of 120 miles) where a Vefel in dilirefs can take shelter; it is therefore a matter of groat National consequence that a Harbour should be made ibmewhere between these places.

I have examined nearly all this range of Coafr, and I saw' no other place w here so good a Harbour could be made as at Wick; I therefore beg leave to recommend it to tiic Society as a proper ltation lor the Phi 1 cry.

• The lands around are fertile, and well iitualed for the building of a Village, and [applying it with Corn and oilier Provisions. The Town of Wick contains several hundred Inhabitants, has a Church and a School.

A valuable dream of water blues from the Loch of Ilanpriggs, about two miles to the Southward of the Town, and empties itself into Wick water, a little above the Bridge. This dream could eahly be conveyed to any place on the South fide of the Bay, (which is the proper Junction for a Village) and there is a furticient quantity of water not only to supply the Inhabitants, but also to work a Corn Mill ami Woollen Machinery, which might give employment to the Wives and Children of the Settlers, and thereby greatly promole the general welfare oi the ltation.

The fall of this Brook from the Loch to the Bay is about 145 rtrt, and the quantity of waiter about 350 tons per hour, which, with the above fall, is equal to tire power of 56 boric*.

There is at present, properly 1’peaking, no Harbour at Wick; lin* Vessels lie in the Channel of the River, they cannot enter with la!'ay in bad weather, nor are they tolerably dickered when there. A hide below the Town, a Bar has been formed which extends quite acrnls the mouth of the River, in which there is only 13 feet water in the highest springs, and 7 I feet in ordinary neap tides.

In the month of A uguft last, there were 33 lishing Bertels in Hn; Harbour, from 30 to 90 tons burthen each; they hud entered at lac spring tide; the fmulleft lay furlhcft up the River, the larged at t:r* mouth; during the neap tides the large Vessels were aground. utai the small ones being highert up, could not get out, the channel b-ing too narrow to admit of two Vessels passing; during this period a Lu-Ihoal ot herrings came to Dunieath Bay, hut the Vciieis bcir j Ta locked up in the Harbour, they could not get a lurticient. cuaiuay <;i Salt to cure them; more would have been taken had it not UeuCr this circuinrtance. While the Harbour is in Curb a niuation, it cannot be expected that M ick will ever become a great Firtiing nation.

The (hallowiu-fs of the water at the head of the Bay, with the exported htuution oi the mouth of the River, rentiers ;t unjuvifiu.de make the Harbour where the Ships now lie. 1 have examined the Bay with great attention, taken the Sounding6, oblVrved du1 let of the tides, the winds that most ailed it, Nc. from all of ulmh I a in d opinion, that the bed Jiluation for a Harbour is a little above Cove Uoufe, us represented in the Plan. This is the b ft iheltness. place in the Buy. It is without the Bar in deep water; M tends abundant on the spot where the Pierthou’d be placed; und \VikBcJi^ entcT it more reudilv, and with greater iaf'*t\% than any other place in the Bay.

•43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

1029

It would however be difficult and expensive to make a Harbour here, lo that Veil'ds at all times ride in safety. . I therefore propose only to build two Piers for the purpose of the Ships entering, and in which in good weather they may lie; but I advile a Canal to be cut from thence acrol's the Links abreast of the Town, and there build a Bason, which, by means of a Lock, may be constantly kept full of , water; here Vessels, in all weathers, may ride in perfect safety* being completely flickered; and as they will always be alloat, they may be removed from one part of the Harbour to another at pleaseire.

The mouth, or which I shall call the Outer Harbour, being in 12 feet water at ordinary neap tides, will be a great accommodation to the Shipping that trequent this Coast, as thereby they will be able to enter both at the ipring and neap tides, and may go lip to the Inner Harbour at pleal'ure.

At the bead of the bason I propose three Pen Sluices, which, by pounding up the water in Wick lliver, may be advantageously applied to scour out the Baton and Canal, when the lilt becomes inconvenient to the Shipping. In the same manner the Bason and Canal may be applied to scour the Outer Ilaibour. By these means I ventuie to fore tel that the Outer Harbour itself will be much deepened, and the Canal and Bason kept clear of mud at an euly expence.

The situation of the baton lies very comement both for the Town of Wick, and for the Village that may be built on the ground propose d to be pmdialed by the Society horn Benjamin Dunbar, Liq.

For the accommodation of the Village, I piopole a range of Ware-houses to be built on the South licie of the Baton, the expence of which will not be great, as the building materials are at hand. Molt of the ground above alluded to is poor; but along the River and Coast it is rich and feitile: I doubt not therefore, if proper encouiagement is given to Settlers, a large and populous Village will loon be etiabiished.

In respect to the expence of the Harbour, it is iomewhat difficult to make an accurate Miniate, as all works in the Sea arc liable to untore-seen accidents; hut what I have ltated below, I flatter myself will be adequate to the execution; but should it be deficient, the whole is lo Constructed, that after the C uter Harbour is made, a greater accommodation will be afforded to the Shipping, and1 the rest may be executed at pleasure, or as the funds may increase.

It will now lie with the Society to judge what sum should belaid Out on this undertaking. It is to their good judgment I mult leave this matter, not being sufficiently acquainted with the Trade of the Country to give an opinion. But I do not think a complete, late, and commodious Harbour can be made at a lets expence tluin^. 14,44.1. 9$. the sum estimated: If this plan is not adopted, I would advile nothing more to be done than to deepen and widen the channel of the old River, and build a Bread Wall opposite the Town for a V\ harf, which may be done at a small expence (perhaps £. 1,000.) and would answer A very good purpose to the Shipping that frequent this Coast, But as this Harbour is, in fact, a National object, it is probable that affiltance may be procured from the Public for carrying the other plan into execution. Every 1 own interested in the Greenland and Baltic Trade will naturally be induced to contribute their affiliance; this, with the increased value of the Land acquired by the Society, and the Harbdur Dues, may probably indemnify them lor the expence.

/ I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,

Your moll humble Servant,

New Surrey-street, (Signed) John Rennie.

London, March 25th 1793.

ESTIMATE of the Harbour at WIC K.

OUTER HARBOUR. 11,953 Cubic yards of rough Masonry, in the Pier A.

at 55. -

13,45° - ~ D° - - filling up with Gravel - 6d. -

7,410 - - D° - - Rough Masonry in Pier B. 4^.6^.

6,176 - - D° - - of tilling up - - - - 6d.

To Tenders and Haling Polls -

To Supervifal and unforeleen Expences ——

2,988

336

1,667

L54

110

5‘25

s. d. 15 — 5 — 5 — 8 —

12 —

t

■5,78*2 5 —

Canal, Lock, and Bason:

163,500 Cubic yards digging in Canal and Bason, £m s. d.

at 4 </. 2,725-----

13>34° " - — Masonry in Walls and Counterparts, at 5 3,335.-----

To a Lock for lifting Vessels into D° - 1,500-----

To three Pen Sluices at the Head of the Bason - - 92 — —

To a Drawbridge across the Canal ----- 220-----

To Supervifal and unforefecn Expences - - - - 787 4 —

Appendix, No. 8.

Mr. Telford’s Report of Wick, made to the Lords of the Treasury

in 1801.

TOTAL:

£. s. d.

To Outer Harbour ----- 5,78a 5 —

To Canal, Lock, and Bason - - - 8,659 4 —

£• 8,659 4

£-H>44» 9

Ox the Well Coast of Scotland every Loch is a Harbour, and no Vessels can ever be at a loss to lind a protection; blit the case is very different on the N. E. Coast. At present there is no place where a Vessel can run into, or even lie with safety, from the Bay of Cromarty to the Road Head of Serabfter, on the \\ client fide of the Pentland Firth. Vessels frequenting the Herring Fishery in this quarter lie in the River of Wick, but they are confined within a lliallow Bay, in a narrow Channel, and lo ex poled to the N. E. that they dare not wait the Equinoctial gales, and instead of Billing for a whole season, they puHi oil as loon as they can get any thing like a cargo. They have no place but the Beach on which to land and pack their Fish; and they frequently cannot get over the Bar even to reach this Beach, but lie with their Fish in their open boats, exposed to the fun till they are spoiled. It is generally allowed, that the deep Sea Fishing might be carried on in this quarter, but ho person will rilk his Vessel and Capital while there is no place of security for them to run into in case of stormy weather, nor any convenience whatever to enable them to carry on their business with advantage; it is therefore very evident, that, to promote the extension and success of the Fisheries in that quarter, there should he a Harbour on the Coast of Caithness; and there is no place, except Wick, to the South of the Pentland Firth* which is fit for Inch a Harbour.

The entrance to the Bay of Wick is in a projecting part of the Coali, so that a Vessel coming out of it is in clear sea room, to make her way in any direction. The Bay is of a triangular form, about a mile wide at the mouth, and a mile deep inland: there are twelve fathoms near the mouth, and it shallows very gradually to three fathoms near the top of the Bay, and from thence Bill gradually to the shore. The whole of the Bay is quite clear ground, the bottom clean land. The shore on both tides is rocky; near the top of the Bay, the lb ores in some places are covered with loose stones; the rest is sandy and Hat. '1 he banks on each side are pretty high and ft cop, but the Country around is a plain, with forre gentle swells, and is in general either pallure or arable. The River of Wick is considerable. The Town Hands on the N. fide of the River, and very near to the top of ’the Bay; it is said to contain 1,000 Inhabitants.

The rock along the shores, on each side of the Bay, lie very flat and regular, and dip to the N. nearly. They lie 111 beds from fix to eighteen inches in thieknels; they may be raised of any size, and are remarkably well fitted for making Piers and Bread Walls.

William Durand the Pilot, and James Muckay, an experienced Seaman of \\ ick, informed me, that in moderate weather the ordinary spring tales rile about 7 | or 8 feet, and ordinary neaps about 5 to 5h feet. When there is rough weather and welterly winds, springs rife 12 feet, neaps 8 feet; that the highest tides are at£ pail eleven o’clock on the days of full and change.

I think it possible to form a very good Tide Harbour here, calculated to accommodate such Vessels as follow the Fishing or Coasting Trade, or even trade to the Baltic. At the top of the Bay, and on the South fide of the River, there are sandy Banks. At the bottom of these Banks, and considerably without the Bar, 1 have drawn the plan of a Harbour suitable to the place; it may be begun determined by building lirft the Piers A. and B. which would be the chief protection for a space capable of receiving upwards of 200 Vessels of the above description. Along this great extent of Piers, there would be an opportunity of doing much business; but if this was found to be inefficient, or that the lurges broke round into the Harbour, the PierC. might be erected, which I should recommend to be done by forming the point only in the manner of a solid Pier, making all the rest with two retaining Walls, diverging as they were carried towards the Town, and filling up between them with what was excavated out of the Harbour; this would form a very fine wharf for discharging and packing Herrings.

In this way the waves would flow past the mouth of the Harbour, and break upon the present Bar. The entrance to the Harbour is also within the protection of the point of land on the North fide of the Bay.

If after these two Piers were built, the business should be found to be very great, and that there was If ill a want of space for Wharfs, another Pier, D. might he built down the middle of the Harbour. In case of such great increase of business, it would be deflrable to keep the smallest Vessels and Boats in a place distinct from the larger Vessels, and it would also be desirable to have some Graving Docks. All thef® might be accomplished, by making the small Pier E. and the Graving Docks at F. If after all this, the space (which would then contain near 300 Vessels) should Bill be found too small, a Lock might be made out of the main Harbour, to carry Vessels up to a higher level. But. certainly for a beginning, and for a trial of the expected deep Sea Fiffi-ing, and for extending the present Fishing on that Coast, such a Harbour as has enabled Greenock to rife into considerable consequence, mud be allowed to be quite sufficient. Most of the Coasting Vessels which frequent Liverpool, also lie in a Tide Bason, as do the whole of the Vessels which frequent the Port of Bristol.

I would permit the River to flow along its present channel, only as there may be occasion t(^cle^|rfe ^Harboiur from mud tbkt may be

Appendi (No 52.

2Q* Junii

continued

A. 1803

1030

Appendix.

ippendix, [No. 52.) 10* Ju

contmucd.

Mr. M'Lcay.

deposited there; I should recommend to make a regulating Weir at the back of the Town, and from thence carry an open Canal along the N. fide of the sand banks, and in a Culvert along the upper end of the Harbour, and round the Boat Harbour; there should be Sluices in this Culvert, and so placed as to turn the whole of the water upon the Harbour, by incans of short Culverts made to branch from the main Culvert into the Harbour; I would also have Culverts down each iide of the Harbour, in order that the water may be turned into the Harbour in various places, and in various directions. It may be readily seen upon the Plan, in what manner the Warehouses, Herring Houses, Workshops, Fishermen and Ttadefmen’s Houses, may be disposed adjacent to the Harbour, and the ground where they could lay out and mend their nets. It will also be seen in what manner the S. ltoad should be brought, in order to suit the present Town, the Harbour, and adjacent grounds. The Bridge leading into the Town should be made upon the regulating Weir, and the entrance into the old Town would he greatly improved, as well as connected with the Harbour, Above the bank, on the South fide of the Harbour, the ground is well calculated for building; the dream of water which comes from the Loch of Ilein-pregge might be brought along the top of this Bank, to serve the Settlers on the upper ground, and to water land; the fall from the top of the Bank to the Harbour is so great, that this llream might be applied to work Machinery for various purposes; it might be thrown with much effect to cleanse the Harbour, and would atlurd fresh water to the Shipping, and Houses along the shore.

The Country around Wick is fertile, and much of it well cultivated; it is altogether well calculated for a ltation to encourage the Fisheries of that quarter.

The materials, at lead the done, which is the chief article, can be had within 400 yards of the proposed Harbour and Town. There are many loose hones on the spot, lb that the work would be done comparatively cheap. Indeed, nearly the whole of the County of Caith-ness consists of done, the drata lying almost in a horizontal or undulating form, and the pieces of done are shaped almost as square us tiles; they are a fort of Schiftus, frequently containing a considerable 'portion of calcarions matter.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the proposed Harbour at Wick.

11,520 Cubic yards Masonry in the Pier A - - a* 5 s. 2,880 4,900 D® - - - D° - in B. - - - - 5*. 1,2*22

l,8oo D° - - - D° from B. to the Ihorc - 5*. 450

Stairs, Defenders, Mooring Pods ----- <250

,*96 cubic yards of Parapet - - 6j. - 88

40.000 D°- excavating the Bason within the Pier 6d. 1,000

7,920 D# - of Masonry, in Walls all round from B.

including the Pier Head C. - - a* 5 s. 1,980

Stairs, Defenders, Mooring Pods - 150

20.000 Cubic yards of Ground excavated - - 6d. - 500

4,500 D° - - in the middle Tier D. - - - a? 5$. 1,125 Defenders and Mooring Pods - -- -- - 100

Small Harbour:

5,890

2,630

1,225

7,760 Cubic yards of Masonry in Pier and Wharf

Walls a 5*.

10,000 Yards Excavation in Bason - - - - 6d.

Regulating Weirs, Canal Sluices, and Roads - -

1,940

250

2,190

750

12,685

Appendix, No. 9.

The Examination of Mr. Alexander McLeay, Chief Clerk in the Transport Office, in the Department of Prisoners of War.

I am well acquainted with the Harbour and neighbourhood of Wick, having redded fomeyears there; I think there is no pari of the EadCoaft of Scotland better calculated for the Herring Fishery; various kinds certainly abound on that Coad, and the White Fishery is also carried on there. The Herrings are larger than on any other part of the Eall Coad, and I believe not inferior to those of the Wed Coad. The Herrings appear about the middle of June, and they come every year, but are sometimes prevented from coming so near the shore as at other times by Eaderly winds. The quantity caught lad year by Boats was 12,354 barrels, by about twenty-seven different Curers, and two or three hundred Boats; much larger quantities might be caught if there were more Vessels employed; the fame number of boats could take much more when the weather is favourable; but the chief difficulty is, that there being no safe Ihelter for Boats on that rocky Coad, they are afraid to go to sea when the wind is Eaderly, or the sea runs high; if there were one good Harbour, they could safely go out. I was informed by some of the Fish Curers, that if a lafe Harbour is made, it is their intention to fit out Bufles for the Deep-sea Herring Fishery; the Fishing Ground for that purpose is not many miles did ant from the Coad; a Harbour on that Coad would be very

beneficial to the general Commerce and Navigation of the Country. No less than fix Vessels were wrecked on the Ead Coad of Caithnel* lait year, and I under and they might have been saved if there had been a Harbour at Wick; I do not think it possible to erect a Harbour there without public aid. They have no trade there but the Fishery, the profit of which would not suffice for l'uch a work; I think that Vessels built in the form of the Dutch Fishing VnVels, could not remain near the Coalt of Caithness during an Eaderly wind, bepause from their condruction they find great difficulty in working to windward.

Appendix, No. to.

The Examination of Mr. John Christopher Falck, a Merchant in the City of Ix>ndon, and rcliding in Moorfields.

I have for a number of years endeavoured to make myself master of the subject of the Fisheries, and more el'pecially of the Herring Fishery, and have communicated various plans and explanations on that lub-ject to the British Fishing Society. There are properly three forts of Herring Fishery: The fird, with (hallow nets, calculated for Boats or small Vessels in Bays and along the Coasts; the second, with deep nets in the open feu as practised by the Dutch; and the third, with long nets, as done in Sweden, similar to the mode of catching Pilchards in Cornwall. The bed inode seems to me with deep nets, as pradiledbv the Dutch on the Coali of Shetland, and the North-ealt Coad of Scotland. 1 have seen Herrings, which were brought from Wick in Caithness, of as good a quality as thofecured by the Dutch; more el’pecially in the year 1802 some Herrings came from Wick, which had been caught in the year 1801, and were cured in the Dutch style by some Dutch prisoners, sent North by Government for that purpose; they feeiued to me to resemble in quality Dutch Herrings, and several very good judges in the City of London, niodly Foreigners, w ho knew well what Dutch Herrings were, subscribed a certificate to that efieft; they had cat them as Dutch Herrings, and found the fame medicinal qualities which the Dutch Herrings have. The market for Herrings, properly cured, would be very great. It is my opinion, that the Continental consumption alone would be equal to from 250,000 to 300,000 barrels, at the lead, and probably much more, if the Filli were cured equal to the Dutch. We could go to the Market much quicker than them, and being nearer the Fishing Grounds, could catch them at a cheaper rate. When the Dutch Herrings come fird in, they will fell for a Ducat, or 95. 6 d. each; but this is merely given by Dutch families, as a premium to encourage the Fisheries. On the whole, however, a barrel of Dutch Herrings, properly cured according to the Dutch mode, may be worth on an average about Four Pounds sterling; fa that if 250,000 barrels were caught and fold, the Fishery might produce at lead a Million derling per annum; and if properly subdivided into half and quarter barrels, &c. even more. This is much less than the profit gained by the Dutch. I got an exact account of the number of Vessels employed by the Dutch in their Fisheries in the year 1788, which in all amounted to above 2,700 of different sizes. The proportion for the Herring Fishery I do not exactly know; but I suppose, that at least 300 might be employed on our Coalt in the Herring Fishery alone. They require a crew of from 15 to 30 persons each, on an average, including those employed in curing and barrelling the filli, &c. I am of opinion, that there would not be much difficulty in procuring Dutch Fishermen and Curers, olVcring them proper encouragement. The Prudian Herring Fishery Company at Hamburgh and Embden employ none but persons skilled in the Dutch dyle of curing, and succeed as well as the Dutch; but, for establishing the Herring Fishery properly, it would be necefiiiry to procure Foreign Bay Salt Duty free, which would cure the Herrings in perfection, with a proper mixture of Cheshire Salt, free from Excile and Duty. The Dutch Deep-sea Fishing Vessels are built round fore and aft, in order to hand lempt-ltuous weather without danger. Sharp built Vessel* made for salt failing, like the British Fishing Vessels, would not answer, unless there were Harbours where they could run to for Ihelter; as for the nets, they must be in the fame lhape and form of those used by the Dutch. There is every probability if proper Harbours were made for tire safety of their Vessels, and where they could prepare the Filli for Exportation, that the Dutch Filliers would come to settle there.

Appendix, No. 11.

Extract from the Evidence of the Reverend Herbert Marsh, in the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons, respecting the Herring Fisheries in 1800; Appendix (A ) No. 9.

* Those parts of the Brxtirti Coad which lie the neared to those Fishing Grounds, 011 which such fat Herrings may be caught as are fit to be cured for the German market, are undoubtedly belt situated to carry of the Herring Fishery, with the view of supplying the German Market. Hence neither Yarmouth, nor any other Port on the Eaflem fide of South Britain, is to he recommended for this purpose; a very advantageous place appears to be Wick, in the County of

Caithnufc,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1031

Caithness, because it is to the North-east, East, and South-east of that Coast, that the Dutch uied to catch the best Herrings. We might even establish there a Colony of Dutch Seamen (killed in the Herring Fishery, of which we have now many hundreds ierving, partly on board our Ships of War, and partly on board our Merchantmen; but if such an establishment be made, it muii not be forgotten to procure professed Fish Curers, like the Dutch H ardens, to put thcjinijkwg hand when the Bufles return to Port; and these lri(h Wardens should be subjected by Law to the fame regulations as those to which the Dutch Fish Wardens at Enkhuyfcn and Vlardingen are subjelh The time

for carrying on the Fishery off the Coast of Caithness is from the 20th of June to the end of July, whei} the Herrings are in their highest season. An establishment might likewise be made on the Wellcrn Coast of Scotland, for the purpose of catching and curing Herrings for the German market.

41 I recommend the employment of Dutch Fishermen, because, when the Scottish Fishermen and Curers once fee how much is to be got by the adoption of the Dutch method, they will be the more inclined to embrace it. Thus the Dutch method will be gradually adopted at Oban, Tobermory, Stein, Ullapool, and other Fishing establishments/'

Appendl

(No.

20" J

continued

PAPERS presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, respecting the Discussions with FRANCE#

6-s

if*' \ I*; J

vZ

\ "

No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6.

No. 7. No. 8. No. 9. No. 10. No. 11. No. 1*2. No. 13. No. 14. No. 15. No. 16.

No. 17. No. 18. No. 19. No. 20. No. 21. No. 22. No. 23. No. 24. No. 2/5. No. 26.

No. 27. No. 28. No. 29. No. 30. No. 31. No. 32. No. 33.

No. 34.

No. 35. No. 36. No. 37. No. 38. No. 39. No. 40. No. 41. No. 42.

No. 43. No. 44. No. 45. No. 46. No. 47. No. 48. No. 49.

No. 50.

No. 51. No. 52.

No. 53.

No. 54. No. 55. No. 56. No. 57. No. 58.

No. 59. No. 60. No. 61. No. 62.

LIST*

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkefoufjr; dated Mrty 23d, 1802.

Letter from Lord llawkesbury to M. Otto; dated May 24th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, April 23d, 1802.

Extrait of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, May 7th, 1802. Dispatch from Lord llawkesbury to Mr. Merry; dated June 5th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord llawkesbury; dated Paris, June 17th, 1802.

Note Verbale from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, referred to in No. 6.

Translation of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mi. Merry, referred to in No. 6.

Dispatch trom Mr. Merry to Lord llawkesbury; dated Paris, June 4th, 1802.

Dispatch irom Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Merry; dated June 10th, 1802.

Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord IIawkefluirv; dated Paris, June 17th, 1802.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated July 25th, 180*2.

Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto; dated July 28th, 1802.

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord llawkesbury; dated August 17th, 1802.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkelbury to Mr. Merry; dated August 28th, 1809.

Translation of a Note from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated August 2lft, 1802.

Note from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto; dated August 23d, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkesbury; dated October 3d, 1802.

Translation of a Note referred to in No. 16.

Note from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto; dated October 10th, 1802.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Moore; dated October 10th, 1802.

Dispatch from Mr. Moore to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Constance, October 31ft, 1S02.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Moore; dated November 23th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Liston to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Hague, October 13th, 1802.

Dispatch from Mr. Lifton to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Hague, October 20th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord l lawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated November 30th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkelbury; dated St. Petersburgh, July 20th, 1802. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, August 3d, 1802. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Paget to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Vienna, July 18th, 1802.

Translation of the Inclosure marked A. in No. 2t).

Translation of the Inclosure marked B. in No. 26.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Puget to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Vienna, August 22d, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, August 21ft, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, August 31ft, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, October 2d, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Jackson to Lord llawkesbury; dated Berlin, November 25th, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Garlike to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, September 17th, 1802. Extract of a Dispatch from Sir John Borlafe Warren to Lord Hawkelbury; dated St. Petersburgh, November i8lh, 1802.

Extract of a Dispatch from Sir John Borlafe Warren to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, November 25th, 1802.

Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 34.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Paris, January 27th, 1803.

Dispatch from I^ord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated February oth, 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, February 17th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord llawkesbury; dated Paris, February 21ft, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord llawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated February 18th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, March 5th, 1803.

Translation of a Note from General Andrcofly to Lord Hawkesbury; dated March 10th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated March 12th, 1803.

Translation of the Note Verbale referred to in No. 42.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, March 14th, 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord llawkesbury to Ixjrd Whitworth; dated March 15U1, 1803.

Note from Lord Hawkesbury to General Andreoffy; dated March 15th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, March 17th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, March 18th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated March 22d, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkelbury to Lord Whitworth; dated April 3d, 1803.

Translation of the first Inclosure referred to in No. 49.

Second Inclosure referred to in No. 49.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated April 4th, 1S03.

First Inclosure referred to in No. 50. k

Second Inclosure referred to in No. 50.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 7th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated April 7th, 1803.

Inclosure referred to in No. 52.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated April 9th, 1803.

Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 53.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated April 14th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated April 13th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated April 13th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 18th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 18th, 1803.

Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 58.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 20th, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated April 23d, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 23d, 1803.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord. Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 25th, 1803,

Appends

(No. S3-

l8* Maii

1032

Appendix.

A, 1803.

ppcndix, No. 53.)

8° Mail,'

continued.

No. 63, No. 64. No. 65.

No. 66.

No. 67.

No. 68. No. 69. No. 70.

No. 71.

No. 72.

List—continued

Extrafl: of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, April 27th, 180$.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated April 29th, 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated May 2d, 1803.

Inclosure referred to in No. 65.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth , to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, May 4th, 1803.

Translations of the three Inclosures referred to in No. 66.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to'Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, May 4th, 1803.

Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 67.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkelbury to Lord Whitworth; dated May 7th, 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, May 9th, 1803.

Extrad of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, May 12th, 1803.

Translations of five Inclosures referred to in No. 70.

Extrad of a Dispatch from Sir George Rumbold, Bart, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Hamburgh, March 29th, 1803. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Hill to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Copenhagen, April 2d, 1803.

APPENDIX.

No. 1. Pieporfc made to the French Consul by Colonel Sebastiani.

No. 2. View of the state of the French Republic.

No. 3. Letter from Citizen Talleyrand to Citizen Fauvelet at Dublin.

No. 4. Private Correspondence.

No. 5. Bulletin inserted in the Hamburgh Correspondenten, March 30th, 1803.

No. 6. Letter from Spiridion Forefii to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Corfu, December loll), 1802. No. 7. Letter from Spiridion Foresti to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Corfu, January 2d, 1803.

Two Inclosures referred to in No. 7.

No. 1.

Translation.

My Lord, London, May 23, 1802.

THE 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, which fixes the new organization of the Order of Malta, having prescribed various measures, to the execution of which it is necessary that the two principal Contracting Powers should concur, the First Consul has named General Vial as Minister Plenipotentiary to the Order and Bland of Malta, for the purpose of concerting with the Person w hom His Britannic Majesty shall appoint for that purpose, reflecting the execution of the arrangements agreed upon in the late Treaty. General Vial will set out on his destination as soon as your Excellency shall have informed ice of His Majesty's intentions, and of the choice he may make.

v I have the honour to be, &c.

Otto.

To his Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

Minister and Secretary of State,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 2.

Sir, Downing Street, May 24, 1802.

In answer to your Letter of yesterday, in which you communicate to me the nomination, by the First Consul, of General Vial to be Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republick, to the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem; I have the honour to inform you, that the King has been pleased to appoint Sir Alexander Ball to be His Majesty s Minister to the Order. Sir Alexander Ball will shortly proceed to Malta, and will be instru#ed to concert with General Vial the necessary measures for carrying into effect the arrangements relative to that Island, which arejlipuiated in the loth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace.

I have the honor to be, Sec.

M. Otto, &c. &c. <S:c. Hawkesbury.

No. 3.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, April 23, 1802.

I hope very soon to be enabled to re-dispatch your Lordship's last Messenger with the answer of this Government to the Communications which I have made to them, in obedience to His Majesty's Commands, respecting the tenth Article of the Treaty of Amiens. In the mean time I mull not conceal from your Lordship, that there is great reason to fear that llis Imperial Majesty will decline taking part in the proposed joint guaranty of the possessions and new confutation of the Order of Mnltst

No. 4.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, May 7, 1802. i I have reason to hope that the first impressions that had been produced here by certain parts of the arrangement relative to Malta, have been removed; and that his Imperial Majesty may even be ultimately induced to guaranty the whole of that arrangement; provided that the steps which have been taken towards the election of a new Grand Mailer, according to the mode suggested by this Court, be considered as fulfilling w hat is required on that head by the latter part of the paragraph of the tenth Article of the Treaty of Amiens; and consequently, that no new ele#ion for that Office is to take place in the manner pointed out by the former part of the fame ftipuiation.

No, 5.

Sir, Downing Street. June 5, 1802.

I informed you in my Dispatch No. 10, that M. Otto had made an official Communication to me, that General Vial was appointed by the First Consul Minister Plenipotentiary to the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. Sir Alexander Ball has been in consequence invested with the fame character by His Majesty. He will proceed immediately to Malta, and he will receive instructions to concert with General Vial the best means of carrying into complete effect the stipulations contained in the 10th Article of the Definitive Treaty. By the paragraph marked No. 1. in that Article, it is stipulated:

" The Knights of the Order, whole Langues shall continue to subsist " after the exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, arc " invited to return to Malta as soon as that exchange shall have taken " place: they shall there form a General Chapter, and shall proceed " to the election of a Grand Master, to be chosen from among th* " Natives of those Nations which prderve Langues, if no such election " shall have been already made since the exchange of the Ratification! " of the Preliminary Articles of Peace."

The object of this paragraph was, that in the event of an election having taken place subsequent to the exchange of the Ratifications of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, and antecedent to the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, that election should be considered as valid; and though no mention is made in the Article of the Proclamation of the Emperor of Ruth a soon after his accession to the throne, by which the Knights of the Order were invited to assemblo, and to proceed to the election of a Grand Mailer, the ftipuiation in question evidently referred to the contingency of an election taking place on the Continent in consequence of that Proclamation.

You will inform the French Government, that His Majesty is ready to consider the election which has latcdy taken place at St. Petersburgh, under the auspices of the Emperor of Russia, to be valid, according to the ftipuiation in the 10th Article.

His Majesty has no other object in the whole of this transaction, than that the 10th Article of the Treaty may be fairly executed; and that the arrangement may be carried into complete execution with as little difficulty as possible.

As the 13th paragraph in the 10th Article stipulates that the Governments of Austria, Russia, and Prussia, should be invited to accede to the arrangements resped/ng Malta, it is delirable that the French Government should instruct^without delay, their Ambassadors or Mi-niflers at Vienna, Petersburgh, and Berlin, to make, conjointly with His Majesty's Ministers'at those Courts, an official communication, desiring the acccflion of those Powers to the arrangements relative to Malta in the Definitive Treaty; by which it is provided, that the independence of the island, and the other stipulations, shall be under ibt guarantee of those Powers, in conjunction with His Majesty, the French Government, and the King of Spam.

1 have the honour to be, Sec.

(Signed) llavl'fsbury.

Anthony Merry, Esq. kc. kc. kc.

: ' No. 6.

Extract of a Dispatch from Anthony Merry, Esq. to I-erd Hawkesbury; dated Paris, June 17, 1802.

I have now the honour to transmit to your Lordship, inclosed, copy of an Answer which reached me last night, (though dated eight day# back) from the French Minister, to the Note Vci bale which I delivered to him, containing His Majesty’s lions rdperiing the

3,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1033

y: :i

:3-

execution of foine points of the arrangements relative to Malta, contained in the loth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace. You will find the entire acquiclcence of this Government to those propoti-tions expressed in a very satisfuclory manner.

Note Verbale from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand, referred to in No. 6.

His Britannic Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary has the honour to transmit herewith to Citizen Talleyrand, Minister for the Foreign Affairs of the French Republic, the " Note Verbale" of the communication he has been ordered to make to him by his Government, who are delirous that the proposuls it contains may be acceptable to the French Government; and they may he allured, that the British Government, in making these proposals, have no other object in view than to facilitate, in the eaiieft manner, the execution of the Treaty of Amiens, and to act in this resped in perfect harmony with the French Government.

Mr. Merry has the honour to renew, on this occasion, the afiuranees of his high consideration for M. Talleyrand.

(Signed) Ant. Merry.

Paris, Slli June 1802.

The Citizen Minister for Foreign Affairs will find inclosed a list of suffrages obtained from several Priories of the Order of St. John of Jerufaiein, for the ejection of a Grand Matter, which has been received "from St. Petersburgh by the i>ritub Government, with the notice that these Priories have agreed amongst ihcmselves, that his Holinels the Pope shall fcIect (pro hac vice) from amonglr the Candidates therein specified, the person who is to fill the poll ot (brand Matter.

IIis Britannic Majesty on his part is willing to consider an election so made as valid, according to the stipulations of the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens.

JI is Majesty therefore is ready to acknowledge, in quality of Grand Matter, the person whom the Pope shall think proper to fix upon, from amount the names contained in that Lift.

His Majesty has no other end in view in this, than to see the loth Article of the Treaty of Amiens duly fulfilled, and the arrangement it contains executed with as little difficulty as possible.

It is ttipulated by the 13th paragraph of the lame Article, that the Austrian, Russian, and Prussian Governments, tliall be solicited to accede to the said arrangement.

The British Government is of opinion, that it might he proper for that of France to fend without delay inllruCrlions to their Ministers at Vienna, Peterlhurgh, and Berlin, to make conjointly with His Britannic Majesty s Ministers a communication to those Powers, in which they should be invited to accede to the arrangement respecting Malta, by which the independence of the island, and the other liipuJations relative thereto, are placed under the protection and guarantee of those Powers conjointly with their Britannic and Catholic Majesties, and the French Republic.

As to the 13th paragraph of the fame Article, respecting the aocession of the Powers, the First Consul thinks with His Britannic Majesty, that the Powers should be invited to give their consent to the arrangements agreed upon; and the French Ministers at the Courts of Aufiria, Rullia, and Prallia, shall conl'equently receive orders to take -conjointly with His Britannic Majesty's Ministers, the necessary steps for obtaining the accclhon provided by the lotli Article of the Treaty of Amiens.]

Paris, 10ill Prairial, year 10.

Apper.d

No. 7.

Transiation of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, referred to ill No. 6.

The undersigned, Minister for Foreign Affairs, has the honour to transmit to M. Merry, His Britannic Majesty s Minister Plenipotentiary, his answer to the Note Verbale which he addressed to him on the eighth Prairial. He doubts not that His Majesty's Ministers will fee in this answer a new proof of the constant dispolitious of the First Consul to come to an agreement with the English Government, for the 1 ecu ring and facilitating the execution of the respective clauses of the Treaty which has re-established Peace between the two States.

The underligued has the honour to renew to M. Merry theafiiirance of his high consideration.

(Signed) Cha. Man. Talleyrand.

Paris, 20th Prairial, year 10.

[The Minister for Foreign Affairs of the French Republick has received the communication which has been made to him determined by llis Britannic Maj city's Minister Plenipotentiary, of the Lift of the Candidates nominated by the votes of the dist’erent Priories to the Grand Mastership of the Order of Malta; and he has submitted ,to the First Consul the proposal concerted between the Priories of the Order, and approved by llis Britannic Majesty, of submitting (pro hac vice) to his Holinels the choice among the proposed Candidates.

The First Consul has no other object in whatever relates to the Order of Malta, than to lee the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens duly executed, and to remove all the obltacles which might render that execution tardy or difficult. He moreover desires equally with His Britannic Majesty, that France and England should ad in concert, in order the better to secure the independence and the organization of the Order of Malta. He therefore consents that the choice of its Grand Mailer, from the Candidates proposed by the votes of the Priories, should for this time be submitted to his Holinels.

VOL. 58.

My Lord, Paris, June 4, 180L

I had occasion to fee M. Talleyrand yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of introducing so him, by appointment, some English Gentlemen, previously to their presentation today to the First Consul. /

Having gone lirft alone into the Ministers Cabinet, he said, that he had been directed by General Bonaparte, to represent to me several circumstances which flood very much in the way of that perfect reconciliation and good understanding between the two Countries and their Governments, which it was the First Conlul’s sincere with to fee re-' established, in order that such obltacles might be removed before the arrival in London of the French Anibaffador; because, although the circumlhinces in question had already produced a very disagreeable efted w hi 111 only M. Otto, as Minister, had to witness them, they would ae-quire a great addition of force it they should llill exill when the Am. baliador should be present; and since the First Conlul had given orders for General Andivofiy to proceed to his destination with as little delay as possible, he wished that I should take an early opportunity to give an account to your Lord ship, of the observations which Le was charged to make to me.

After a preface to this efied, M. Talleyrand proceeded to state to me, that the accounts which M. Otto had transmitted of the dilgull and inconvenience which he could not but feel and experience at 1 meeting frequently at His Majestys Court, and at other places, the French Princes, and some French Persons ltill decorated with the in-lignia of French Orders which no longer existed; and at seeing the countenance and support which continued to be given in England, to what he termed the ci-devant French Bishops, as well as to other persons (he here mentioned Georges) inimical to the present Government of France, had affected so frrongly the First Consul, and were in fad so < calculated to prevent that lyfteni of cordiality which he was anxious to fee established, that it was incumbent upon him to express his will), that llis MajestyTs Government might be disposed to remove out of the British Dominions, all the French Princes and their adherents, together with the French Bishops, and other French individuals whole political principles and conduct mult necessarily ocealion greatjealously to the French Government, lie continued to observe, that the protection and favour which all the persons in question continued to meet will], in a country lb dole a neighbour to France, must alone be always considered as an encouragement to the difalledal here, even without those persons iheiiilelves being guilty of any acts tending to foment fresh disturbances in this Country; but that the Government here possessed proofs of the abide which they were now making of the protection which they enjoyed in England, and of the advantage they were taking of the vicinity of their situation to France, by being really guilty of such acts; since several printed papers had lately been intercepted, which it was known they had lent, andcaufed to be circulated in France, and which had lbr object, to create an opposition to the Government. I cannot, my Lord, do better than refer you to w hat you will have read in the French official paper of the dav before yesterday, under the Article of Paris, for the exact text of M. Talleyrand’s discourse upon this l’ubjed; which lie concluded by saying, that he thought the residence of Louis Will, was now the proper place for that of the rest of the Family; and that 1 might add this suggestion in my Report to your Lordship.

I aiiiwered the French Minister, that without any reference to you,

I could allure him, that the practices of the French residing in England, of which he complained, had not been encouraged, nor would be countenanced by His Maj city’s Government; which was as sincerely disposed to cultivate harmony and a good understanding between the two Countries as he had represented the First Consul to be; but that I could by no means say how far they would be disposed to adopt the rneafures which he had intimated it to be General Bonaparte’s wish that they should pursue, in order to remove so effectually every thing which might not perhaps be considered equally by them as giving just cause of offence orjealously to France.

M. Talleyrand did not rejoin upon the matter; but asked me when I proposed writing. Upon my replying I should lose no time, he said, that if I should write as today, he would avail himself of the opportunity to convey a letter to M. Otto.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) A. Merry.

The Right honourable Lord Ilawkelbury,

&c. &c. (See.

isPifitize

Appendix

A. 1803.

1034

ppcndix, No. 53.)

8° Ma

continued.

No. 8.

Sir, Downing-street, June 10, 1802.

Your dispatchcs of the 4H1 instant were received on Monday night, and have been laid before the King.

The account given in that dispatch of the conversation which passed on the 3d inltant, between you and M. Talleyrand, reipeding the French Princes and their adherents, would have alVoided here conli-deruble fiirprize it llis Majesty’s Government had not in some degree be(n prepared for it by information, which had been previously received: from the manner, however, in which this subject has been mentioned to you, it is important that you should take a proper opportunity to explain, candidly and fairly, to the French Government, the line ot conduct which llis Majesty feels it to be His duty to pursue in this very delicate business. His Majesty would certainly consider it inconfitient with both the letter and spirit of the Treaty of Peace between Him and the French Republic, to encourage or countenance any projects that might be bolide to the p relent Government of France. He is sincerely desirous that the Peace which has been concluded may be permanent, and may lead to the establishment of a lyltem of good underfunding and harmony between the two Countries., With theic lenliments 11c is disposed to employ all the means in His power to guard against any circumstance which can have the effect of diliurbing the tranquillity that has been so happily reliored; and lie certainly expects that all Foreigners who may relidc within I lis dominions, should not only hold a conduct conformable to the Laws of the Country, but should abftuiii from all acts which may be bolide to the Government of any Country with which His Majesty may be at peace. As long, however, as they conduct themselves according to tilde principles, llis Mujeliy would feel it inoonliiient with IIfa dignity, with llis honour, and with the common laws of hospitality, to deprive them of that protection which individuals red-dent in II is dominions can only forfeit by their own mifeondueb The greater part of the persons to whom ailulion has been made in M. Talleyrand's converlaiion with you, are living in retirement, and llis Majedy has no reason whatever to lr.ppoi’e that bnce the conelulion of Peace, they have availed themselves of their residence in this Country to promote any ddignS injurious to the Government of France.

1 have the honour to be, &c.

Anthony Mfcrrv, Lfq. (Signed) Haxcktsbury.

&e. 6cc. &c.

No. 9.

My Lord, Paris, June 17, 1802.

I have the honour to acquaint your Lordship, that I have executed the instructions given me by your fee ret and confidential dispatch (No. 14.) in consequence of the communication from M. Talleyrand, which I transmitted in my number 23, respecting the rclidence of the French Princes, and other French persons in His Majesty's dominions.

In delivering my answer on this business to the French Minister, 1 took care to express, in the strong^ft manner, the adhrances which your Lord,‘hip has authorized me to give of llis Majestys sincere desire that the Peace which has happily been concluded should be permanent, and that it should lead to the cltablishment of a fyflcm of harmouv and good understanding between the two Countries: and

* O O 7

that, as llis Majesty's conduct would, in every lvspect, be guided by those fefttiments, Isle of course would not tolerate, much less encourage,. any proceedings on the part of persons within llis dominions, which might be hostile to the present Government of France; which affii-rances might, 11rutted, be fufheienc to tranquillize and satisfy the First Conlul, without recurring to the ineafures which had been intimated to me, and which could not but be considered as incouliftcnt with His Majdlv's dignitv and honour, as well as with the common laws of hospitality, which He could not but observe towards Foreigners within His dominions, until thy should have forfeited that protection by ihr/ir imlconduct.

M. Talleyrand expressed to me in reply, that the First Consul had solicited no more than the British Government itself had, at the time, demanded of France, when tin* Pretender was in this Country, and than had been practised between oilier Governments under similar circumstances: that he could not lee any humiliation in the inealure which he had intimated to me; that he could allure me it had not been higgled with any such idea; and that he could only repeat, that the adoption of it would be in the highest degree agreeable and iatis factory to the First Consul, and be considered by him as the nmft convincing proof ot His Majesty s disposition to tee a cordial good understanding established between the two Countries; concluding his answer with a request that I would report it to your Lordllnp.

I rejoined upon the subject, hv observing to the French Minister, that even without adverting to the serious consideration of the King’s dignity and honour, the feelings of the People of England were to be taken into account on the ocealion; that he must be sensible the relative fi 11 * * i 11. »n, hitherto, of the two Countries, especially in regard to tnide, :isti, rd«*d His Majesty's Subjects no room to reap those advantages which were common to, and which were always expected from, a date of Peace; and that it therefore appeared to me that the First

Consul would equally give a proof of his dispofttion to fee harmony and a friendly intercom le re-established between the two Nations, by not repeating his wish upon a matter which would operate in the strongest manner against such an approximation and reconciliation of sentiments, were it even only to come to the knowledge of His Majesty's Subjects.

I.am happy, my Lord, to say, that M. Talleyrand shewed no warmth, or any very marked eagermTs, in his manner of replying to inv communication; and that our converlaiion on this head terminated with the lait remarks I made to him, when lie changed it to another subject.

I have the honour to be, 6cc.

• (Signed) Anthony Mmy.

Right honourable Lord Ilawkesbury,

6cc. &c. &c.

No. 10.

Truncation.

My Lord, Portman-square, July 25, 1802.

I transmitted some time ago, to Mr. Ilammond, a number of Peltier, containing the mod gross calumnies against the French Government, and against the whole Nation; and I observed, that I should probably receive an order to demand the punishment of such an abuse of the press. That order is actually arrived; and I cannot conceal from you, my Ixud, that the reiterated insults of a small number of Foreigners, assembled in London to conspire against the French Government, produce the moil unfavourable elieHs on the good uwler-standing between the two Nations. Even though the first Article of the Treaty of Amiens had not provided for the maintenance of that reipecl, which two independent Nations owe to each other, the general maxims of the Law of Nations would formally condemn lo revolting an abuse of the liberty of the press. It cannot be believed, that the law can give more Latitude to a Libelliit than to any other individual, who. without declaration of war, should permit liimlelf 10 violate the duties of good neighbourhood. The offence in queiiion is so much the mere serious, as its object is evidently to disturb the harmony which substlts between the two Governments.

It is not to Peltier alone, but to the Editor of the " Courier Francois de Lonures," to Gobbet, and to other writers who referable them, that I have to direct the alLution of His Majesty's Government. The perfidious and malevolent publications cf these men are in open contradiction to the principles of Peace; and if it could ever enter into the mind of the French Government to permit retaliation, writers would doubtless be found in France, willing to avenge their countrymen by filling their pages with odious reflections on the most resectable persons, and on the dtarcll i nil Rations of Great Britain.

The want of pofttive Laws against these fort of offences cannot palliate the violation of the Law of Nations, according to which, Peace should put a flop to all species of hostilities; and doubtless those which wound the honour and the reputation of a Government, and which tend to cause a revolt of the People, whose interests are contided to that Government, are the most apt to lessen the advantages of Peace, and lo keep up national refen tments.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Otto.

To his Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

Minister and Secretary of State for the Foreign Department.

No. 11.

Sir, Downing-street, July 28, 1801.

I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter on the fuhjed of the last number of Peltier. Il is impossible that His Ma' jeky s Government could peruse the article in question without the greatest displeasure, and without an anxious desire that the person who published it should lutfer the punishment he so julcly deserves. The calumnies however to which His Majesty’s Government, and many of the belt Subjects in this Country, are frequently exposed in the public prints, mult necclfanly convince all Foreign Government* of the difficulties which exist in a Confutation like that of Great Britain, in preventing the abuse which is often unavoidably attendant on the greatest of all political benefits; and though publications of this nature are, as they certainly ought to be, by the Law of England, subjtvT to punishment, it is often difficult to prove the guilt of an individual so satisfactorily as to obtain the judgment of a Court of Justice; and the inconvenience which arises from prosecution, umefs there is a reasonable prospect of success, is frequently sufficient to deter both the Government and individuals from undertaking it. ln the present case I have thought it my duty to reter the article in question to His Majesty’s Attorney General, for his opinion whether it is or is not a Libel, according to the construcYion of the Law of England, and whether it is such a Libel as he would, under all the circumstances, recommend for prosecution. As loon as I receive his report, I shall have the honour of communicating it to you.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Havkcjb'"'v-

M. Otto, &c. &c. &c.

1035

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

No. 12.

(Tran 11 at ion.)

Note.

The undersigned Mini Her Plenipotentiary of the French Republick having submitted to his Government the Letter which his Excellency Lord llawlo (bury. Mini tier and Principal Secretary of State of J J is Britannic Majesty, did him the honour of writing under date of the ' 27th July, is directed to offer the following observations:

If the British Government tolerates censures upon the acts of its Administration, and the pci tonal abide of the most respecttble Men, it does not fuller even the slighted attempt pgainlt the public tranquillity, the fundamental Laws of the Empire, and the supreme authority which ariles from them. Every Nation is, moreover, at liberty to facritice any advantage whatever in its interior, in order to obtain another to which it attaches a higher value; but the Government which does not repress the lieentioulness of the press when it may be injurious to the honour or the interests of Foreign Powers, would afford an opportunity lor Libellills to endanger the public tranquillity, or at lealt the good underltunding that forms the batis of it; and whenever such lerious injuries are continued in a regular and fyliemutic manner, doubts mutt arise as to its own dispositions.

rl he particular Laws and Conlululion of Great Britain are fubor-dinate to the general principles of the Law of Nations, which super-lede the Laws of each individual State. If it be a right in England to allow the moil extenfivo liberty to the Press, it is a public right of puli.bed Nations, and the hounden duty ot Governments to prevent, reprels, and pimi.h, every attack which might hv those means be made ag:*!?di tin* Rights, the Inlertlls, and ihe Honour, of Foreign Powers.

This general maxim of the Law of Nations has never been mil-taken without paving the way lor the greatest divisions, and has even turnilia-d in England a phmiihle pretext to those who have written < volumes to pro\e the neceliity of the lait War against France. Are thelo men now deli:mis cd profaning to the Conlular Government a weap'Ui which they have wielded with lo much add refs ? And can they butter thcndelves that the Authority which has ligned the Peace has not j’n-xx t maintain it?

By the hr-t Article of the Treaty of Amiens, the two Powers agree to fit .'orb no nrod ction, either directly or indirectly, to those who should cause prejudice to auv of them.

But the greuteft of ail injuries doubtless is, that which tends to debate a Foreign Government, or to excite within its territory civil and religious commotions; and the most decided of all protections is that which piaces under the laleguard of the Laws, men who leek not only to disturb the political tranquillity of Europe, but even to diifolve the first bonds of society.

The imdcidgned Minister mull moreover observe, that this is not a queliion* n faceting fame paragraphs, which, through the inadvertence of an Editor, might have been accidentally inserted in a public print; but it is a question of a deep and continued system of defamation, directed not only against the Child’of the French Republick, but against all the conUiluted authorities of the Republick, ugainll the whole Nation, rcprclented by ihefe Libellers in the most odious and degrading terms. It has even been remarked that many of these prints contain an Appeal to the French People, against the Government and fundamental Laws of their Country.

If these observntions apply to the English writers, who, for these three months puli have deluged the publick writh the moll perfidious and unbecoming publications, they are bill more applicable to a rials of Foreign calumniators, who appear to a\ail themselves of the asylum offered them in England only for the ptnpose of the better gratifying their hatred against France, and undermining the foundations of Peace.

It is not merely by insulting and leduious writings, evidently pub-hilled with a view to circulation in France, but by other incendiary papers difirihatrd through the Maritime Departments, in order to excite the evil-disposed or weak inhabitants to refill the execution of the Conconf'ttc, that these implacable enemies of France continue to exerrile 1 ioiiilitics, and to provoke the just indignation of the French Government and People. Not a doubt exists of these writings having been composed and circulated by Grorgcs, and by the former Bishops of France. These men can no longer be considered but as rebels against both political and religious authority; and alter their reiterated attempt., to disturb the good undemanding between the two Governments, th ir 1vf.de/1ce in England militates openly against the spirit and letter of the Tr uly of Peace.

The meetings likewise which have taken place in the I Hand nf Jersey, and the odious plots which are there framed, in spite of the repro-fentations which the underiigned Minister has already taken care to make on this subject, also demand immediate measures to be taken by a (Government, the neighbour and friend ol France.

Other perilous (attached, b) recollections never to be effaced, and by regrets too long fostered, to an order of things which no longer exists in France) dud themselves daily implicated by the plots of those who

pretend to serve them. A lense of their own reputation will without doubt lead them to avoid a focus of intrigues, with which the}* ought not to have the least connection.

Peace happily rc-established, the mutual desire of the two Governments to render it ft did and lulling, and the general interests of humanity, require that ail these caules of dillfttFlucrion should be done away, and that His Majesty’s Ministry should, by frank and energetic measures, manifdl their cftfnpprobation of all the attempts made to produce new divisions.

The underiigned has in consequence received especial orders to folic it,

lit. That IPs Majesty’s Government will adopt the most of echini ineafures to put a Hop to the unbecoming and Editions publications with which the Newspapers and other writings printed in England are tided.

2d. That the individuals mentioned in the underiigned Mini Iters letter of the 23d July lull, ihu.ll be lent out of the Illaml of Jersey.

3d. That the former Bishops of Arras and St. Pol de Leon, and all those, who like them, under the pretext of religion, leek to raise dif-turbances in the interior of France, shall likewise be lent away.

4th. rl hat Georges and his adherents shall be transported to Canada, according to the intention which the underiigned has been directed to trunlmit to his Government, at the requclt of Lord Ilawkef- bury.

5 th. That, in order to deprive the evil-disposed of every pretext for disturbing the good understanding between the two Governments, it shall be recommended to the* Princes of the I Joule of Bourbon at present in Great Britain, to repair to WuiTaw, the residence of the head of their Family.

6th. That such of the French Em igrants as ft ill think proper to wear the orders and decorations belonging to the ancient Government of France, shall be required to quit the territory of the Britiiii Em j lire.

These demands are founded upon the Treaty of Amiens, and upon the verbal assurances that the underiigned Minister has had the satis-tuchon lo receive in the course of the Negociations, with regard to a mutual agreement for maintaining tranquillity and good order in the two Countries. If any one in particular of these demands does not proceed so immediately from the Treaty concluded, it would be eaiy to juliify it by striking examples, and to prove how very attentive the British Government has been in times of internal fermentation, to remove from the Territory of a neighbouring Power those who might endanger the public tranquillity.

Whatever may the protection which the English law’s afford to Native waiters and to other subjects of His Majesty, the French Government knows that Foreigners do not here enjoy the fame protection; and that the Law, known by the title of the Alien Act, gives the Ministry of His Britaiiniek Majesty an authority which it has often exercised against Foreigners whole residence was prejudicial to the interests of Great Britain. The first Clause of this Act Hates express lv, that any Order in Council which requires a Foreigner to quit the Kingdom shall be executed under pain of imprisonment and transpor-* tation. There exists, therefore, in the Ministry, a legal and liiliicient power to restrain Foreigners, without having recourte to the Courts of Law, and the French Government, which oilers on this point a perfect reciprocity, thinks it gives a ngw proof of its pacific intentions, by demanding that those persons may be feuf itwu)', whole machinations uniformly te-^ul to fow discord between the two People. It ow'es to ilk If ami to the Nation at large, (which has made it the depository of its power and of its honour) not to appeal* infenlible to intuits and to plots during profound Peace, which the irritation of open War could not juliily, and it is too well acquainted with the conciliatory dispo-fitions of the British Miniliry, not to rely upon its etiurts to dil’perfe a faction equally the enemy of France and England.

The underiigned Minister seizes tills opportunity to present to his Excellency Lord llawkelbury, the homage of his respectful considera-tft>n..

(Signed) Otto,

London, 17th August 1802.

No. 13.

Sir, Downing-street, August 28, 1802.

I lend you the copy of a Letter which I received some days ago from M. Otto, together with a copy of an official Note inclosed in it. I have informed M. Otto, that you would receive intimations to enter into explanations with the French Government on the several points to which it refers. It is impolbble not to teel considerable surprize at the circuinstances under which it has been thought proper to present such a Note; at the llile in which it is drawn up; and at the complaints contained in it. Whatever may be the general dispositions of the French Government towards this Country, liippoling them to be as holiile as they have been at any former period, or even more so, it would appear lo contrary to their interest to provoke a War with us at the present moment, that 1 am inclined to aficribe their conduct, in

L. -

Append i (NTo. 53

18" Mai

continual

1036

Appendix

A. 1803

Appendix,

:no.53.)

T o• /i

i U 1 1 l Hi j

con tht vi d.

t

the whole of this business, more to temper, than to any other motive; but whether their conduct is to be referred to temper or to policy, the ellects of it may frill b* the fame; it is therefore become of the ut-mofi importance that a frank explanation should be made of the line of conduct which 11 is Majesty has determined to adopt on reaions of the nature of those to which this Note refers, and of the motives on which it is founded; and it is to be hoped that inch an explanation will have the eitect of putting an end to a course of proceeding whirh can lead only to perpetual irritation between the two Governments, ami which might ultimately tend to the most furious consequences.

% The lirlt comidoraiion that naturally antes on this traniachon, is, that of the peculiar circumstances under which the Note of M. Otto has been presented. It cannot be denied that fouie very improper paragraphs have lately appeared in lomo of the Englilii newspapers againfr the Government of France; ii cannot be denied likewise, that publications of a It ill more improper and indecent nature have made their appearance in this Counlrv. with the names of Foreigners affixed to them. Under thele circumstances the French Government would have been warranted in expecting every red refs that the Laws of this Country could afford them; but as, iniiead of seeking it in the ordinary course, they have thought lit to rciort to recrimination them-1 elves, or at leati to authorize it in others, they could have no i*Lht to complain if their liiblequeuL appeal to His Majesty hud failed to produce the effect that otherwise would have attended it.

Whatever may have been the nature of the prior injury, they have in fact taken the Law into their own hands: And what is tins recrimination and retort? The paragraphs in the English newspapers, the publications to which I have above referred, have not appealed under any authority of the lhitish Government, and aie di la vowed mid dif-approved of by them; but tire paragraph in the Momteur has appeared in a Paper avowedly official, lor which the Governin' nt are therefore coulitlcred as r.Tponlihie as 11 is Majesty’s Government is responsible for the conlems of the Lunch n Gu/otte. And this retort is not coniined to the unauthorized Fngulh ra wlpap.ei s, or to the other publications of which complaint is now mad.*, but is converted into, and made a pretence for a direct attack upon the Government of His Majesty. iJis Majesty lee’s it beneaih His dignity to nnke any formal complaint on this occasion; but it has been impossible for me to proceed to the other pai ls of the subject, without {minting your attention to the conduct of the French Government in this reiped, that you may observe upon it in the manner it del tvcs.

The Proportions in M. Ottos official Note are Fix in number; but may in fact he divided under two heads: the first, that which relates to the libels of all dtTcriptionSj which are alleged to be published again!! the French Governmert; the last, comprehending the live complaints which relate to the Emigrants resident in this Country. On the liifl, I am hire you mull he aware that His Majesty cannot, and never will, in conle.quence of any representation or any menace from a Foreign Power, make any conccihon which can be in the I’m all eft degree dangerous to the liberty of the Press, as secured determined by the Confutation of this Country. T his liberty is justiy dear to every lbitish l'uhjed. The Confutation admits of no previous re ft rain Is upon publications of any deferiplion; but there exist Judicatures, wholly independent of the Executive Government, callable of taking cognizance of Inch Publications as the Law deems to lx* criminal, and which are bound to inflict the punishment the Delinquents may deserve; those Judicatures may take cognizance not only of Libels again!! the Government and the Magistragy oi this Kingdom, but, as has been repeatedly experienced, of publications defamatory of those in whole hands the Admi-mltration ol Foreign Governments is placed. That our (Government neither has nor wants any other protection than what the Laws of the Country afiord; and though they are willing and ready to give to every Foreign Government all the protection again!! ollences of this nature which the principle ol their'Laws ami Confiitution will admit,

they never can content to new model their Laws, or to change their Confiitution, to gratify the \viflies of any f oreign Power. If the preinit French Government a;«* diffalisiicd with our Laws on the fuhjcd of Libels, or entertain the opinion that the Administration of Justice in our Courts is too tardy and lenient, they have it in their power to redrelk themselves by pmmhing the venders and distributors of such Publications within their own T erritories, in any manner that they may think proper, and thereby, prevent the circulation of them. If they think their preledt Laws are not sufficient for this purpose, they may matt now ones; or, if they think it expedient, they may exercise the tight which they have of prohibiting the importation of any Foreign Newspapers, or periodical publications, into the Territories of the French liepublick. His Majesty will not complain of such aineafure, as it is not His intention to interfere in the manner in which the People or Territories of France flionld be governed; but he expects, on the other hand, that the French Government will not interfere in the manner in which the Government of His Dominions is conducted, or call for a change in those Laws with which 11 is People are perfectly lutisfied. Willi respe< t to the diliincrion which appear-, to be drawn in M. Otto's Note, between the publications of British Subjects and those of Foreigners, and the power which His Majesty is luppoied to have in consequence of the Alien Ad, of fending

Foreigners out of His Dominions, it is important to observe, that the pro\ liions of that Act were made for the purpose of preventing the residence of Foreigners, whole numbers and principles had a tendency to diimrb the internal peace of llis own Dominions, and whom the lately of those Dominions might require in many instances to be removed, even if their actual conduct had not exposed them to punishment by Law. it does not follow that it would be a warrantable application of such a Law to exert its powers in the rales of individuals such as those of whom complaint is now made, and particularly as they are liable to be prosecuted under the Law of the Lmd, in like manner as others have been in similar cales, at the inliance, and upon the complaint of Foreign Governments.

T he lecund general head, which includes the five lal! complaint?, relates to the removal oi Ionic of the French Emigrants resident in this Country. His Majesty entertained hopes that the explanation lumiilied on this bend in niy Dispatch No. 14. would have proved f.iiibl.ictory, and would have precluded the necciaty of any farther cftlc tliomon this subject. T he French Government have upon several occasions retorted on this part of the subject to precedent, and have particularly relied on the demand formerly made by this Country, that the person then called the Pretender, should be lent from the French Dominions. It is important that the ditienmees between tlieie two cases Humid be dated. When James the Second abdicated the T hrone, and left tins Country, he retired with his Adherents to France; and though in the War wh.ch immediately succeeded that event, the French Government adopted his cause as their own, no fnpulation was made at the Treaty ot Kyiwick, that he ilc/uld be lent troiu that Country, nor was am subsequent demand ever made to the French Government to this ottoct; but he was fullered to remain at Sami Germain, in the neighbourhood of Paris, liiriouiided by his Family and Friends, till the time of his death. It was not till alter Ins demile, when Lewis the Fourteenth, in direct violation of the Treaty ol' Ilyfwick, had acknowledged his Son as King of Great Lritain, that a ddfermt course of proceeding was adopted by the Critiih Government; and in the T reaty of Peace signed at Utrecht, which put an end to the War which had been carried on, on account of the Spanfth succession, an article was inserted to prevent the Pretender hum j eliding in any part of the French Dominions. The demand which was iubtequently made for the removal of the Pretender from a Town which was fituaied in the centre of tliel'e Dominions, was fannied on this article of the Treaty, which was in fact one of the conditions of the Peace; but both the article in the Treaty, and the demand, were coniined to the Pretender personally* ami were not extended to any of Ins Family, or to any oi his Adherent*. Auer hi* removal, many of his Adherents continued to rciide in France; many persons resident in this Country, who were attached to the cause of the Pretender, and had promoted the rebellion in his favour, and who were cnnlequently attainted for High Trcalbn, fought leluge in i ranee, and were permitted to remain there till their death, without1'any application ever having been made by the Lritish Government for their removal. T he Duke of Lerwick, the natural Son of Janies the Second, who from his principles and talents was the melt dangerous man to the interests of this Country and the Proieiiant luccefiion, continued to be a General in the French Armies, and though dacended from tha King, an Englishmen, and an Emigrant, it was not required that he should be lent out of France. In the present rale, there is no article in the T reaty of Peace, by which His Majesty is bound to fend troiu this C ountry any Frenchman whatever, except on account of the crimes 1 pecilied in the twentieth article of the Definitive T reaty, and in consequence of the proofs therein required having been adduced. In the present case, it cannot be pretended tint lbs M.ijTiy has ever given the slighted countenance to the cause uf the Ilovahfis in Fiance again!! the present Government, liuce the period when lie acknow-

ledged that Government; and if there were not tin le important differences in the two cases, they would be totally distimihir in the only remaining point; for in the case of the Ho- le of Stuart, as has been already hated, notwithstanding the violence of the times, and the danger to which the Protestant luccefiion was really exposed, thift firong act of authority was coniined to the person of the Pretender; and the individual who mult Le recognized in that character by the French Government, and whose case can alone bear any limilariiy to the former even in this respocl, is not, and never has been within His Majesty’s Dominions: oilier precedents might be adduced on this subject; but it is not necciiiiry to state them, as the foregoing art fu flic i«*jit.

With rrfped to the complaints in detail under the Second Head.— Upon the I'irlr, you may infwrm the Fiench Government, that the Eimgnints in Jrrley, many of whom had remained there lohly oa account of the cheapiivfs of iubliltence, had actually removed, or were removing previous to the representatmn concerning them in M* Ottos Note, and that before your Explanation with M. Talleyrand can take place, there will probably not be an Emigrant in the Island.

I o the Second Complaint, which relates to the IVishops ol Arras and Saint Paul de Loon, and others, His Majesty can only reply, that if the lads alkdged a^ainlt them can be luU'Uintiated;' ii it can be

pro veil

« y—V /X zx

3.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

i037

proved that they have distributed Papers on the Coast of France, with a view of disturbing the Government, and of inducing the People to refill the new Church Establishment, His Majesty would think himself justified in taking all mnafurCs within his power for obliging them tn leave the Country; but some proof must be adduced of those fads; and such proof mull not be that of their having in a Tingle instance, viz. in reply to the Pope's mandate, published a vindication of their 'own con dud, in refuling to conform to the new Establishment, a proceeding in which they would be justifiable on every principle of toleration and justice; but it should shew that they have llnce availed themselves of their situation in this Country to excite the People of France against the authority of that Government, whether Civil or Ecclesiaf-, tical.

On the third complaint, which respects the removal of Georges, and those persons supposed to be described as his Adherents, M. Otto must have mistaken me in what he supposes me to have said on that subject. His Majesty is however very desirous to obviate any cause of complaint or uneasiness with respect to these persons; and measures are in contemplation, and will be taken, for the purpose of removing them out of His Majesty s European Dominions.

On the fourth complaint, respecting the Princes of the Iloufe of Bourbon, I can only refer you to my former answer. His Majesty has no desire that they should continue to reiide in this Country, if they are disposed, or can be induced to quit it; but He feels it to be ineon-fiftent with His Honour and His sense of Justice to withdraw from them the rights of hospitality, as long as they conduct themselves peaceably and quietly; and unlcis some charge can be liibltantiated of their attempting to disturb the Peace which lubfilts between the two Governments.

With reiped to the fifth complaint, which relates to the French Emigrants wearing in this Country the Orders of their ancient Government; there are few if any persons of that description in this Country who wear such Orders. It might be more proper if they all abliained from it; but the French Government could not perlill in expecting, that even if it were confident with Law, His Majesty could "be induced to.commit so harsh an act of authority as to fend them out of the Country on Inch an account.

I have thus dated to you His Majesty's sentiments on the several points contained in M. Ottos Note. You will take an early opportunity of communicating these sentiments to the French Government, and of accompanying them with the argurnents and explanations above dated. And if it should be desired, and you should be of opinion that it was likely to produce any good efjed, there is no objection to your putting the substance of what you shall have dated in writing, and of delivering it to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, as a memorandum of your conversation.

Upon the general tone and style of M. Otto's Note, it is important to observe, that it is far from conciliating; and that the pradiee of presenting Notes of this description, on any motive or suggestion of personal irritation, cannot fail to have the efled of indifpofing the two Governments towards each other, instead of consolidating and strengthening the Peace which happily subsists between them. That after a War, in which the passions of men have been roused beyond all former examples, it is natural to suppose that the distrust, jealously, and other hostile feelings of individuals, should not immediately fuhtide; and under these circumstances it appears to be both the interest and the duty of the two Governments, by a mild and temperate conduct, gradually to allay these feelings, and not on the contrary to provoke and augment them by untimely irritation on their part, and by aferibing proceedings like those above noticed, to causes to which they have no reference.

His Majesty has thus fully and frankly explained His sentiments, and the ground of His conduct. He is sincerely disposed to adopt every measur for the preservation of Peace, which is confident with the honour and independence of the Country, and with the security of its Laws and Constitution. But the French Government mull have formed a most erroneous judgment of the disposition of the British Nation, and of the character of its Government, if they have been taught to expect that any represen tat ion of a Foreign Power will ever induce them to consent to a violation of those rights on which the Liberties of the People of this Country are founded.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Anthony Merry, Esq. (Signed) llauhesbury.

(IYanflation.) No. 14.

Note.

General Vial, Miflifter Plenipotentiary of the Republic at Malta, having set out for his destination about the 20th of July, it is to be presumed, that he will soon be in a condition to enter into a concert with His Britannic Majesty s Minister Plenipotentiary on the evacuation of Malta, and of its Dependencies.

The three months, in which this evacuation should have taken place, arc expired; and it being the intention of the two Governments that the execution of the Treaty of Amiens should experience the least possible delay, the First Consul would have been desirous that the two thousand Neapolitans who are ready to depart, could have been trans-VOL. 58.

ported at an early period to the Island of Malta, to be in readiness whenever the evacuation shall be on the point of being efi’eded.

It appears, nevertheless, that Mr. Drummond, thcEnglish Minister at Naples, has not been authorized by his Government to facilitate this transport; and that the motive alledged by that Minister was, , that the stipulations which ought to precede the evacuation not being fulfilled, that evacuation could not yet take place.

In communicating the above details to his Excellency Lord Hawkef-bury, His Britannic Majesty s Principal Secretary of State for the Foreign Department, the undersigned is directed to observe, that the fending the two thousand Neapolitans to the Island of Malta cannot but be considered as a preliminary step, in order to accelerate the evacuation, as soon as the necessary measures shall have been taken by the respective Plenipotentiaries; and that it does not in any manner prevent the subsequent concert on the details of the evacuation, conformably to the clauses of the Treaty of Amiens.

The undersigned is moreover directed to request the British Ministry to give general Instructions to His Majesty s Plenipotentiaries at Naples, and at Malta, that the evacuation, and the other conditions of the 10th Article, may be executed without obstacle, and without these Plenipotentiaries conceiving themselves obliged to refer to their Government on each of the successive operations which should take place.

The undersigned embraces this opportunity to present to his Excellency Lord llawkesbury, the homage of his respectful consideration.

London, August 21ft, 1802. . (Signed) Otto:

His Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

&CCi &c. &C;

No. 15.

Note.

The undersigned has the honour to acknowledge the receipt of M. Otto’s Note of the 21ft instant.

When the Neapolitan Government notified to Mr. Drummond, the King's Minister at Naples, that the 2,000 Troops which his Sicilian Majesty had selected to serve in Malta, were ready to proceed to their destination, that Gentleman declined taking any step to facilitate their embarkation, till he should receive intelligence of the arrival of Sir Alexander Ball in that Island, and till he should be informed that the Commander in Chief of the British Forces had made suitable preparations for their reception. By the last advices from Malta if appears* that Sir Alexander Ball had arrived there on the tenth of last month,* and that after having conferred with General Fox upon the subject, he’ had written to Mr. Drummond, that there was no impediment what-1 ever to the immediate reception of the Neapolitan Troops, and that their quarters would be prepared accordingly; the undersigned has the honour to date this to M. Otto as the most satisfactory answer which x he can give to his Note. It is probable, therefore, that the Troops of his Sicilian Majesty are already embarked and on their passage; but to prevent the possibility of any unnecessary delay or misconception, the most explicit Instructions will be immediately forwaided to Mr. Drummond on this subject.

With respect to the other points in M. Otto's Note, the undersigned can only repeat what he has before stated to him, that His Majesty is most sincerely desirous to fee all the stipulations of the tenth Article of the Definitive Treaty carried into effect with the utmost punctuality, and with the least possible delay. With this view he takes this opportunity of observing to M. Otto, that by the very last dispatches from the English Ambassador at St. Petersburgh, the French Minister at that Court had not even then received any Instructions from his Government relative to the steps to be taken in concert with Lord St. Helens, for inviting the Emperor to become a Guaranty of the provisions and stipulations of the Article in question. The Irench Minister at Berlin was in the fame predicament. The undersigned, therefore,' requests that M. Otto would have the goodness to represent these qircumstances to his Government, and to urge them, if they have not already done it, to transmit without delay to their Ministers at those Courts the necessary Instructions for bringing this part of the business to a conclusion.

The undersigned reguefts M. Otto to accept the afiiirances of his high consideration.

(Signed) Hawkesbury<

Downing-street, August 23d, 1802.

M. Otto, &c. &c. &c.

No. 16.

Extrad of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, October 3, 1802.

•As soon as the Helvetic Government had retired1 from Berne to Lausanne, the Partizans of the ancient Federative System of the Swiss Cantons, who established immediately in the former City a Provisional Government, deputed a Confidential to* Paris, for the purpose of

by

Appendi: (No. 53.;

18° Maii

continued.

A. 1803

1038

Appendix.

ppendix,

No. s3-) 8* Mi,

continued.

court teracfting the measures of M. Stapfer, and of engaging the First Consul to fuller the Inhabitants of Switzerland to settle their affairs among# themselves. lie was instructed in any emergency to address himself to the Ministers here of the principal Powers of Europe, and to l'olicit their interference and afliiianoe in the objects of his million. He reached Paris four da} a ago, and had reason to flatter himself, from the result cf an interview which he had immediately with M. Talleyrand, that the First Consul would put no obitucle in the way of any arrangement which the Swiss might agree upon among themselves for the final lettJement of their Government; he was therefore much surprised to learn fobn afterwards, chat a change had taken place in the First Consul fs sentiments* and his ationishment was completed when he found that the latter had taken so decided and so unfavourable a part in the bufuiefs, as that which is announced by a Residution published in yesterday's Moniteur (which I ha'e the honour to transmit inclosed), in the form of an Address to the Inhabitants of Switzerland. This person having, betides this public Declaration, acquired fnmc private information of its being the First Coni til’s intention to give the most immediate and vigorous cfleet to it, loft no time in addrdling a Letter to the latter, in which he took the liberty of ftut.ng that he mufthave been deceived by false representations; that Ins interference in the affairs of Switzerland, was, as he was authorized to lay, entirely unsolicited by the maj. rity, and the heft thinking part of the Inhabitants; and that he had, therefore, to entreat of him, in the most carnest manner, to suspend the exeemum of his Resolution until those explanations could take place, which lie tnffied might be the uv\,ns nt preventing the immen.ft effulion of blood which would otbei wile inevitably ensue. lie at the Time time addressed himself in the cov-ne ofyefterday to me, as well as to the Ault ram and Spaiulii Ambiffu-dors, and to the Russian and Pruffkm Mimfteis, (not having gamed admittance to Mons. deCobenzel, noi to M. de MaikutTor Lucchelini); he afterwards wrote to them, folioiting, in the flrongelt terms, an interference (jointly, if possible) on then part, with the French Government, to endeavour to avert the impending evil. I naturally observed to him in anf.ver, that the present ltate of political relations between the great Powers cf Europe afforded no pnffnect of his obtaining of their Ministers at Pans, to adopt a concerted measure in favour oi the object which he had so much at heart, and that of coorfe I could not take it individually upon myself, without any exp refs inltruaion from my Government, lie returned to me today, to acquaint me that he was not only as yet without a reply from any quarter, but had reason to fear that his prayers would not be listened to by the Austrian, Russian, and P ruffian Ministers; he therefore conjured me to transmit them to His Majesty’s Government, from whom only his Countrymen could have a hope of deriving any qllijiance in the terrible conflict which he knew they were determined to f and, and which would only ceafv by the extermination of every virtuous and brave Man in the Country.

He then put into my hand a Note which he had drawn up in a hurry, and of which I inclose a copy. Whilff, my Lord, it was out of my power to give him any encouragement to expect.from His Majesty’s Government the affiffance which his petition expresses, I have thought it my duty to lose no time in making you acquainted with a ft ate of things which may ftiortly be attended with very important conferences.

(Translation.) Inclosure referred to in No. iff.

Note.

So long fts Switzerland was occupied by the French Armies, the tvflhes of the People Could never be freely manifested. The petty Resolutions which took place in the Government were the mere tricks Of certain factions, in which the Nation at large took but a very trifling interest. Scarcely did Switzerland think herself independent when she was desirous of returning to her ancient institutions, rendered still dearer to her by her late misfortunes, and the arbitrary acts of the Government fumished her with the means of doing so. Almost the whole of Switzerland, with unexampled unanimity and moderation, /hook off the yoke. The Cantons formed themselves into Constituent Bodies; and Twelve of the Thirteen Cantons of Switzerland sent their Representatives to the Diet of Schwitz, in order there to organize a central Power which might be acceptable to the neighbouring Bowers.

The Aristocratical Cantons renounced their exclusive Rights; the Pays de Valid' was left at liberty to form its own Constitution, as well as Thurgovia, and the othei new Cantons.

The Government-having taken refuge at Lausanne, was by no means secure there, notwithstanding its regular Troops; perhaps even at the present moment it no longer exists.

Who would not have thought that according to the ffipolation of the Treaty of Luneville, which grants Independence to Switzerland, and the right of choosing its own Government, every thing was settled, and that this Nation might lee its former happiness and tranquillity revive

Who could have thought that the First Consul would have issued such a Decree as that of the 8th Vendemifure ( ) ?

le an independent Nation to be thus treated ? Should Bonaparte

persist in his determination, and the other Powers should notinterpose in our favour, it only remains for us cither to bury ourselves in the ruins of our houses, although without hope of refill ance, ex hail fled as we are by the Coloifus who is about to overwhelm us, or to debate ourselves in the eyes of the whole universe!

Will the Government of this generous Nation, which has at all times afforded lb many proofs of the interest it takes in the welfare of the Swils, do nothing for us under circumstances which are to decide whether we are still to be ranked amongli free People

\\ e have only men left us ;—The resolution, and spoliations without end, have exhausted our means: we are without arms, without ammunition, without stores, and without money to purchase them.

No. 17.

Note Vehbale.

Lord Havrkesbury has received His Majesty’s commands to communicate, through M.Otto, to the French Government, the sentiments of deep regret which have been excited fn His Majesty s mind by the Addruls of the First Consul to the Helvetic People, which was published by Authority in the Moniteur of the iff instant, and by the re-])relcntations which have been made to His Maj eft y on this ftibjpchon behalf of the Nation whose intereirs are so immediately affected by it. His Majesty nmft flncerely laments the convulsions to which the Swiss Cantons have for some time past been exposed; but he can consider tlreir late exertions in no other light than as the lawful efforts of a brave and generous People to recover their ancient Laws and Government, and to procure the re-establishment of a lvltem which experience has demonstrated not wily to be favourable to the maintenance of their domeftie happiness, but to be perfectly confident with the tranquillity and security of other Powers*

fi be Cantons of Switzerland unq deft ion ably jroffefe, in the fame degree as every other independent State, the l ight of regulating their own internal concerns, and this right has moreover, in the present instanre, been formally and explicitly guaranteed to the Swiss Nation by the French Government in the Treaty of Luneville, conjointly with the othei* Powers who were parties to that engagement. His Majesty has no other desire than that the People of Switzerland, who now appear to be so generally united, should be left at liberty to settle their own internal Government without the interposition of any Foreign Powers; and with whatever regret His Majesty may have pe-rufed the late Proclamation of the French Government, lie is yet unwilling to believe that they will farther attempt to controul that independent Nation in the exercise of their undoubted Rights. His Majesty thinks himself called upon by his regard for the general Interests of Europe, and by his peculiar solicitude for the happiness and welfare of the Swiss Nation, to express these his fentiinents with a frankness and lincerity which he feels to be due to his character, and to the good understanding which he is delirous of preserving with the Government of France.

Downing-street, October 10, 1802.

M.Otto, &c. &o. &c.

No. 18.

Sir, Downing-street, October io, 1802.

His Majesty having deemed it expedient, that a confidential perfofl should be lent at the present moment to Switzerland, in confluence of the communication which he has received from the Swiss Confederacy, through their Representative at Paris, I am commanded to inform you that lie has made choice of you for that purpose.

It is of the utmost consequence, considerirg the nature of thebuff-ness with which you arc entrusted, that you should lose no time in biking your departure from hence, and that you should make every practicable exertion to arrive on the frontiers of Switzerland with as little delay as possible. You will inform yc.:rfftf there what is the atfual residence of the Government of the Swiss Confederation, to which you will immediately repair. Having taken the proper means to obtain a confidential interview with the persons who may be entrusted with the principal direction of affairs, you will communicate to them a copy of the Note Verbale which I delivered to M.Otto, and which is herewith inclosed; and you will take every opportunity of imprel-sing upon their minds the deep inlerelt which His Majesty takes in the success of their exertions. You will state to them, that His Majesty entertains hopes, that 11 is- representation to the French Government may have the effect of inducing the Firli Consul to abandon his intention of compelling the Swiis Nation, by force, to renounce that system of Government under which they la d so long prolpered, and to which they appear to be almost unanimously anxious to return. In this event, His Majesty will feel himself bound to abstain from all interference on his part; it being His earnest desire that the Swiia Nation should be lett t^t liberty to regulate their own internal concerns, without the inter of any Foreign Power. If, however, contrary to His Majesty’s expe$ations, the French Government should persist in the system of coercion, announced in the Proclamation of the First Consul, inserted in the Moniteur of the iff instant, you will, iq that case* inform yourself, by every means in your power, of the dif-

petition

r

lUCAIO Ui JVUl XI , V.

Appendix*

43 Geo. III.

1039

s*

•f'

Ci "

V

position of* the People at larpc of the Swiss Confederacy, and particularly of those who have the direction of their alYairs, and of those who polless the greatest share ot influence amongst them, to persevere in the defence of their rights, and in the maintenance of the Jyftcm they have adopted. You will likewise enquire into the means of defence of which they may be possessed, and of the probability of their being exerted with lurcels. \on will on no account encourage them to persevere in active measures of rdiltance which they are not themselves dehrous to adopt, or which they may believe are unlikely to be ultimately effectual. If, however, you should find that the People of the Swiss Confederacy arc gem rally determined to persevere in the maintenance of their independence, and of their right to return to their fiJicient system of Government; and it you tliould be of opinion that from the union that fublilts amongst the People, and from their zeal and rmlmfiafin in the cause in which tliev an* engaged, they are iinally resolved, at all hazards, to refill the threatened attempt of the I reach Government to int'rpose by force of arms, in the settlement ot their internal concerns; you will then immediately communicate, in confidence, to the Swiis Government, that either in the event of a 1*rench Army having entered the Country, or in the event of your having reason to be convinced that a French Army is actually advancing for that purpose, 11 is Majesty has authorized you to accede to their application for pecuniary furcours.

I have lurnished you with a Cypher and Decyphcr, that you may h ive ft in your power to corrrlpond with His JMajelcy's Ministers at \ ienna and Munich, it you should think it adviiable; and as it is WgWy probable that the Armies of the Swiss Confederacy may be inadequately supplied with arms, ammunition, or provifums, and may b- desirous ot procuring supplie.s thereof from the neighbouring Countries, you will use your uimost endeavours to give them every facility for this purpose. \ ou will be very particular in informing me of the numbers and situation of any Austrian corps in the neighbourhood of Switzerland, and oi the piobability of their advancing in any event into the Swiss territory.

As it is of groat importance that His Majesty's Government should be regularly informed of the events which may be patting in Switzerland, and of the riif positions that may prevail there, you will endeavour to ascertain the moll tafe and expeditious mode of conveying your letters, which will avoid their patting through any part of the French Republic.

As it is pottible that previous to your arrival in Switzerland the present state of affairs may have undergone a decided alteration, either in consequence of the submittion of the Swiss Cantons, or of any compromise having taken place as to their internal concerns, it will be proper that, in that cale, you ttiould take up your residence in such a situation as you may think most convenient in the neighbourhood of Switzerland, of which you will give me the earliest intelligence, and there wait for His Majesty’s further orders.

I am, with great truth and regard,

Sir,

Your moll obedient humble Servant,

(Signed) liuKkcsbury.

Francis Moore, Esquire.

No. 19.

My Lord, Condance, October 31, 1802.

I have the honour to inform your Lordship that I arrived here on the 27th indant, and that, having received this evening authentic information of the submission of the Diet of Switzerland, attrmbled at Schwitz, to the French arms, I lose no time in dilpatciiing the Messenger, Shaw, with this nlelligence; from which your Lordship will perceive that it only remains for me to obey that part of my instructions by which I am directed, under such circumstances, td take up my residence in the neighbourhood of Switzerland, and there to await His Majesty’s farther orders.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Fra. Moore. The Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 20.

Sir, Downing-dreet, November 25, 1802.

I have duly received your several Letters by the Messenger Shaw.

As from the present date of Switzerland your continuance in the vicinity of that Country appears to be no longer necessary, you are at liberty to return to England as soon as it may suit your convenience,

I am, &c.

(Signed) Hawkesbury%

Francis Moore, Esquire.

No. 21.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Litton to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Hague, 13th October 1802.

A few hours after I had sent off my last Dispatch to your Lordship, (on Saturday the 9th of this month) the French Ambassador, M. de

Semonville, waited upon the President of the Government of State, and informed him that he had just received, by a Courier from Paris, orders to inform the Gdvemment of this Country,

" Que le Premier Consul avoit appris, avec autant dc surprise que* d'indignation, que des Personnes avides de resolutions v^uloient de nouveau troubler le repos dans la Batavie, en abufant mtme pour cet efle-t des noins respetfables; et que le Premier Consul, commeallifc de la Itcpublique, invitoit le Gouvernement k prendre toute9 les me* sures necessaires pour, maintenir i'ordre des choses etabli par la Constitution "

Thelb were nearly the words read to me by the Secretary of State* from a Note in his own hand-writing, dilated to him by M. de Se-monville, with a view to its publication (and a translation was accordingly inserted in the Dutch official paper of the Hague on the 11th); but they fall very far short of the language employed by the French Minister for Foreign Affairs in his dispatches to the Am-balVador, and in the communication made determined by him to the Dutch Charge d’Affaires at Paris (who also lent a Messenger to the Hague upon this occasion). In theie M. dc Talleyrand entered into cortfi-derable detail on the subject of the plots supposed to be formed in this* Country against the Administration, mentioned the names of the Chiefs, and ended by making an offer, on the part of the First Consul, to come to the aflillance of the Government (should circumstances render it necessary) with all his forces.

No. 22.

My Lord, Hague, October 29, 1802*

The recent attack made by Bonaparte upon the liberties and inde--pendcnceof the Swiss Cantons, has naturally made a strong impressiott on the inhabitants of this Country; and the public anxiety has been much augmented determined by certain symptoms in the conduct of the Consular Government, which seem to indicate an intention not to withdraw the French Troops which have been kept in the Batavian Republic for some time patt, under the title of auxiliaries, and paid and maintained at the expence of the Dutch Nation.

ThefeTroop9 (amounting to between ten and eleven thousamimen) were to remain here till the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty with Great Britain. It was afterwards formally promised on the part of France, that they ttiould evacuate the territories of the Republic al the latest on the expiration of the last French year (the 23d of September).—They accordingly began their march to the Southward a few days before that period; and the Government and the People rejoiced at the prolped of being finally relieved from a load which has become extremely irksome to them. But, on pretence that a great proportion of the corps were to be embarked at Flushing for Louisiana, and that there was a want of shipping for their accommodation, they took up their quarters on the frontiers of the Country (at Bois-le-Duc, Breda, and Bergen-of-Zoom) where they dill remain; and demands have continued to be made for their pay and maintenance.

Hopes were, however, entertained from day to day, that their departure would take place; when, to the astonishment of the Batavian Government, official notice was (lall week) transmitted from France to the Department of War at the Hague (which has been charged with the support of these corps) that the First Consul has been pleased to appoint a new Commander in Chief (General Montrichard), and a new Staff", for the auxiliary Troops in this Country; and the notice was given that Government might provide for the pay of the Officers in queiiion.

The Administration appear resolved to oppose all the reflftance in their power to this unexpected and oppressive extortion. An express has been sent off to the Dutch x\mbattador at Paris, charging him to claim, in the moll urgent terms, the accomplishment of the Treaties fubfitting between the two Republics, and the fulfilment of the repeated and recent promises made by the French Government upon this subje#. And in case of the failure of this application, they talk of addressing themselves to the principal Powers of Europe who had any share or influence in the conclusion of the Peace, to intreat their intervention and good offices, with a view to the maintenance of the independence of the Republic.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Robert Li/lon.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. See. &c.

No. 23.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth; dated November 30th, 1802.

His Majesty's Government have learnt with some surprize from the communications from General Stuart, that that Officer had signified to Colonel Sebastiani his inability to evacuate Egypt, until he should receive specific orders for that purpose. It is certainly true that no warrant has been transmitted to General Stuart,-or to his predecessor the Earl of Cavan, for the evacuation of Egypt; neither was it considered to be necessary, in as much as His Majesty a Government hack byVJJV already

Append!

(No. S3 18* Mai

continue*

Appendix'.

A. 1803

1040.

ppendix,.

T already expressed their intention to General Stuart, in his instructions,

S3•/ that, except in a case of absolute necessity, the King's Troops should

8° Mail remain in Egypt no longer than the month of July last. In all the instances of places which had been conquered by the King's Forces, continued. and of which possession had been taken in 11 is Majesty's name, it has been usual when they have been restored to the French Republic, or its Allies, that the Commanding Officer should be furnished with a regular warrant under the King's Sign Manual, authoring him to ' make such restoration. But the case of Egypt is different, as that

x Country had never been taken possession of in His Majesty1s name, as

* it had been actually reilored to the Ottoman Porte, and as certain

Rations in it were continued to be occupied merely as military polls, until the means of removing the Troops should be provided.

It is probable, that in the present infiance General Stuart may have been milled by a doubt as to the extent of his own power, and by the opinion that he required a warrant to evacuate Egy pt, similar to that which had been granted to Officers who superintended the restitution of conquests of which poifeftion had been taken in Mis Majesty's name. In order, however, to obviate any farther difficulties, instructions have now been sent to General Stuart, directing him to remove the King's Troops from Egypt with as little delay as puftible, and information has been given to this efteft to General Andreofly.

No. 24.

Extract: of a Dispatch from Lord St Helens to Lord Ilawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, July 20, 1802.

I have Since renewed my applications to this Government on the business of Malta, and have Some reason to hope that some impression has been made on the mind of his Imperial Majesty. The French Minister however has not yet received Ins instrudions; and till they arrive, it will of course be. impossible for me to take the requisite steps for bringing this affair to any satisfactory, or even positive ifiiie.

No. 25.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord St. Helens to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, August 3, 1802.

I must not omit to acquaint your Lordship, that although in order <0 prevent any further waste of time, I have thought it right to endeavour to obtain a definitive explanation of the intentions of this Court, with relation to the proposed guaranty, I have not yet been enabled to demand it officially, "according to the terms of the Treaty of Amiens, as the French Minister here is still without instrudions authorizing him to join with me in that instance.

No. 26.

Extract of a Dispatch from the Honourable A. Paget to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Vienna, 18th July, 1802.

On the 15th instant, hi. de Champagny and I met at a conference at the Vice Chancellor’s, to whom we presentedour respective Notes, copies of which I have the honour to enclose, marked A. and B.

(Inclosure A. referred to in No. 26.)

Translation.

The undersigned, His Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary &nd Minister Plenipotentiary, has the honour to transmit herewith to the Vice Chancellor of Court and State, a copy of the loth Article of the Treaty of Amiens. He has, at the same time, the honour to acquaint his Excellency, that he has received orders from his Court to invite his Majesty the Emperor and King, conformable to the 13th paragraph of that Article, to give his guarantee to the arrangements Stipulated therein.

He therefore requests the Vice Chancellor of Court and State to lay this communication before his Imperial Majesty.

The undersigned avails himself, with pleasure, of this opportunity to reiterate to his Excellency the expression of his most distinguished consideration,

(Signed) Arthur Paget.

Vienna, 15th July 1802.

To his Excellency the Vice Chancellor of Court and State, &c. &c. &c.

(Inclosure B. referred to in No. 26.)

Translation.

The AmbafTador of the French Republic, on the invitation which has been given him by Mr. Paget, His Britannic Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary, hastens, in conjunction with that Minister, to communicate to the Vice Chancellor of Court and State, the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, concerning the Order and Island of Malta, the sixth paragraph of which Article places the independency of the Island of Malta under the guarantee of his Imperial Majesty, and several other Powers of Europe.

In taking this step, the Ambnflador, who has not yet received any orders reflecting it, acts from the knowledge he has of the intention

1 of his Government to execute all the stipulations of the Treaties it I has concluded.

The Ambassador Seizes, with eagerness, this opportunity to offer to his Excellency the assurances of his high consideration.

Vienna, 26 Meffidor, year 10.

, (Signed) Champagny.

To his Excellency Count Cobenzel,

Vice Chancellor of Court and State.

No. 27,

Extract of a Dispatch front the Honourable A. Paget to Lori Hawkesbury; dated Vienna, 22d August 1802.

I have the honour herewith to transmit to your Lordship the Em-peror's ad of guarantee and accession to the 1 oth Article of the Treaty of Amiens.

(Inclosure referred to in No. 27.)

Translation.

The Emperor and King having been invited by His Britannic Majesty and the First Consul of the French Republic, to accede to the Stipulations contained in the tenth Article of the Treaty concluded and Signed at Amiens on the 29th of March 1802 (4th Germinal, year 10) respecting the Order of St. John of Jerusalem; and also to take under his protection and guarantee, conjointly with the other Powers cited hi the sixth paragraph of the said Article, whatever was therein especially fti-pulated on the subject of the Island of Malta: And his Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty having been at the lame time informed that the two above-mentioned Powers adopted on their part the concert which had been entered into by the two Imperial Courts, previous to the exchange of the Ratifications of the above-mentioned Treaty of Amiens, to leave to the Pope the Selection of a Grand Matter from amongst the Candidates nominated for that purpose by the Priories of the Oaler: His Majesty the Emperor and King, delirous on the present occasion of exhibiting a fresh proof of his sincere friendship for His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and for the Firtl Consul of the French Republic, has empowered and instructed his Grand Chamberlain and Cabinet Minister Count Francis of Colloredo, and his Vice Chancellor of Court and State Count Louis of Cobenzel, to proceed in his name to the accession and guarantee of the stipulations of the tenth Article of the afore-mentioned Treaty; who, in virtue thereof, declare that his Majesty accedes, by the present act, to the stipulations contained in this Article, with the clause hereinbefore referred to, respecting the mode of the next election of the Grand Master of the Order; and his Majesty Specifically guarantees whatsoever is therein regulated, with regard to the independence of the Islands of Malta, Gozo, and Comino.

In witness whereof we, the Plenipotentiaries of his Imperial, Royal and Apostolick Majesty, have signed the present Act of Accession and of Guarantee; have thereunto affixed the leal of our arms, and have exchanged it against the Acts of Acceptation, delivered in the name of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of the First Consul of the French Republic. Which Acts of Accession, of Guarantee, and of Acceptation, shall be ratified in the space of four weeks, or sooner, it* it can be done.

Done at Vienna, the 20th of August 1802.

(l. s.) Francis Count of Colloredo.

(l. s.) Lexcts Count of Cobenzel.

No. 28.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, August 21, 1802.

Having opened the subject of your Lordship's last Dispatch, relative to the accession of this Court to the arrangement stipulated in the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, to Mr. Bignon, this Gentleman undertook very willingly to mention the same to his Government, and has in fast already performed his promise. In Several conversations with Mr. Bignon, in which I have occasionally remarked that nothing had hitherto been Said to me here upon the subject of Malta, he has constantly affected the greatest indifference, and treated it as a bu/incls of too little importance to occupy the attention of the French Government.

No. 29.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, August 31, 1802.

Mr. Bignon received last night instructions from the French Government, to invite the King of Prussia, conjointly with me, to accede to the guarantee of the independence of the Island of Malta, and of the other stipulations relating to that Island, which are contained in the 10th Article of the Definitive Treaty of Amiens. Mr. Bignon sent to me immediately, and we propose to meet tomorrow for the purpose of preparing a Note upon this subject, of which we shall each present a copy to Count Haugwitz.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1041

, Ki * *1

No. $o.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Mr. Cafamajor to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, October 2, 1802. -

My Note upon the subject of the Guarantee of Malta remains unanswered.

No. 31.

Extrad of a Dispatch from Mr. Jackson to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Berlin, November 25, 1802.

At my first interview with Count Haugwitz, I told him that the only subject in suspence between our two Courts, to which I need call his immediate attention, was that of the Guaranty of Malta, on which an answer is still due from him. He adverted to what he had told Cafamajor of the King his Mailer having ordered a Report to be made to him, on the (late of the Commanderie9 in Silesia, hinting, that this Country took a very flight interest in the fate of the Island; and that he was countenanced in withholding its Guaranty by the example of Spain. He however added, that the Report in question had been made to the King, and that he only waited his Majestys commands to confer with me farther upon the liibjed.

No. 32.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Mr. Garlike to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, September 17, 1802.

The French Minister has at length been directed by his Government to make, conjointly With His Majesty's Minister here, a formal invitation to the Emperor of Russia for his Imperial Majesty's Guaranty of the ftipvdations of the Treaty of Amiens, which provide for the Independance of the Islands of Malta, Gozo, and Comino, and of the other arrangements of that Article.

No. 33.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Sir John Borlafe Warren to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, November 18, 1802.

On the third instant I waited upon the Chancellor with General Hedouville, when the Note of invitation for his Imperial Majesty's Guaranty of the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, was prefen ted by each of us.

General de Hedouville entered into various reasons to induce the Russian Government to grant the guaranty; the principal of which %?as to prove, that without the guaranty of Russia, either of the two Powers, upon the first ditference between them, would look upon themselves at liberty to seize upon the Island, which was only important in a militaty point of view; and the only alteration he should make in his invitation was, that the Island might be delivered up to the Neapolitan Troops.—He added, that the ad of guaranty would not be considered as asse#ing the arrangement of any particular Power with the Order, or of any alteration that Power might wiffi to make in the Baillages, or that part belonging to itself, as Spain had already done.

No. 34.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Sir J. B. Warren to Lord Hawkesbury; dated St. Petersburgh, 25th November, 1802.

The Chancellor appointed yesterday evening for delivering to me, and to the French Minister, the answer of the Russian Government to His Majesty's invitation for his Imperial Majesty's accession to the tenth Article of the Treaty of Amiens.

(Inclosure referred to in No. 34.)

Translation.

Conditions upon which his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias is willing to accede to the stipulations of the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens.

I. The acknowledgement of the Sovereignty of the Order of St. John Of Jerusalem over the Island of Malta, and its dependencies; the acknowledgement of the Grand Mailer, and of the Civil Government of the Order, according to its ancient institutions, with the admission into it of Native Maltese. Upon this point, as well as upon every other that may relate to its interior organization, the legal Government of the Order shall have the power to ena# and prescribe such Regulations as it may judge bed calculated to promote the future welfare and prosperity of the Order.

II. The rights of the King of the Two Sicilies, as Suzerain of the Island, shall remain upon the fame footing as they were previous to the War which is now terminated by the Treaty of Amiens.

III. The independance and neutrality of the Island of Malta, its ports and dependencies, shall be secured and guaranteed by the respective contracting Powers, who shall mutually engage to acknowledge and maintain that neutrality in all cases of war; whether between each other, or between any of them and any other Power, not excepting his Sicilian Majesty, whose rights of Suzerainty fhaR not extend so as to enable him to cause a departure from the neutrality of the Wand, as guarantied by the present A#.

VOL.

IV. Until the Order shall be in a situation to provide, by its own resources, for the maintenance of its independance and neutrality, as secured by the preceding Article, as well as for the defence of their principal refldence, the different forts shall be occupied by his Sicilian Majesty's Troops, wbnshall fend a diffident force for the defence of the Island and its depembneies, the number of which shall be agreed upon by his said Majesty and the two Contracting Powers, who shall take upon themselves conjointly the expence of maintaining the whole of the said Troops, so long as the defence of the Island shall continue to be intruded to them, during which period the said Troops shall be under the authority of the Grand Mader and his Government.

V. The present additional A# shall be considered as forming an integral part of the Treaty of Amiens, the same as if it had been inserted therein, word for word, and shall be executed in like manner.

VI. Their Majesties the Emperor of all the Ruffias, the Emperor of the Romans, the King of Spain, the King of the Two Sicilies, and the King of Prussia, shall be invited to accede to this A# as Guarantees.

(Signed) Comte Alexandre de Worohzow.

Append (No. 52 18* Ma

couUrmei

No. 35. -

My Lord, Paris, January 27, 1803.

I have to report to your Lordship the purport of a conversation I had on Tuesday lad, by appointment, with M. Talleyrand. He had invited me some days ago for this purpote. The communication he had to make to me related to two points, both equally important, as he said, to the maintenance of good harmony between the two Countries; with this difference however, that the one originated with himself, and was dictated by his anxiety to do away every thing which might feed the mutual irritation of the two Countries; and the other by the express order of the Fird Consul. That which came from himself related to the English Newspapers, against which he pronounced a mod bitter philippic, efluring ftie that the First Consul was extremely hurt to find that his endeavours to conciliate had hitherto produced no other effe# than to increase the abuse with which the Papers in England continually loaded him. He expatiated much upon this topic, and endeavoured to establish a fa#, which I assured him a reference to any one Newspaper in Paris would instantly refute, that during four months not a word of provocation had appeared in any French Journal, which could judify a retort from those published in England. For the red he advanced nothing but what has been said on more than one occasion to Mr. Merry, and reported by him to your Lordship. .1 was however given to understand, that the First Consul was in fa# highly incensed, and the more so, he was pleased to say, as it came from a Countty of whose good opinion he was so very ambitious.

In my reply, I could but go over the old ground, and endeavour to make M. Talleyrand understand—first, That whatever w as said in the English Papers might be considered but as a National retaliation for what was published in the French Papers—secondly, That what was officially published here was by no means so in England—and thirdly. That although the Government possessed a controul over the Press in France, the English Government neither had nor could have, unless they purchased it at the fame price, any whatever in England. Upon this he endeavoured to prove to me, that there were Papers in England attached to different Parties, and went over their names and supposed conne#ions with great precision; and that consequently His Majesty's Ministers might so far controul those at lead which depended upon them, as to prevent their inferring that abuse which muff bo considered as having their sanction. I endeavoured to explain to him what the influence was, which he ffipposed Ministers to possess in England; that it amounted to nothing more than a preference which your Lordship for in fiance might give to one Paper rather than to another, by fending to it any articles of news which it might bo wished to make public; but that your Lordship'# influence went no further; and that if the Editor of such a Paper conceived it more for his interest to continue to write alter his own fancy and uncontrouled, than to be the Publiflier of such occasional articles, in that case all influence was at an end. I told him, that if he had remarked any abusive article in any Paper of such a deferiprion, it was natural and fair to conclude that it did not depend upon Government to prevent it. He perfiited in his opinion, that His Majesty's Ministers might keep certain Papers in order, as I did in assuring him, that until the First Consul could so far mailer his feelings as to be as indifferent to the feurrility of the English Prints, as the English Government was to that which daily appeared in the French, this (late of irritation wak irremediable. I told him, however, that I would report the substance of this communication to your Lordship, although I could assure him that your Lordship could add nothing to the explanation which had been given, and in such detail, by Mr. Merry from your Lordship.

M. Talleyrand, with great solemnity, required of me to inform him, and this by the express order of the First Consul, what were His Majesty's intentions with regard to the evacuation of Malta; He again on this occasion made great profefiioiis of his finrdre desire to set aside every thing which could interrupt the good wderstanding between the

1042

Appendix,

A. 1803.

ppendix, .'No. 53.) 8* Maii,

continued.

two Governments; adding, that it was absolutely necessary that the French Government should know what it was meant to do, when that Clause in the Treaty of Amiens, which stipulates the cession of Malta, Should be fully accomplished. He said, that another Grand Master would now very soon be elected; that all the Powers of Europe invited so to do, with the exception of Russia* whose difficulties it was easy to remove, and without whom the guaranty would be equally complete, were ready to come forward; and that consequently the term would very soon arrive, when Great Britain could have no pretext for keeping longer possession. I informed him that I would report his conversation to your Lordship, and would have the honour of communicating to him your Lordship’s answer as soon as I could receive it.

I have the honour to be, &c. Right Honourable Lord Hawkelbury, Whitworth*

Ac. Sic, Sic,

No. 36.

My Lord, Downing-street, February 9, 1803

In answer to your Excellency’s Dispatch of January 27, relative to the enquiry made of you, by the French Government, on the subject of Malta, I can have no difficulty in assuring you, that His Majesty has entertained a moil fmcere desire that the Treaty of Amiens might be executed in a full and complete manner; but it has not been possible for him to consider this Treaty as having been founded on principles different from those which have been invariably applied to every other antecedent Treaty or Convention, namely, that they were negociated . with reference to the actual Hate of possession of the different parties, and of the Treaties or public Engagements by which they were bound at the time of its conclusion; and that if that state of possession, and of engagements, was so materially altered by the act of either of the parties as to effect the nature of the compact itself, the other party has a right, according to the Law of Nations, to interfere for the purpose of obtaining satisfaction or compensati©n for any essential difference which such acts may have susbequently made in their relative filiation; that if there ever was a case to which this principle might be applied with peculiar propriety, it was that of the late Treaty of Peace; for the Negociation was conducted on a basis not merely proposed by His Majesty, but specially agreed to in an official Note by the French Government, viz. that His Majesty should keep a eompenla-tion out of His conquests for the important acquisitions of territory made by France upon the Continent. This is a sufficient proof that the compact was understood to have been concluded with reference to the then existing state of things; for the measure of Mis Majesty s compenfution was to be calculated with reference to the acquisitions of France at that time; and if the interference of the French Government in the general affairs of Europe, since that period; if their inter-position with respect to Switzerland and Holland, whole independence was guaranteed by them at the time of the conclusion of the Treaty of Peace; if the annexations which have been made to France in various quarters, but particularly those in Italy, have extended the territory and increased tile power of the French Government, His Majesty would be warranted, confiltently with the spirit of the Treaty of Peace, in claiming equivalents for those acquisitions, as a counterpoise to the augmentation of the power of France. His Majesty, however, anxious to prevent all ground of misunderstanding, and desirous of consolida-ting the general Peace of Europe, as far as might be in His power, wa^willing to have waived the pretensions He might have a right to advance of this nature; and as the other Articles of the Definitive Treaty have, been in a course of execution on His part, so He would have been ready to have carried into effect the true intent and spirit of the 10th Article, the execution of which, according to its terms, had been rendered impracticable by circumstances which it was not in His Majesty’s power to controul. A communication to your Lordship would accordingly have been prepared conformably to this disposition, if the attention of His Majesty’s Government had not been attracted by the very extraordinary publication of the Report of Colonel Sebaf-tiani to the First Consul. It is impossible for His Majesty to view this Report in any other light than as an official publication; for without referring particularly to explanations which have been repeatedly given upon the subject of publications in the Moniteur, the Article in question, as it purports to be the Report to the First Consul of an accredited Agent, as it appears to have been signed by Colonel Sebai-tiani himself, and as it is published in the official paper, with an official title affixed to it, must be considered as authorized by the French Government. This Report contains the moll unjustifiable inlinua-tions and charges against the Officer who commanded His forces in Egypt, and against the British Army in that quarter, insinuations and charges wholly destituteof foundation, and such as would warrant His Majesty in demanding that satisfaction, which, on occasions of this nature, independent Powers in a state of amity have a right to expect from each other. It discloses, moreover, views in the highest degree injurious to the interests of His Majesty's dominions, and directly repugnant to, and utterly inconliftent with, the spirit and letter of the Treaty of Peace concluded between His Majesty and the French Government; and His Majesty would feel that He was wanting in a proper regard to the honour of His Crown, and to the interelis of His Dominions, if He could fee with indifference such a system developed and avowed. His Majesty cannot, therefore, regard the conduct of the French Government on various oceaftons ftnee the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, the insinuations and charges contained in the Report of Colonel Sebastiani, and the views which that Report discloses, without feeling itmeceffaiy for him distinctly to declare, that it will be impossible for Him to enter into any further difeuffion relative to Malta, unless he receives satisfactory explanation on the subject of this communication.

Your Excellency is desired to take an early opportunity of fully explaining His Majesty's ientimeats, as above stated, to the French Government.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, K. See. See. Sic,

I a in, See.

11 an Injbunji

No. 37.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord liaukeffury; ' dated Paris, February 17, 1803.

I have the honour to acquaint your Lordship, that I saw M. lie Talleyrand on Taefday lafr, for the purpose of carrying into effect your Lordship s Instructions of the 9U1 initant. I began by telling him that 1 had nothing new to communicate to him; but inemy to confirm officially that which I had already from nivself premiled. I did not however pass over with the fame in difference, the arguments with which your Lordship has furnished me. I recapitulated them all; the principle on which the Treaty of Amiens was founded; and the right which naturally arose from that principle, of interference on our part for the purpose of obtaining satisfaction or compensation, for any essential differences which may have arisen in the relative filuation of the two Countries. I iriftanced the cases, beginning with Italy and, concluding with Sw itzerland, in which the territory or influence of France had been extended subsequent to the Treaty of Amiens.

I rep relented to him, that this principle of compensation had teen fully and formally admitted by the French Government, in the course of the Negociation at Amiens, i then told him that notwithstanding the indisputable right which His Majesty might have derived of claiming some counterpoise for such acquisitions, instrudions would have been given me, by which I /Mould Lave been empowered to declare His Majesty’s readini-fs to carry into effect the full intent of the tenth Article of the Treaty, if the attention of His Majesty’s Government had not been rouled by the official publication of Colonel Sebaf-tianis Report to the First Consul. It was uleless to recapitulate the particulars of this very extraordinary Report; but I appealed to him whether it was not of a nature, excluiue of the personal allulions it contained, to excite the utmost joalously in the minds eft lbs ivJajeiH s M milters, and to demand on their part every measur ot precaution.

I concluded with the distind declaration, that it was impossible for His Majesty to enter into any further diicuffion relative to Malta, unless He receives satisfactory explanations on the subject of the I ail Con ful’s views,

M. de Talleyrand in Lis reply, did not attempt to dispute tic drill of my argument. lie admitted, with an affected tone ot candour, tlut the jealously we felt on the same of Egypt, with a view to our poliri-fions in India, %vas natural; but he could not admit that any tlnng had appeared in the conduct of the French Government in juinticatu-n of the alarm we expressed. After repeating what he had laid to in« in a former conversation on the subject ot Sebastiani s million, whu he affected to be Jirittly commercial, he expatiated at great length on the ftneere desire of the Milt Consul to maintain inviolable th© Ptuce which had been so lately concluded; adding, that the situation o.. tl»e French Finances was such, that were not this desire ol Peace in the First Consul an effets of system, it would be most imperiously dimtecl to lam by the total impossibility in which this Country found itself of earning on that extendve state of warfare, which even a partial rupture "ey naturally lead to. He exp ref led great 1'urprize, therefore, that any inj-picion should attach, when the means ol chlturbing the public ti.iny11 lity were, as must be well known in England, so completely waistin,* and desired to know what wars the nature and degree ot latihlact.on which His Majesty would require. On this I told h’.m, that I could not pretend to say by what means those npprehensions, which the con-dud of this Government had raised in England, w ere to be allauj > but I could assure him, that in the difeuffion of them, we should ye animated iblely by a fmcere desire to be convinced of the truth of h*s aftertions, since on that depended the peace and happiness of Europe.

I took this opportunity of alluring him, that although, according to his statement of the fttuation of France, we might potiefs in a gieater degree the means of supporting the expence of a War, lmce those means arose from sources which even a state of warfare did not drv up, }et such was His Majesty s fmcere desire of maintaining Peace, that nothing but absolute and unavoidable i\eceility would ever induce him to deprive His subjects of the blessings which they begin to enjoy,.

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

1043

No. 38.

My Lord, Paris, February <21; 1803.

Mylaft Dispatch, in which I gave your Lordship an account of my conference with M. de Talleyrand, was scarcely gone, when I received a Note from him, informing me that the First Consul wished to converge with me, and desired I would come to him at the Thuilleries at nine o'clock. He received me in his Cabinet, with tolerable cordiality, and, after talking on different subjefcts fora few minutes, he desired me to fit down, as he himself did on the other fide of the table, and began. He told me, that be felt it necessary, after what bad passed between me and M. de Talleyrand, that he should, in the most clear and authentic manner, make known his sentiments to me in order to their being communicated to His Majesty; and he conceived this would be more effctfually done by himself than through any medium whatever. lie laid, that it was a matter of infinite disappointment to him, that the Treaty of Amiens, infteud of being followed by conciliation and friend-ship, the natural effects of Peace, had been productive only of continual and increasing jealouly and mistrust; and that this mistrust was now avowed in such a manner as must bring the point to an issue.

He now enumerated the several provocations which he pretended to have received from England. He placed in the first line our not evacuating Malta and Alexandria, as we were bound to do by Treaty. In this he said that no consideration on earth should make him acqui-efee; and of the two he had rather fee us in possession of the Fauxbourg St. Antoine than Malta. He then adverted to the abide thrown out against him in the English public prints; but this he said, he did not so much regard as that which appeared in the French Papers published in London. This he considered as much more mischievous, since it was meant to excite this Country again!! him and his Government. He complained of the protection given to Georges and others of his defciiption, who instead of being lent to Canada, as had been repeatedly promised, were permitted to remain in England, huudfomely pensioned, and constantly committing all forts of crimes on the Coalts of France, as well as in the interior. In confirmation of this, he told me, that two men had within thele few days been apprehended in Normandy, and were now on their way to Paris, who were hired aifafilns, and employed determined by the Bishop of Arras, by the Baron deJRolle, by Georges, and by Duthcil, as would Ge fully proved in a Court of Justice, and made known to the world.

lie acknowledged, that the irritation he felt again!! England increased daily, because every wind (I make use as much as I can of his own ideas and expressions) which blew from England brought nothing but enmity and hatred against him.

He now went back to Egypt, and told me, that if he had felt the smallest inclination to take possession of it by force, he might have done it a month ago, by fending twenty-five thousand men to Aboukir, who would have, poll died ihemselves of the whole country in defiance of the four thousand British in Alexandria. That instead of 'that Garrison being a means of protecting Egypt, it was only furnishing him with a pretence for invading it. This he should not do, uhat~ tier might be his de fire to have it as a Colon 1/, bevause he did not think it n orth the rjk of a war, in which he might, perhaps, be considered as the aggnfi'or, and bp uhich he Jh on Id loj'e more than he could gain, since Jitoner or later Tgi/pt would In lung to France, either by the Jailing to pieces of the Turhish Empire, orbyjbme arrangement with the Forte.

As a proof of his desire to maintain Peace, he wished to know what he had to gain by going to War with England. A defeent was the only means of offence he had, and that he was determined to attempt by putting himself at the head of the Expedition. But how could it be flipposed, that after having gained the height on which he flood, he would rifkliis life and reputation in such a lnizardons attempt, unless forced to it by necessity, when the chances were that he and the greatest part of the Expedition would go to the bottom of thefea. He talked much on this subject, but never affected to diminish the danger. He acknowledged that there were one hundred chances to one against him; but full he was determined to attempt it, if War should be the consequence of the present difeuffion; and that such was the disposition of the Troops, that Army after Army w ould be found for the enterprize.

He then expatiated much on the natural force of the two Countries. France with an Army of four hundred and eighty thousand men, for to this amount it is, lie said, to be immediately completed, all ready for the most desperate enterprizes; and England with a Fleet that made her Milhefs of the Seas, and which he did not think he should be able to equal in less than ten years. Two such Countries, by a proper underfunding, might govern the World, but by their llrifes might overturn it. lie said, that if he had not felt the enmity of the British Government on every occasion since the Treaty of Amiens, there would have been nothing that he would not have done to prove his desire to conciliate; participation in indemnities as -well as in influence on the Continent; Treaties of Commerce; in fiiort, any thing that could have given satisfaction, and have tefiified his friendship. Nothing, however, had been able to conquer the hatred of the British Government, and therefore it was now come to the point, whether we should have Peace or War. To preserve Peace, the Treaty of Amiens must be fulfilled; the abuse in the public Prints, if not totally sup-f relied, at leaf! kept within bounds, and confined to the English Papers;

and the prote&ion so Openly given to his bitterest enemies (alluding to Georges and persons of that description) must be withdrawn. If War, it was necessary only to say so, and to refuse to fulfil the Treaty. He now made the tour of Europe to prove to me, that in its present state, there was no Power with which we could coalelce for the purpose of making War against France: consequently it was our interest to gain time, and if we had any point to gain, renew the War when circumstances were more favourable. He said, it was not doing him justice to suppose, that he conceived himself above the opinion of his Country or of Europe. He would not risk uniting Europe against him by any violent ad of aggreftion; neither was he so powerful in France as to persuade the Nation to go to War unless on good Grounds. He said, that he had not chaltiied the Algerines, from his unwillingness to excite the jealouly of other Powers, but he hoped that England, Russia, and France, would one day feel that it was their interest to destroy such a nest of thieves, and force them to live rather by cultivating their land than by plunder.

In the little I said to him, for he gave me in the course of two hours but very few opportunities of saying a word, I confined myself strictly to the tenor of your Lordship’s Instructions. I urged them in the same manner as 1 hud done to M. de Talleyrand, and dwelt as strongly a3 I could on the l’enlation which the publication of Sebastiani's Report had created in England, where the views of France towards Egypt mult always command the utmost vigilance and jealously. He maintained that what ought to convince us of his desire of Peace, was, on the one hand, the little he had to gain by renewing the War, and on the other the facility with which he might have taken possession of Egypt with the very' Ships and Troops which were now going from the Mediterranean to St. Domingo, and that with th4 approbation of all Europe, and more particularly of the Turks, who had repeatedly invited him to join with them for the purpose of forcing us to evacuate their territory.

I do not pretend to follow the arguments of the First Consul in detail; this would be impossible, from the vast variety of matter, which he took occasion to introduce. His purpose was evidently to convince me that on Malta must depend Peace or War, and at the same time to impress upon my mind a strong idea of the means he possessed of annoying us at home and abroad.

With regard to the mistrust and jealously which he said constantly prevailed since the conclusion of the Treaty of Amiens, I observed, that after a War of such long duration, so full of rancour, and carried on in a manner of which biftory has no example, it was but natural that a considerable degree of agitation should prevail; but this, like thefwell. after a ltorm, would gradually lubfide, if not kept up by the policy of either party; that 1 would not pretend to pronounce which had been the aggreiTor in the paper war of which he complained, and which was lull kept up, though with this difference, that in England it was independent of Government, and in France its very ad and deed. To this I added, that it must be admitted that we had such motives of mistrust against France as could not be alledged against us, and I was going to instance the accession of territory and influence gained by France since the Treaty, when he interrupted me by saying, 1 suppole you mean Piedmont and Switzerland; " ce font des Bagatellesand it must have been foreseen whilst the Negociation was pending; " Vous n’avez pas le Droit den parler a cette heure." I then alledged as a cause of mistrust and of jealously, the impolfibility of obtaining justice or any kind of redrtfs for any of His Majesty s subjects. lie asked me in what respect; and I told him that since the signing of the Treaty, not one British Claimant had been satisfied, although every Frenchman of that description had been lb within one month after that period; and that since I had been here, and I could lay as much of my predecessors, not one satisfactory answer had been obtained to the innumerable representations which we had been under the necessity of making in favour of British subjects and property, detained in the several Ports of France and elsewhere, without even a shadow of justice: Such an order of things, I said, was not made to inspire confidence; but on the contrary, mull create mistrust. This he said, must be attributed to the natural difficulties attending such suits, when both parties thought themselves right; but he denied that such delays could proceed from any dilinclination to do what was just and right. With regard to the pensions which were granted to French or Swiss individuals, I observed that they were given as a reward for past services during the War, and most certainly not for present ones, and ft ill less for such as had been insinuated, of a nature repugnant to the feelings of every individual in England, and to the universally acknowledged loyalty andt honour of the British Government. That as for any participation of indemnities, or other acceftions which His Majesty might have obtained,

I could take upon myself to allure him that His Majesty *s ambition led him rather to preserve than to acquire. And that with regard to the most propitious moment for renewing hostilities, His Majesty, whose sincere desire it was to continue the blessingsof Peace to His Subjects, would always consider such a measure as the greatest calamity; but that if His Majesty was so desirous of Peace, it must not be imputed to the difficulty of obtaining Allies; and the less so, as those means which it might be necessary to afford such Allies, for perhaps inadequate services," would all be concentrated in England, and giy*L a proportionate increase of energy to our own exertion^. VJ U U V? L

Append

(No. 5; 18® Ma

continue

1044

Appendix.

A. 1803

At this part of the conversation hfe rose from his chair, and told me, that he should give orders to General Ahdreofiy to enter on thfe discussion of this business with your Lordship; but he wished that I should at the same time be made acquainted with his motives and convinced of his sincerity rather from himself than from his Ministers. He then, after a conversation of two hours, during the greatest part of which he talked incessantly, conversed for a few moments 611 indifferent subjects, in apparent good humotir, and retired.

Such was nearly, as I can recoiled, the purport of this conference.

It mail however be observed, that he did not, as M. Talleyrand had done, affect to attribute Colonel Sebafiiani's Million to commercial motives only, but as one rendered necessary in a Military point of view, by the infradion by us of the Treaty of Amiens.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Whitworth.

t\ S. This conversation took place on Friday last, and this morning I saw M. de Talleyrand. He had been with the First Confui after I left biin, and he allured me that he had been very well satisfied with the frankness with which I had made my observations on what fell from him. I told him, that without entering into any farther detail, what I had fald to the First Confui amounted to an assurance of what I traded there could be no doubt, of the readiness of His Majesty's Ministers to remove all subjects of discussion, where that could be done without violating the Laws of the Country, and to fulfil flridly the engagements which they had contracted, in as much as that could be reconciled with the safety of the State. As this applied to Malta and Egypt, he gave me to understand that a project was in contemplation, by Which the integrity of the Turkish Empire would be so effectually secured as to do away every cause of doubt or uneasiness, either with regard to Egypt or any part of the Turkish dominions. He could not then, he said, explain himself farther. Under these cir-ctimstances no one can expect that we should relinquish that assurance which we have in hand, till something equally satisfactory is proposed And adopted.

Whitworth.

The Right Honourable Lord Hawkelbury,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 39.

My Lord, Downing-street,.February 18th, 1803.

Tour Excellency's Dispatch, of February 21ft, has been received, and laid before the King.

I have great satisfaction in communicating to you His Majesty's entire approbation of the able and judicious manner iri which you appear to have executed the Inftradions which I gave to you in my Dispatch of the 9th instattt.

The account you have given of your interview with the First Confui, is in every respect important.

It is unnecessary for me to remark on the tone and temper in which the fentiraents of the First Confui appear to have been expressed, or to •offer any observations in addition to those so properly made by your Excellencyat the time, upon several of the topicks which were brought forward by the First Confui in the course of your conversation; I shall therefore content myself with referring your Excellency to my Dispatch to Mr. Merry of August 28, 1802, in which the subject of the complaints of the French Government, respecting the Freedom of the Tress, the Emigrants, &c., are particularly difeufled. I cannot however, avoid noticing, that nothing approaching to explanation or satisfaction is stated to have been thrown out by the First Confui, in answer to the just represen tat ions and complaints of His Majesty, in consequence of the unwarrantable insinuations and charges contained in Colonel Sebastiani's Report against His Majesty's Government,— the Officer commanding His Forces in Egypt, and His Army in that quarter: But that on the other hand, the language of the First Confui has tended to strengthen and confirm the fefpicions which that publication was peculiarly calculated to excite.

I shall now proceed to give you some farther Inftradions on the language which it may be proper for you to hold respecting the charge which hasbeemadvanced against His Majesty s Government, of their unwillingness to fulfil the Treaty of Amiens. The Treaty of Amiens has been in a course of execution, on the part of His Majesty, in every article in which, according to the spirit of that Treaty, it has been found capable of execution. There cannot be the least doubt, that Egypt is at this time completely evacuated. The delay which had arisen in the evacuation of Alexandria, was owing to accidental circumstances, the particulars of which were explained to you in my Dispatch of the 30th November last; and I had every reason to believe, from the communication I had with General Andreofly on the subject, that the French -Government were perfectly satisfied with the explanation which he was authorized at the time to give them respecting it.

With regard to that Article of the Treaty which relates to Malta, the stipulations contained in it (owing to circumstances which it was not in the power of llis Majesty to controul), have not been found capable of execution. The refusal of Russia to accede to the arrangement, except on condition that the Maltese Langue should be abolished;—the silence of the Court of Berlin with respect to the invi-

tation that has been made to it, in consequence of the Treaty, to become a guaranteeing power;—the abolition of the Spanifti Priories, in defiance of the Treaty to which the King of Spain was a party;—the declaration of the Portuguese Government of their intention to fequef-trate the property of the Portuguese Priory, as forming a part of the Spanish Langue, unless the property of the Spanish Priories is restored to them the non-elediou of a Grand Master;—These circumstances would have been sufficient, without any other special grounds, to have warranted His Majesty in suspending the evacuation of the Island, until some new arrangement could be adjusted for its security and independence. But when it is considered how greatly the dominion, power, and influence of France have of late been extended, His Majesty must feel, that he has an incontestible right, conformably to the principles on which the Treaty of Peace was negociated and concluded, to demand additional securities in any new arrangement which it might be necessary to make, with a view of effecting the real objects of that (treaty. And these considerations, sufficient as they might be in themselves to justify the line of conduct which His Majesty had determined to adopt, have received additional force from the views which have been recently and unreservedly manifested by the French Government, respecting the Turkish dominions, and the Blands in the Adriatic (1 and which have been in a great degree admitted by the Firfi Confui, m hisinteiview with your Excellency),—Views which are directly repugnant, not only to the Spirit, but to the Letter of the Treaty of Amiens.

From the Poftscript in your Excellency's letter, it appears that a project was in contemplation, by which, according to the declaration of M* Talleyrand, the integrity of the Turkish territory would be secured so as to do away every cause of doubt or uneasiness either with regard to Egypt 01; to any other part of the Turkish dominions. His Majesty will consider the communication of such a project as indicating a disposition on the part of the French Government, to afford him explanation and satisfaction respecting some of the points which have been the subject of His representations. But after all that has passed, His Majesty cannot consent that His Troops should evacuate the Island of Malta, until substantial security has been provided for those objects, which, under the present circumstances, might be materially endangered by their removal.

I am, &c.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, Hawkesbury.

&c. &c. &c.

No. 40.

My Lord, Paris, 5 th March, 1803.

I saw M« de Talleyrand yesterday, and acquitted myself of your Lord* ship's Inftradions. I recapitulated the several arguments therein contained, dwelling particularly 011 the open avowal of the First Consul's views in Egypt; and concluding with the Resolution ol His Majesty not to withdraw His Troops from Malta, until some security should be given, that by so doing His Majesty should not expose the safety of his own Dominions.

He heard me with great patience, and in answer endeavoured, as before, to convince me that there was no reason whatever for the apprehensions which we entertained. That it was true, the acquisition of Egypt had been, and perhaps Hill was, a favourite object of the First Conlul, but that it was not so much so as to allow hnn to go to War for its attainment.

I then told him that what had in a particular manner excited the attention of your Lordship, in my last Report, was the assurance he had given me of some project being in contemplation, whereby the integrity of the Turkish Empire would be so insured, in all its parts, as to remove every doubt or apprehension. I begged him, therefore, to explain himself on this subject, which I conceived to be of the utmost importance; since it was only by such means that both parties could be satisfied. He then gave me to understand, that what he had termed a project was nothing more than what had been expressed in the First Confers Message to the Legislative Body, when lie fays, that there is a French Ambafliidor at Constantinople, who is charged to give every assurance of the disposition of France to strengthen, instead of to weaken, that Government. I expressed a doubt whether this, or any other parole security, would be considered as sufficient in such a trans-action. Hereupon he repeated the question—What then is the security which you require, and which the First Confui can give ? This, I told him, must be the subject of the Negociation on which we were willing to enter; and I traded that the French Government would bring into it the fame temper, and the fame real desire to conciliate, which was-manifested by His Majesty s Ministers.

M. de Talleyrand now informed me, that the First Confui had, five or six days ago, ordered Inftradions to be sent to General Andreofly, by which he was to require an immediate and categorical answer to the plain question—Whether His Majesty would, or would not, cause Malta to be evacuated by the British Troops ? That he concluded this communication was already made, and that he expected to learn the refelt of it in a very few days; adding, that all the First Confui wanted was to know precisely on what he had to depend.

I could not help lamenting this precipitate measure, since it could answer no good purpose, and would only tend to introduce, into the discussion ill-humour and oflenH^ A irrnittr in hlopo ~xf rfilnnlHonatC

I t VJVJtJS

jpendix,

S3 )

8* Mali,

qh tinned.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

1045

reasoning. I begged him, however, to be prepared, and to prepare the First Consul, to meet with more opposition to his will than he had been accustomed to on similar occasions.

I told him, that llis Majesty was willing to difculs the point in dispute with fairness and candour, but certainly never would be intimidated into acquiescence; and I repeatedly urged, that if he wished well to the Peace of the two Countries, he should prepare the Fir A Consul for the consequences which might naturally be expelled from this llcp, and thus prevent the effect of any sudden guli of ill-humour. He was unwilling to admit that there could be any chance of Satisfying the First Consul short of a compliance with his willies, founded, as he pretended, on good-faith.

Our converlation ended here, and I wait the result of General Andreoffy's communication with the utmost impatience:

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth.

P. S. In the interval between the writing and the transcribing the above Di( patch, I have taken another opportunity of seeing M. de 'ialleyrand, and I am glad to find, that (for what purpose I know not) he had represented the luftrudions to General AndreolVy as much more absolute and ofieniive than they really are. I found him today entirely diipoied to give me another opinion, and to convince me that the First Consul, far from wishing to carry matters to extremity, was deiirous to difculs fairly, and without passion, a point which he admitted was ol importance to both Countries, lie repeatedly allured me, that much as the First Consul might have the acquitition of Fgypt at heart, he would sacrifice his own feelings to the preservation ot Peace; and henceforth seek to augment his glory, by improving and consolidating the internal situation of the Country, rather than by adding to its possessions.

Right honourable Lord Ilawkeffiury, (Signed) IF.

&c. &c. &c.

No. 41..

Translation of a Note from -General Andreofly to Lord Hawkcfbury; dated March io, 1803.

The undersigned Ambassador and Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to His Britannic Majesty, had received from the First Consul express orders to require from the British Government fotne explanations respecting the protracted occupation of the Island of Malta by the English Troops, lie had hoped that verbal communications would have been sufficient to have produced satisfatlory expositions, by preparing the way for the mutual conciliation of minds and interests, a conduct which has been prescribrd to him by his ardent zeal for the maintenance of harmony between the two Countries, and of the Peace of Europe, objects of the solicitude of the French Government: but the undersigned thinks lie can no longer delay complying with the Iiistructions he had received, and he has therefore the honour of addrefting the following Observations to his Excellency Lord J lawkef-bury, which recal to recoiled ion the spirit and the leading features of the verbal communications which lie Las previously made to him.

By the conditions of the foui th paragraph of the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, the English Troops were to evacuate the Island of Malta and its Dependencies three months after the exchange of the ratifications.

Ten months have dapfed fmee the Ratifications have been exchanged, and the English Troops arc lull at Malta.

The French Troops, on the contrary, who were to evacuate the Neapolitan and Papal States, have not waited the expiration of the three months which were granted to them to withdraw, and have quitted Tarentum, the Fortifications of which they had re-established, and where they had collected 100 pieces ol cannon.

What can be alledged in juliideation of the delay in evacuating Malta? has not the tenth article of the Treaty of Amiens provided for every thing? And the Neapolitan Troops being arrived, under what pretext do those of England still remain there?

Is it because all the Powers enumerated in the Olh paragraph have not yet accepted the guaranty which is devolved upon them? But this h not a condition that relates to the evacuation of the Island; and besides, Austria has already lent its ad of guaranty: Russia itself has made only a single difficulty, which is done away by the accession of the First Consul to the modifications proposed, unless indeed England itself throws obtiacles in the way, by refilling to accede to the proposals of Russia, which, alter all, could not acted the engagements of llis Britannic Majesty, who, according to the express conditions of the Treaty, is to evacuate the Island of Malta within three months, placing it under the guard of the Neapolitans, who are to garrison it,

, until the definitive arrangements of the Order are settled.

Itftiould therefore fecin impossible, and it would be without example . in the history of Nations, were His Britannic Majesty to refuse to , execute a fundamental Article of the Pacification, of the very one, which, in the drawing up of the Preliminaries, was considered as the first, and as requiring to be settled previously to every other point.

p Indeed, the First Consul, who cordially relies on the intentions of

'VOL. 5S.

llis Britannic Majesty, and cannot suppose them to be less open and generous than those with which he is animated, has hitherto been unwilling to attribute the delay of the evacuation of the Island of Malta, to any other than to Maritime circumstances.

The undersigned is, therefore, charged to require Explanations on this point, and he is persuaded that the British Ministry will be the more anxious to furnish such as will be satisfactory, as they must be sensible how necessary they are for the maintenance of harmony, and how important they are for the honour of the two Nations.

The undersigned avails himself of this opportunity to renew to Lord Iiawkesbury the afibrances of his high consideration.

(Signed) F. Andreoffjj.

Portland Place, 10th March 1803.

Appendi; (No. S3 18° M

continual.

No. 42.

My Lord, Paris, March 12, 1803.

The Messenger (Mason) arrived yefteiday morning early, with youf Lnrdship’s Letter of the 7th, informing me, that in consequence of the preparations in the Ports of France and Holland, which, though avowedly intended for Colonial service, might, in the event of a rupture, be turned against some part of the British Dominions, His Majesty had judged it expedient to fend a Message to both Houses of Parliament, recommending, in terms void of olience, the adoption of such measures as may be conftfient with the honour of His Crown, and the security of His Dominions, and at the same time such as will manifest llis Majestys disposition for the preservation of Peace,

I beg leave to return your I.ordship my thanks for having apprized me of this cireumftance by afpecial Messenger; I found, however, on going to M. de Talleyrand, at two o’clock, that he was already informed of it. Fie was just letting out to communicate it to the First Consul, and appeared under considerable agitation. He returned with rne to his Cabinet, and, though he told me he was pressed for time, he fullered me to relate the ckcumfrance without interruption. I endeavoured to make him sensible that this measure was merely precautionary, and not in the lead degree intended as a menace. I concluded my observations by repeating, that it was merely a measure of self security, founded on the armaments which were carrying on in the Ports of France and Holland, remarking at the same time, that had not even these Armaments been as notorious as they were, the very cireumftance of the First Confute determination to augment so considerably his Army in time of Peace would have been a full and sufficient motive for such a measure of precaution.

M. de Talleyrand now informed me that he was already acquainted with the business; that a Messenger had that morning arrived, who had brought him a copy of the Message, which he communicated to me. I could draw from him no reply whatever to my observations, lie confined himself strictly to the afiiirance which he has lb rej>eatedly made, that there was no foundation whatever for the alarm which was felt by His Majesty’s Ministers; that the First Consul was pacific; that he had no thoughts whatever of attacking llis Majesty s Dominions, unless forced to do so by a commencement of Mobilities on our part; that he should always consider the rcjujhl to evacuate Malta as such h Commencement of Hojlilitics; and that as we had hitherto helitated to do so, he was justified in adopting the measures which might eventually be necessary. He disclaimed every idea of the armaments fitting out in the Dutch Ports having any other destina-tion than to the Colonies, and concluded, that for his part, he could not comprehend the motives which had neceifitated a resort to such a measure on the part of llis Majesty’s Government.

lie then desired leave to go to the First Consul, promising that he would let me know the result when we met at dinner at the Prussian Ministers. He did not come there till near seven o'clock, and when we rose from dinner he took me aside, and informed me, that although the First Consul had been highly irritated at the unjult suspicion which His Majesty’s Government entertained, yet he would not allow himself to be so far mastered by his feelings, as to loth fight of the calamities which the present diicuftion might entail upon humanity. He dwelt much on this topic, and explained the measures to which he should be obliged to resort; he Paid, that if England wished to difeufs fairly, he wished the fame; that if England prepared for War, he would do the fame; and that if England should finally determine on Mobilities, he trusted to the support of the French Nation in the cause of honour and of justice. It was in vain that I repeated that England did not wifti for War; that Peace was as necesiary to us as it could be to France; that all we desired, and all that we were contending for, was security; that every thing proved to us that that security was threatened by the First Confute views on Egypt; and that consequently, our refusal to evacuate Malta was become as much a necessary measure of precaution, as the defence of any part of His Majesty’s Dominions. To this kind of reasoning M. de 'ialleyrand opposed the moderation of the First Consul, his great self denial, and his determination to sacrifice even the raoft favourite points to his sincere desire to avoid a rupture.

M. de Talleyrand now told me, that, in order to facilitate my communication of the First Confute sentiments, he would communicate to roe a Paper which he had that morning drawn up with him: that it

12 wu

1046

Appendix.

A. 1803.

was not to be considered as any thing absolutely official *, that it was a Memorandum to assist me; but inch as I might, if I chose, transmit to your Lordship. I now inclose it.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth*

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

(Note Verbale, referred to in No. 42.)

(Translation.)

I. If His Britannick Majesty in His mefiage means to speak of the Expedition of Helvoetfluys, all the world knows that it was destined for America, and that it was on the point of failing for its destination; but, in consequence of His Majesty's Message, the embarkation and putting to sea are about to be countermanded.

II. If we do not receive satisfactory explanation respecting these Armaments in England, and if they uriually take place, it is natural that the First Consul should march 20,000 men into Holland, since Holland is mentioned in the MeiVage.

III. These Troops being once in the Country, it is natural that an Encampment should be formed on the Frontiers of Hanover; and, moreover, that additional bodies should join those Troops which were already embarked for America, in order to form new Embarkations, and to maintain an offensive and defensive position.

IV. It is natural that the First Consul should order several Camps to be formed at Calais, and on different points of the Coasts.

V. It is likewise in the nature of things, that the First Consul, who was on the point of evacuating Switzerland, should be under the necessity of continuing a French Army in that Country.

VI. It is also the natural consequence of all this, that the First Consul should fend a fresh force into Italy, in order to occupy, in case of necessity, the poiition of Tarentum.

VII. England arming, and arming with so much publicity, will compel France to put her Armies on the War Establishment, a step so important as cannot fail to agitate all Europe.

vous battre je me battrai aussi. Vous pourrez peut-etre tuer la France mais jamais rintimider."—■" On ne voudroit/' laid I, " ni l’un ni l’autre. On voudroit vivre en bonne Intelligence avec elle."—41 11 faut done resperier les Traites," replied he; " Malheur a ceux qui ne resperient pas les Traites; ils en feront relponfable <1 toute 1'Europe/'— He was too much agitated to make it advisable for me to prolong the conversation; 1 therelbre made no answer, and he retired to his apartment, repeating the lait phrase.

It is to be remarked that all this passed loud enough to be overheard by two hundred People who were present; and I am persuaded that there was not a single Person who did not feel the extreme impropriety of his conduct, and the total want of dignity, as well as of decency, on the occufion.

I propose taking the first opportunity of speaking to M. Talleyrand on this subjcch

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whituortk. Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury, &c. &c. &c.

No. 44.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to Lord Whitworth;

dated March 15, 1803.

I fend your Excellency a copy of the Note presented to me by General Andreoliy on the tenth inrtant*, and a copy of the Answer which I have this ci ty, by His Majesty’s Commands, returned to it.

The result of all these movements will be to irritate the two Countries (till more. France will have been compelled to take all these precautions in consequence of the English Armaments, and nevertheless every means will be taken to excite the English Nation by the alertion, that France meditates an Invasion. The whole British Population will be obliged to put themselves under Arms For their Defence, and their Export Trade will, even before the War, be in a ft ate of stagnation throughout the whole extent of the Countries occupied by the French Arms.

The experience of Nations, and the course of events prove, that the distance between such a/ state of things and actual hostility, is unfortunately not remote.

As to the Differences, of which mention is made in His Britannick Majesty’s Message, we know not of any that we have with England; for it cannot be imagined that a serious intention can have exilled in England of evading the execution of the Treaty of Amiens, under the protection of a Military Armament. Europe well knows that it is possible to attempt the difincmberment of France, but not to intimidate her.

No. 43.

My Lord, Paris, March 14, 1803.

The Messenger (Mason) went on Saturday with my Disputches of that date, and until yesterday (Sunday)'I law no one likely to give me any further Information, such as I could depend upon, as to the effect which llis Majesty’s Message had produced on the First Consul, At the Court which was held at the Thuilleries upon that day, lie ac-cofted me evidently under very considerable agitation, lie began by aiking me if I had any news from England. I told him that I had received Letters from your Lordship two days ago. lie immediately laid, And so you are determined to go to War. No! I replied, we are loo leiffible of the advantages of Peace.—" Nous avuns," said lie,

" deja salt la Guerre pendant quinze ans/'—As lie seemed to wait for an answer, I observed only, " C’en eft dejk trop."—" Mais," laid lie,

44 vous voulez la faire encore quinze annecs, et vous m’y loryez."—I told liim, that was very far from His Majesty's intentions.—He then proceeded to Count Marrow and the Chevalier Azara, who were Handing together at a little distance from me, and said to them, " Les Anglois veulent la Guerre, mais s’ils iontles premiers h tirer 1 Epee, je lore.i le dernier h. la remettre. 11s ne resperient pas les Traites. II faut dorenavant les couvrir de crepe noir."—He then went his round. In a few minutes he came back to me, and resumed the convcrliUion, if such it can be called, by something personally civil to me. lie trtrail again.—u Pourquoi lies Armfcmens? Contre qui des mesures de precaution? Je n'ai pas un seul Vaisseau de Ligne dans les Ports de France; mais fi vous voulez armer, j’armerai aussi; ft vous voulez

No. 45.

Note.

The undersigned, His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign A flairs, has laid before the King the Note of his Excellency the French Ambassador of the loth inliant.

In obeying the Commands of His Majesty, by returning an official Answer to this Note, the undersigned feels it necessary for him to do little more than repeat the explanations which have been already given on more than one occufton by himself verbally to General An-dreolTy, and by Lord Whitworth to M. Talleyrand, on the subject of the Note, and of the points which appear to be connected with it.

He can have no difficulty in uffuring the French Ambassador, that His Majesty has entertained a mod sincere desire that the Treaty of Amiens might be executed in a full and complete manner; but it has not been possible for him to consider this Treaty as having been founded on principles different from those which have been invariably applied to every other antecedent Treaty or Convention, namely, that they were negeciated with reference to the achvAfate of possession of the dif-•rent parties, and to the Treaties or public Engagements by which they were bound at the time of its conclusion; and that if that ltate of possession and of engagements was so materially altered by the act of either of the Parties as to affect the nature of the Compari itself, tb« other Party has a right, according to the Law of Nations, to interfere for the purpose of obtaining satisfariion or compensation for any essential difference which such Aris may have subsequently made in their relative situation; that if there ever was a case to which this principle might be applied with peculiar propriety, it was that of the late Treaty of Peace; for the Negociation was conducted on a bafts not merely proposed by His Majesty, but specially agreed to, in an Official Note, by the French Government, viz. that Bis Mqjcjlit should keep a compensation out of his Conqurjh for the important acquisition of Territory ‘made bp France upon the Continent. That is a sufficient proof that the Compact was understood to have been concluded in relation to the then exiliing state of things; for the measure of His Majesty's Compensation was to be calculated with reference to the Acquifttions of France at that time; and if the interference of the French Government in the general Affairs of Europe since that period; if their interpofttion with relped to Switzerland and Holland, whole independence was guarantied by them at the time of the cmiclufion of the Treaty of Peace; if the acquisitions which have been made by France in various quarters, but particularly these m Italy, have extended the territory and increased the pow’er of France. His Majesty would be warranted, conliltently with the spirit 01 the I Treaty of Peace, in claiming equivalents for these acquisitions, as a I counterpoise to the augmentation of the power of France. His Majesty, however, anxious to prevent all ground of misunderstanding and delirous of consolidating the general Peace of Europe, as far as might be in His power, was willing to have \va\ed the pretentions he might have a right to advance of this nature; and as the other Articles of the Definitive Treaty have been in a course of execution on his part, lo he would have been ready to have carried into cfieri an arrangement conformable to the true intent and spirit of the tenth Article; the execution of that arrangement, according to its terms, having been rendeied impracticable by circumstances which it was not in His Majesty s Power to controul. Whilst His Majesty was actuated by these lent -nients of moderation and forbearance, and prepared to regulate hi*

* Yidc page 1045.

con daft

104T

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

conduct in conformity to them, his attention was particularly attracted by the very extraordinary publication of the Report of Colonel Schaf-tiani to the First Consul. '1 his Report contains the most unjuitifiable inliniUitions and charges ugainlt his Majesty’s Government; against the Officer commanding His Forces in Egypt, and against the British Army in that Quarter: insinuations and charges wholly destitute of foundation, and inch as Would have warranted His Majesty in demanding that latisiaclion which, on occasions ol this nature, independent Powers, in a l'tate ot Amity, have a right to expect from each other.

It discloses, moreover, view’s in the highest degree injurious to the interests of His Majesty's Dominions, and directly repugnant to, and utterly inconsistent with, the spirit and letter of the t reaty of Peace concluded between His Majesty and the French Government. His Majestys Amhaflador at Paris was accordingly directed to make such a representation to the French Government, as His Majesty felt to be called lor by imputations of the nature aibove described, by the diictolure of purposes mconfilrent with good fa«lh, and highly injurious to the interests of His People: and, as a claim had recently been made l>y the French Government on the subject of the evacuation of Malta, Lord Whitworth was inltructed to accompany this representation by a Declaration on the part of L is Majesty, that before he could enter into any further Dilcuflions relative to that llland, it was expected that satisfactory explanations should be given upon the various points respecting which his Majesty had complained. rFhis representation, and this claim, founded on principles incontcltably just, and couched in terms the mo ft temperate, appear to have been wholly disregarded by the French Government; no satisfaction has been attended, no explanation whatever has been given; but on the contrary, his Majesty's ful'picions of the views of the French Government with repect to the Turkish Empire have been confirmed and strengthened by subsequent events. Under these circumstances His Majesty feels that he has no alternative, and that ajuft regard to His own honour, and to the interests of His People, makes it necessary lor Him to declare, that He cannot consent that his Troops should evacuate the Island of Malta, until substantial security has been provided for those objects which, under the present circumstances, might be materially endangered by their removal.

With respect to several of the positions dated in the Note, and grounded on the idea of the 10th Article being executed in its literal sense, they call for some observations. By the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, the Iftund of Malta was to be reliored by His Majesty to the Order of St. John, upon certain conditions. The evacuation of the Island, at a specified period, formed a part of these conditions; and if the other fripulations had been in a due course of execution, His Majesty would have been bound, by the terms of the Treaty, to have ordered His Forces to evacuate the llland: but these conditions mud be considered as being all of equal etTed; and if any material parts of them should have been found incapable of execution, or if the execution of them diould, from any circumstances, have been retarded, His Majesty would be warranted in deferring the evacuation of the Island until such time as the other conditions of the Article could be efletted; or until some new arrangement could be concluded which diould be judged satisfactory by the contracting Parties. The refusal of Ruilia to accede to the arrangement, except on condition that the Maltese Langue should be abolished; the silence of the Court of Berlin, with respect to the invitation that has been made to it, in consequence of the Treaty, to become a guarantying Power; the abolition of the Spanish Priories, in dedance of the Treaty to which the King of JSpain was a party; the declaration of the Portuguese Government, of their intention to fequebrate the property of the Portuguese Priory, as forming a part of the Spanish Langue, unless the property of the Spanish Priories was restored to them,— these circumstances would have been sufficient, without any other special grounds, to have warranted His Majesty in suspending the evacuation of the Island. The evacuation of Tarentum and Brundufium is in no respect connected with that of Malta. The French Government were bound to evacuate the Kingdom of Naples by their Treaty of Peace with the King of Naples, at a period antecedent to that at which this ftipula-tion uras carried into etfed.

The French Government were bound likewise, by engagements with the Emperor of Russia, to respect the independence of the Kingdom of Naples; but even admitting that the departure of the French Troops from Tarentum depended solely on the Article of the Treaty of Amiens, their departure is, by the terms of the Treaty, to take place at the fame period as the other evacuations in Europe; namely, one month after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty; at which period both Porto Ferrajo and Minorca were evacuated by His Majesty’s Forces; whereas the Troops of His Majesty were in no case bound to evacuate the llland of Malta antecedent to the period of three months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty; and even in that event, it mud be considered as depending upon the other parts of the arrangement being in a course of execution. With respect to the assertion in the Note, that the Neapolitan Troops were to form the Garrison of Malta until the period when the arrangements relative to the Order could be carried into effect, it will appear, by a reference to

Appendix

the Article, that by the preliminary paragraph, the Island was to be restored tc\ the Order upon the condition of the succceding fiipula- (DfO. 53*J

tions, and that it was only from the period when the refiitution to the j g* Mail

Order had actually taken place, that, by the 12th paragraph, the.

Neapolitan Troops were to form a part of the Garrison. continued.

The undersigned has thus dated, with all the frankness which the >■ — w.- ——

importance oi the subject appears to require, the lentiments of His Majesty on the Note delivered to him by General AndreolTy, and on the points in difcullion between the two Countries.

His Majesty is willing to indulge the hope, that the conduct of the French Government on this occasion may be influenced by principles . similar to those which have invariably influenced His own: That, as far as podible, all causes of distrust, and every impediment to a good understanding between the two Countries, may be completely and effectually removed, and that the Peace may be consolidated on a secure and lading foundation.

The underlined requests General Andreofly to accept the assurances of his higli consideration.

Downing dreet, March 15, 1803.

(Signed) tiawhesbury

his Excellency General Andreofly, &c. &c. &c.

No. 46.

My Lord, Paris, March 17, 1803.

I called yederday on M. de Talleyrand, to converle with him on the subject of what had paiVed on Sunday last at the Thuilleries. He had been since that day so fully occupied with his expeditions to different Foreign Courts, that I had no opportunity of seeing him sooner. I told him, that I had been placed by the First Conlul in a situation which could neither suit my public nor my private feelings. That I went to the Thuilleries to pay my respeifts to the Fird Consul. and to present my Countrymen, but not to treat of political subject a; and that unlci's I had the assurance from him, that I should not be exposed to a repetition of the fame disagreeable circumstances, 1 /hould be under the necessity of discontinuing my visits to the Thuilleries. M. de Talleyrand act'ured me, that it was very far from the Fird Confid'd intention to didress me; but he had felt himself personally insulted by the charges which were brought against him by the English Government; and that it was incumbent upon him to take the JirJt oppor-turnip of exculpating himself in the presence of the Ministers of the different Powers of Europe.—He allured me that nothing similar would occur.

, (Signed) Whitvforth.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkeflmry,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 47.

My Lord, Paris, March 18, 1803.

I received your Lordships Dispatch, with its Inclosures, this morning early; and I learnt at the same time that a Messenger had arrived from General Andreofly to M. de Talleyrand; shortly after, M. de Talleyrand lent to desire I w'ould call upon him, which I accordingly did. lie told me, that he had not only received your Lordship’s Note to the French Ambaflhdor, but also the sentiments of the First Consul upon it, which he was delirous to communicate to me, before.he re-dispatched the Messenger. This he did, and I refer your Lordship to the communication which General Andreofly will make, according to his Instrutf ions, without loss of time.

From the tenor of this Note, it appears that this Government is not delirous to proceed to extremities; that is to say, it is not prepared so to do; and therefore it expresses a willingness to enter on the difcuiTion of the point, which appears according to their conception, or rather to the interpretation they choose to give to it, the most material. This of course is the lafety of Egypt. On this the Fil'd Consul declares in the Note, as M. de Talleyrand did repeatedly to me, that he would be willing to enter into any engagement, by which such a security as would fully quiet our apprehensions, might be given on the part of the French Government. On the subject of Malta, the Fird Consul maintains, that he cannot iiflen to any compromise; with regard to Egypt, he is willing to enter into any engagement which may be thought sufficient.

I told him, that he had departed from the letter and the sense of your Lordship’s Note, by confining the question to Malta alone. That Note had comprehended other most important considerations. That the bed method of bringing the difcullion to a speedy conclusion, i’uch as His Majesty’s Government appeared to wish, was to take it up on a broader seale. But that at the same time His Majesty’s Government would not refuse to lend itself to any thing reasonable which might be suggested. There was however, I told him, one dist^ndion to be made in the situation of the two Governments, in the difcullion of this question. By our poflhflion of Malta, France was not threatened; but the reverie was the case, should the access to Egypt be opened by its evacuation.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitwrth.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkcfbury,

&c. &c. 6c0.

L048

' Appendix

A. 1803.

ippendix. No. 53.) l8° Maiiy continued.

t

r

1

No. 48.

My Lord, Downing-street, March 22,1&03.

Your Excellency’s feverd Dispatches, to No. 26 inclusive, have been received , and laid before the King.

With respect to the fulled of your Excellency's Dispatch of March 14, I have it in command to signify to you His Majesty's pleasure, that you take the earliest opportunity to represent to Monsieur de Talley-randt thefurprife with which His Majesty has learnt the conduct which the First Consul had observed towards your Excellency in the instance to which that Dispatch refers; and you will add, that, as His Majesty has a right to expect that His Ambassador should be treated with the respect and attention due to the dignity of the Sovereign whom he represen ts, it will be impossible for you to present youiielf on any days of ceremony to the First Consul, unless you receive an assurance that you will never be exposed to a repetition of the treatment which you experienced on the occasion.

Although your Excellency appears to have anticipated this Instruction in one of your mod recent conventions with Monsieur de Talleyrand, I nevertheless think it right to enable your Excellency to Hate to that Minister, the sense which the King entertains of this transaction.

I am, with great truth and respect, &c.

(Signed) Havckesbury.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, k. b.

6lc. &c. &c.

No. 49.

My Lord, Downing-street, April 3, 1803.

1 inclose to your Excellency, for your information, Copies of the ohicial Note delivered to me on the rplh ultimo by General Andreofly, and of the Answer which, by His Majesty’s command, 1 this day returned to that communication.

1 am, with great truth and respect, &c.

(Signed) Hawkcsbury.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, K. u.

&c. &c. &c.

(Translation of the First Inclosure referred to in No. 49.)

The undersigned General of Division, AmbatTador and Minister Plenipotentiary from the French Republic, has laid before his Government the Note addressed to him by his Excellency Lord llawkeflmry. lie has received orders to make the following Answer to the Observations therein contained :—

The object of thisf Note appears to be to explain His Britannic Majesty s Message; and to give some elucidations which had been demanded respecting the execution of the Treaty of Amiens.

The First Consul will not make any complaint relative to the extraordinary and unexpcifted assertion of this Act issued by Llis Britannic Majesty.. Net one of them is founded*

His Britannic Majesty believes that His Kingdom is menaced by preparations made in the Ports’of Holland and France. He has been deceived: The First Consul has made no preparation.

There were at the time of the message, but two Frigates in the koads of Holland, and but three Corvettes in the Road of Dunkirk.

How can His Britannic Majesty s Ministers have been deceived on fads so evident ? His Britannic Majesty's Ambassadors at Paris and at the Hague have seriously to reproach themselves, if they have credited information so evidently false, and if they did not foresee that they thereby exposed their Government to* err in the most important deliberations.

Was it not conformable to the usage practised among Nations, first to demand explanations, and thus to take means for being convinced of the falftiood of the intelligence which the Ministers might have received ? Must not the least eftefts of the omission of this practice be, to brinj^on the ruin of Families, and carry confusion, uncertainty, and disorder into all the Commercial Affairs of both Nations I—The First Consul knows, both from his own sentiments, and judging of other people by the French, that a great Nation can never be terrified*. He believes that good policy, and the feelings of true dignity* ever inspire the sentiment of esteem for a rival Nation, and never the design of menacing her. A great Nation may be destroyed, but not intimidated* The second part of Ills Majesty s Message consists of another act’er-tion no better founded. His Britannic Majesty makes mention of dif-. fuflions, the success of which is doubtful. What are these difeuflions? What official Notes, what Protocole prove the opening, the progress, the vicissitudes of a Debate ? Can a state of difficulties, which leads to in alternative of Peace or War, spring up unawares without com-nu ncement, without propreflion, and lead without distinction, to an appeal to Arms, before all the means of conciliation have been ejftiaufted

In this case, the appeal has been publicly made before it could be known that there was room for misunderftunding. The termination of tkie difeuflions was announced before they had begun. The issue of a difficult Difcuftion has been declared before it arose. What would Europe, what would both Nations think, if they knew that these dif-

cufiions, announced by His Britannic Majesty as so difficult to terminate, were unknown to the French Government; and that the First Consul, on reading the Message, could not comprehend the meaning of either of the declarations therein contained.

He has also ahftained from any ostensible step; and whatever may have been the clamour, the activity, the provocations of War, which have taken place in England since that Message, he has given no orders he has made no dispositions, no preparations, lie places his glory in an affair of this nature, wholly in being taken in an unprovided llate.

He will continue in this systemof honest frankness, until llis Britannic Majesty has reflected fully on the part he proposes to take.

In Lord Hawkesbury’s Note, an opinion is exprefi’ed, that the French Republic has increased in power since the Peace of Amiens. This is a decided error. Since that epoch, France has evacuated a considerable territory. The French Power has received no degree of augmentation.

If His Britannic Majesty is determined to make War, lie may alledge all the pretexts he pleases. He will find few less founded.

As to the complaints made respecting the publications which may have appeared in France, they are of an order too secondary to be capable of influencing such a decition. Are we then returned to the age of Tournaments ? Motives of this nature might have authorized, four centuries ago, the Combat of Thirties; but they cannot, in this age, be a reason for War between the two Countries*

It might l'uffice in this respect to reply to his Excellency, that no Representation has been made by him on the subject to the Government of the Republick; and that, if it was but justice to grant fati$-faction, the First Consul had a right to expect that which was required by M. Otto, in his Note of the 2*2d Thennidor last, upon grounds more serious and more just.

Is it possible that the English Ministry can have been ignorant, that ever since the conclusion of the Treaty of Amiens, the English Press has not cealed to spread through Europe the rage of War, the discredit of Peace, and (hameless and boundless outrages against every thing which is the object of the love and veneration of the French People?

A few days after the Ratification of Peace, one of His Britannic Majesty’s Ministers declared that the Peace Establishment must be considerable; and the distrult excited by this Declaration, made in Parliament with as much bitterness as impropriety, furnished a commentary for the exaggeration and alarms which were circulated in despicable pamphlets, and in newspapers as contemptible as those libels. Since that time, these Writers have found themselves invariably supported in their infoient observations by particular phrases taken from the speeches of some leading Members of Parliament. These speeches, Icarcely to be exceeded by the News-writers themselves, have, for these eighteen months, tended to encourage insult against other Governments to that degree, that every European must be offended, and every reasonable Englishmen must be humiliated, by such unheard of licentioufnefc.

What, if we connect with these {allies, proceedings more offensive and serious; the indulgence granted to French Criminals, publiflfing daily outrages in the French language; the still more inexcusable toleration extended to Villains covered with crimes, and plotting affufli nations incessantly, such as Georges, who still continues to reside at London protected, and having a considerable Establishment; in a word, the little Justice which has been shewn to all our Representations—How are we to account for the publicity of the complaint which His Britannic Majesty has thought proper to make respecting fomt-indefinite wrongs which he has hitherto thought unnecessary to bring before the First Consul

The First Consul has had cause to be convinced that all his representations on all these points were useless, and that llis Britannic Majesty, regardless of the neighbouring Powers, was resolved to authorize every thing within His Dominions; but he did not on that account entertain a doubt of the continuance of Peace, nor alarm Europe with the notification of War. He confined himself to this principle of conduct, to permit or prevent in France, with respect to England, whatever should be permitted or prevented in England with regard to France.

He haSy however, expressied, and he again expressies his wijht that means should be adopted to prevent in future any mention being made of what is passing in France, either in the official difeuffions, or in the polemical writings in England, as in like manner, in the French official discuffiions and polemical writings, no mention whatever should be made oj what ts puffing in England.

Lord Hawkefhury mentions an article in a newspaper, containing the report of a French Colonel. In-serious difeuflions, an answer on this point miglvt be dispensed with; but it is neither a long nor difficult matter.

A Colonel in the English Army has published a work in England, filled with the most atrocious and diigufting calumnies against the French Army and its General. The lies it contains have been contradicted by the reception which Colonel Sebauiani experienced. The publicity of his Report was at once a refutation and reparation which the French Army had a right to expect. On his arrival in Egypt, this Officer, to his groat aftoniftunent, found the English Army there, although they should have evacuated it, and the Turks prodigiously

’ alarmed

1049

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

alarmed at the continuance of the English Army, and at its relations with the Natives in rebellion and open revolt against the Sublime Porte.

He most have conceived that the Treaties which conned us with the Porte, and by which we have guaranteed to it the integrity of its pofl'efiions, compelled us to unite ourselves with that Power. It was natural to think that England meant to declare War from the instant Hie refuled to execute the articles of the Treaty. For, after all, France is not reduced to such a Hate of debasement as to fufler Treaties made with her to be executed, or not, at pleasure.

Hence the researches made by this Officer, as to the Forces which were in Egypt, and as to the political occupied by the English Army.

But Egypt has since been restored to the dominion of its lawful Sovereign, and the idea of a rupture between the two Nations on account of the engagement contracted with the Porte, no longer exists.

There remains, therefore, but one object worthy of fixing the attention of the two Nations. The execution of the Treaty of Amiens, as far as concerns Malta. His Majesty has engaged to restore it to the Order, and to entrust it to the Neapolitan Army till the Order should be in a condition to guard it. His Majesty will reject all sophistry, every distindion, ever}’ mental reservation which might he offered to him, to put in doubt the force and validity of His engagement. His Britannic Majesty1s equity, his confidence in this relped, are guarantees for the French Kepublick. Were it otherwise, what means in future would the two Nations have for coining to an understanding ? Would not all be chaos ? This would indeed be adding another calamity to those which have menaced social order.

The undersigned is directed to declare, in short, That the First Con-ful will not take up the defiance of War given by England to France; that as to Malta, he fees no subject for difeuftion, the Treaty having provided for every thing, and settled every tiling.

The undersigned has the honour, See.

(Signed) F. Andrcqfl't/.

Portland Place, 8 Germinal, year u.

(29 March 1803.)

(Second Inclosure referred to in No. 49.)

The undersigned, His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has laid before the King the Note of his Excellency General AndreolTy, of the 29th of last month.

His Majesty has been induced, by that spirit of moderation and forbearance which have invariably governed his conduct in every part of His communications with the French Government, to abstain from making many observations, which the perusal of this Note may naturally have suggested to IIis mind.

His Majesty has perceived, with great regret, that the French Government continue to withhold all satisfaction and explanation on the points on which he has complained; and that at the time when they evade all difcullion on the subject of his representations, they perfill in their requisition that the Bland of Malta should be forthwith evacuated by His Forces.

His Majesty can never so far forget what is due to Ilimself and to His People, as to acquicfce in Inch a course of proceeding; He has therefore judged it expedient to give Biftrudions to his Ambassador at Paris, to ascertain distinctly from the French Government, whether they are determined to perievere in withholding all satisfaction and explanation on the points on which His Majesty has complained,—or whether they are disposed, w ithout delay, to give such satisfudions and explanations upon the prefen t Hate of affairs as may lead to an arrangement which may be calculated to adjust the differences at present lub-jifting between the two Governments. It is 11 is Majesty s anxious desire, that by this mode of proceeding an end may be put to that fiate of fulpenfe and irritation, which mufit be so injurious to the intcrells of both Countries; and that the two Governments, actuated by the fame principles of justice and moderation, may be led to concur in such measures as are most likely to conduce to their permanent tranquillity.

The undersigned requests General Andreofiy to accept the assurances of his high consideration.

Downing-street, April 3d, 1803. Haxckcfbury.

His Excellency General Andrcolly,

See. &c. &c.

If the French Government should seriously intend to persist in this course ot proceeding, there can be no hopes of a successful termination to the present Negociation. It is important, therefore, that you should ascertain distinctly, in the first inllance, whether they are disposed to enter into explanation on the points on which His Majesty has complained, and to come to such an arrangement as may be calculated to adjust the diiferences at present subsisting between the two Countries; and for this purpose you will present a Note to the efied of that which is herewith inclosed. It is possible that the French Government may continue to evade all difeuftion on the points in queliion, and confine themselves to a categorical demand, that Malta should be immediately evacuated. In that case, it is His Majesty’s pleasure that you should declare the impoftibility of the relations of amity continuing to fubiili between the two Countries, and the ne-cellity that you will be under of leaving Paris within a certain time. But if, on the other hand, they should shew a readiness to enter into dilcuftion, and to give reasonable satisfaction and explanation, it is important that you should he informed, without loss of time, of the sentiments of His Majesty’s Government, as to what might be considered as an equitable adjustment of the differences between the two Governments at this moment.

1 have, therefore, by His Majesty’s command, inclosed the Project of an Arrangement, which, under the present circumstances, would meet the ideas of His Majesty’s Government; which would afford security for those objects which are considered as endangered by the unequivocal disclosure of the view's of the First Consul, and which, at the same time, might entirely save the honour of the French Government. r

I am, & c.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, Hawke [bury.

See. Sec. See.

(First Inclosure referred to in No. 50*)

The undersigned, His Britannic Majesty’s Ambafl'ador Extraordinary, has received the orders of his Court to make the following communication to the French Government:

His Majesty has perceived, with great regret, that the French Government continue to withhold all satisfaction and explanation on the points on which He has complained, and that at the time when they evade all difeuftion on the subject of His representations, they perlift in their requisition that the Bland of Malta should be forthwith evacuated by His Forces. His Majesty can never so far forget what is due to Himself, and to His People, as to acquiesce in such a course of proceeding. He has therefore commanded the undersigned to ascertain distinctly from the French Government, whether they are determined to persevere in withholding all satisfaction and explanation upon the points on which His Majesty has complained, or whether they are disposed, without delay, to give such satisfaction and explanation upon the present hate of affairs as may lead to an arrangement, which may be calculated to adjust the differences at present subsisting between the two Governments?

It is His Majesty’s anxious desire that by adopting this mode of proceeding, an end may be put to that state of lufpenfe and uncertainty which must be so injurious to the interests of both Countries: and that the two Governments, actuated by the fame principles of justice and moderation, may be led to concur in such measures as are moll likely to conduce to their permanent tranquillity.

(Signed) Whitworth.

(Second Inclosure referred to in No. 50.)

Heads of an Arrangement to be concluded by Treaty or Convention, between His Majesty and the French Government.

Malta to remain in perpetuity in the possession of His Majesty. The Knights of the Order of St. John to be indemnified (>y His Majesty for any Lolles of Property which they may sustain in consequence of such an Arrangement.

Holland and Switzerland to be evacuated by the French Troops.

The Bland of Elba to be confirmed by His Majesty to France, and the King of Etruria to be acknowledged.

The Italian and Ligurian Republics to be acknowledged by His Majesty, provided an arrangement is made in Italy for the King of Sardinia, which shall be satisfactory to him.

Appendix

(No- 530

18° Mail

continued.

1

No. 50.

My Lord, Downing-street, April 4, 1803.

It is become eftential that the difeufiions which have been for some time subsisting between His Majesty and tin* French Government should be brought to an ifiiie within as ftiorta time as is consistent with the deliberation which must be given to objects of so much importance.

The last Note presented by General Andreofiy, in the name of his Government, in answer to my Note of the 15th of last month, evades all explanation, and even all difeuftion, of the points on which complaint has been m&de by His Majesty.

VOL. 58.

9!

No. 51.

Extrad of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Haw'keibuiy; dated Paris, April 7, 1803.

I received your Lordship's Dispatehes of the 4th instant by the Messenger Wagftaff, with their Inclosures, yesterday evening; and flail probably in the course of the day have an opportunity of comiruni-eating to Monsieur de Talleyrand the Note, which I shall transisce for that purpose.

■Seized by * 5a-

1050

Appendix* - . 1803*

Vppcndix, (No. 53.) 1 S'* Maii,

continued.

No. 52.

My Lord, Paris, April 7, 1803.

Since writing the preceding dispat-h, 1 have seen M. de Talleyrand, and communicated to him the ineloied Note, which I trust your Lordship will find as close a translation as possible, of that which I received from your Lordship. He read it over with much attention, and when he had dflhe, he appeared to be in expectation of feme other communication. Upon desiring he would explain himself, he said, that he was in hones I should have furnished him with the heads of those points, onjvhich it was affirmed in the Note that the French Government had so repeatedly refuted all explanation and satisfaction. I told him, that it would have been entirely useless to repeat what had been so often urged in vain; that he could not but know that the explanation required, referred to the conduct of the French Government, and the fyftein of aggrandizement which it had conftatitly pursued since the conclusion and in direct violation of the Treaty of Amiens, founded, as it iridilputably was, on the ft ate of possession of the two Countries at the time; that with regard to the futisfaction, it evidently referred to the unjutii liable iulinuations and charges a gain (I His Majesty s Government, against the Officer commanding llis Forces in Egypt, and again It the British Army in that quarter, contained in the oQicictl Report of Colonel Sebastiani. lie was by no means disposed to admit, that either of these cases could justify the assertion of the French Government having refilled explanation and satisfaction, on the ground that no notice had been taken of these transactions but in a very cursory manner; nor had any explanation ever been required as to any particular transaction, whether in Italy or clfevhere, and if it had, it would immediately have been given; and that the language of Colonel Sebastiani was not to be put in any companion with that used by Major Wilson, in his account of the Campaign of Egypt. I urged the disterence of a common publication like that to which he alluded, and a Report to the First Conlul publishrd by him in his official paper. On this occasion, M. de Talleyrand was disposed to call in question the authenticity of the Moniteur. I11 short, the most ungrounded assertions were substituted for arguments; and amongst these, I cannot but place that so often repeated, of the First ConfuFs having entirely given-up ^11 idea whatever of Egypt, consequently we could have no pretext for retaining Malta.

He allured me for the rest, that he would communicate it this evening to the First Consul, and that tomorrow he should in all probability have a communication to make in return.

I have the honour to be, &c.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkelbury, Whit north.

&c. &c. &c.

(Inclosure referred to in No. 52.)

Le $ou(sign£, AmbafTUdeur Extraordinaire et Plenipotentiare de Sa Majeste Britannique, a re$*u Ordre de fa Cour de communiquer ce qui ^uit au Gouvernement de France.

Sa Majest6 a vft it regret que le Gouvernement de France continue it refuser toute satisfaction et toute explication fur les objects dont elle a a fe plaindre, et qu’en evitant toute difeufiion de ce qui salt le sujet de fes representations il perftfte ncanmoins a demander levacuation de rifle de Malthe par les Forces de Sa Majestc. Sa Majestc salt trop ce quelle fe doit a elle-meme et il son Peuple pour acquiescer a de pareils proccdes. En confluence elle a ordonne au Soulfigne de savoir dil-tinclement du Gouvernement de France, s’il eft determine a perseverer dans son refus de toute satisfaction et de toute explication fur les objects de plainte de Sa Majestc, ou bien s’il eft dispose h donner fans delai cette satisfaction et cette explication fur letat actuel des affaires de manicre it pouvoir conduire it un arrangement qui ieroit de nature it ajufter les differens qui atfucllement exiltent entre les deux Gouver-nemens.

' Sa Majestc desire sincerement ^adoption de ce moyen que mettroit fin it un etat de suspension et d’incertitude li nuilible it l’interet des deux Nations, et de voir que les deux Gouvernemens agiffant par les mcmes principes de justice et dc moderation puissent s’entendre pour concourir aux mesures les plus fufceptibles de leur ashirer une tranquil-lite permanente.

Le Soufligne priefon Excellence M.de Talleyrand d'agrSer l'afluranee de fa haute consideration.

Whitworth.

No. 53.

My Lord, Paris, April 9, 1803.

In my conversation yesterday evening with M. de Talleyrand, I found him, afte; fce had seen the First Consul, more disposed to contest the substance of the Note which I had presented the day before, than to) afford any further explanation, lie said, that in order to proceed regularly, it would be necessary that the French Government should be informed precisely what were the objects which had created such uneafmefs, and on which it was alledged all explanation had been re-fuH That although this had, perhaps, been touched upon in general conversation, vet no specific charge had been adduced in such & manner as to demand a formal explanation. I told him, that if the object of the Freach Government was to pro trad the present (late of suspenfe

and uncertainty, that object might be answered to the extent indeed of a very few days, by forcing me to such a reference; but I must at the same time declare to him, that it could be productive of no advantage, and would serve only to provoke such a recapitulation of the system and conduct which France had pursued since the Treaty of Amiens, as would have all the appearance of a Manifesto, every item of which would carry conviction to every Individual in Europe; th&t it appeared therefore more likely to answer the end which both Parties proposed, that of hastening the conclusion of an amicable arrangement, to take up the business on the bafts which I should propose, and by which they would admit no more than what was incontrovertible, namely, that if the French Government exercised a right of extending its influence and territory, in violation of the spirit of the Treaty of Amiens, Great Britain had, if (lie chose to avail herself of it, (which I was confident (he would not do further than was necessary as a measure of security) an undoubted right to seek a counterpoise. lie did not seem inclined to dispute this position, but rather to admit that such a right did exist, and might be claimed, in conlbquence of the acquisitions which had been made by France. On the point of futisfaction I found him much more obstinate. He said that the First Consul was hurt at the expression (fat is faction), to which he gave an interpretation I had never understood belonged to it, as implying superiority; so that if the British Government required satisfaction of the French, it arrogated to itself a superiority. I told him, what certainly must be under-hood by every one, that the demand of satisfaction implied that one Party had been offended by another, and of course had a right to demand such satisfaction; that an Inferior had an equal right with his Superior to demand it; but in the case in question there was perfect equality, and consequently there was no offence to be found but in the conduct which rendered such an appeal necessary. The difeuflion of this point took up a considerable time, without producing any thing dec i live.

We at last came to the main point of the business; and on this I cannot say any real progress has been made. M. de Talleyrand repeated to me, that the First Consul had nothing more at heart than to avoid the necelfity of going to War, and that therfe was no sacrifice be would not make, (hurt of his honour, to obtain this end. Is there, said M. de Talleyrand, no means of satisfying both Parties * for at the same time that the First Consul infills, and will always inlist, on the full execution of the Treaty, he will not object to any mode by which you may acquire the security^you think so necessary. You are not satisfied with the Independence of Neapolitan Troops; what others will answer the purpose ? He then started the idea of a mixed Garrison, composed of English, French, Italian, Germans, &c. He begged that I would refer once more to your Lordship, and liibmit the inclosed Paper, which he drew up in my pretence. I told him that we were only loling time by such a reference; that my Instructions were pofi-tive, and had certainly not been sent me without the fulled eonfidera* tion. I could not, however, refuse what he so cajneftly required; and your Lordship will fee by the Paper how the matter rests after this conference. I will confess to your Lordship, that my motive for consenting to forward this fort of proposal is, that, supposing we should find the First Consul as obstinate as lie now appears to be on the point of abandoning Malta to us in perpetuity, and that a temporary poifel-fton might be considered as the next bed thing, something of this kind might derive from it.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitvorth.

The Right lion. Lord Ilawkeftuiry,

&C. bcC. &c.

(Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 53.)

The conversation with M. Talleyrand today has led us to this re-fult: every thing which may tend to violate the independence of the Order of Malta, will never be consented to by the French Government. Every thing which may tend to put an end to the present difficulties, or be agreeable to the English Government, and which shall not be contrary to the Treaty of Amiens, the French Government have no objection to make a particular Convention respecting it. The motives of this Convention shall be inserted in the preamble, and shall relate to the respective grievances concerning which the two Governments shall think it advisable to come to an understanding with each other.

No. 54.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Ilawkefbun , dated Paris, April 14th, 1803.

Since my last the negociation is at a (land, in the expectation, I sup* pose, of the answer which may arrive, to the overture which 1 coni municated to your Lordship on the gtli inltant, and which is expected here to produce a good effect, notwithstanding the little hope have given. Tommorrow I shall, in all probability, be in possession 0 this answer from your Lordship, and be enabled to speak ftih more P° fitively.

-----E%it4zed by-

No. 55*

Appendix.

1051

"'ll

3,

lit it!>

:,: ;-K

’• a*

(.:a

:*T

y.

':. ':* - ’. 1

if

43 Gild. III.

No. 55.

My Lord, Downing-rtreet, April 13, 1803.

His Majesty has received from his Charge d’Affaires at Hamburgh, the mod extraordinary account of the conduct of Monsieur Reinhardt, the french Minider at that place, with respect to a mod gross and unwarrantable libel upon His Majesty's Government. He has been assured that the French Minider having proposed the insertion of that libel in the official Gazette of the Town of Hamburgh, and the insertion of it having in the fird indance been refused, the French Minider went so far as to demand, in his official capacity, the insertion of that Article by order of the Senate. His Majesty is unwilling to believe that the French Government could have authorized so outrageous an attack upon His Majesty and His Government, and so daring a violation of the independence of a neutral State. It is His Majesty's pleasure, that you should communicate these circumstances to the French Government, and date at the same time the impofiibility of bringing the present discussions to an amicable conclusion, unless some satisfaction shall be given to His Majesty for the indignity which has thus been offered to Him in the face of all Europe by the French Minider at Hamburgh.

I have the honour to be, See.

(Signed) Havkcsbury.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, k. b.

&c. &c. &c.

position is admitted, the Island of Malta should be given up to the Inhabitants at the end of that period, and it should be acknowledged as an independent State. In this case, His Majesty would be ready to concur in any arrangement for the ediWiffiment of the Order of St. John in some other part of Europe.

You will not refuse to liden to any proposition which the French Government may be disposed to make to you with a view to an equivalent security for those objects in regard to which His Majesty claims the possession or occupation of Malta; but the three Propositions to which I have above alluded, appear at the present moment to furniffi the only bads for a Satisfactory arrangement; and you will decline receiving any proposition which does not appear to you to offer advantages to His Majesty asfubdantial as that which I have lad dated.

It is very deli ruble that you should bring the negociation to an issue, if possible, without referring to His Majesty's Government for further Indrudions, after the receipt of this Dispatch; and if you should be of opinion, that there is no hopes of bringing it to a favourable conclusion, you may inform M. Talleyrand of the necessity you will be under, after a certain time, to leave Paris.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Havkesbury.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, k. b.

6cc. &c.. See.

Appefldi

(No*

18f Mai

continued.

No. 56.

My Lord, Downing-dreet, April 13, 1803.

Your Excellency’s Dispatches have been received and laid before the King.

His Majesty has observed, with great satisfaction, the admission by the French Government of the justice of His claim to some compensation in conleqiience^t the increased power and influence of France, since the period of the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty.

Although, under the circumstances of your conversation with M. Talleyrand, and particularly after the Note Verbale which he gave to you, it might have been expedient that you should have deferred presenting the Project contained in rnv Dispatch No. 7, in the form of a Project, it is desirable that you should communicate without delay in fomemode or other, the contents of that Project, for the purpose of ascertaining didindly whether the conditions are such as to induce the French Government to give way upon the quedion of Malta. These conditions appear to His Majesty so well calculated to save the honour of the French Government on the subject of Malta—if the quedion of Malta is principally considered by them as a qtieftion of honour—and at the same time hold out to them such important advantages,'that the success of the prdpoiltion is at lead worth trying, particularly ds the result of it might be productive of the most easy means of adjuding the most material of our present differences.

With respect to the aifertion so often advanced and repeated by M. Talleyrand in your lad conventions, of the non-execution of the Treaty of Amiens relative to Malta, I have only to observe again', that the execution ot that Article is become impracticable from causes which it has not been in the power of His Majesty to controul. That the greatest part of the funds assigned to the Support of the Order, and indispensably necessary for the independence of the Order and defence of the Island, have been lequestrated Since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, in direct repugnance to the Spirit and letter of that Treaty; and that two of the principal Powers who were invited to accede as Guarantees to the arrangement, have refused tfidir accession, except on the conditions that the part of the arrangement which was deemed so material relative to the Maltese inhabitants diould be entirely cancelled.- The conduct of the French Government Since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty gives His Majesty a right, which is now at length admitted by themselves, to demand some compensation for the patt,* and1 Security for the future. Such compensation could never be considered as obtained by the possession of an Island, which would entail a very heavy expence on this Country;- and the degree of security which would be provided by these means would only be such as His Majesty, under present circumstances, is entitled to demand.

I obfdrve in the Note Verbale of Monsieur Talleyrand, he makes use of thf* fcxprellion, the /V'V^7;/r.».ve of the Order of Malta. If this is meant to apply to the CM- r •■vciufiwly, His Majesty would be willing, for the preservation «f P it*c, that the Civil Government of the Island should be given to 0 ‘ Order of St. John; the Maltese'enjoying the privileges which wer* d:pulated in their favour in the Treaty of Amiens; and that, eonfor* r,d \y to principles which have been adopted an other occasions, the lb: locations of the Island should be garrisoned for ever by the Troops of r :;v Majesty.

Iti the event of either of r ;eic Propositions being found unattainable, His Majesty might be difpuH to cement to an arrangement by which the Island of Malta would rem;n in Mis polfedion for a limited number of years, and to waive in eonfc jin ire His demand for a perpetual occupation, provided that the number of years was not less than ten, and that his Sicilian MajHly could be induced to cede the Sovereignty of the Island of Lampedola lor a valuable consideration. If this pro-

No. 57.

My Lord, Paris, April 18th, 1803.

I did not fail to put into immediate execution the Instructions contained in your Lordship’s Dispatch (No. 11.) on the subject of the libel infer ted by the French Minider in the Hamburgh Gazette. I represented the outrageous and unprecedented conduct of M. Rheinhardt in such terms as it deserves; and fairly declared to M. de Talleyrand, that until Satisfaction shall be given to His Majesty for the indignity which has been offered Him by the French Minider in his official character, there could be no possibility whatever of bringing the present difeuffion to an amicable issue. M. de Talleyrand afliired me, that the French Government Saw the conduct of M. de Rheinhardt in the fame light as His Majesty’s [Aliniders, and that they could not be more surprised than the Fird Consul had been at seeing such an Article inserted by authority; that an immediate explanation had been required of M. Rheinhardt five days ago, and if his conduct had been such as had been represented, he would, doubtless, feel the effect of the Fird Consul's dif-pleasure; and that, in the mean time, T might inform your Lordship that he was completely disavowed. I told M. de Talleyrand, that, as the insult had been public, it would be necessary that the reparation should be so also. He answered me again, that the Fird Conlul considered M. Rheinhardt’s conduct as so reprchensible that every Satisfaction might be expected.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

Scc. See. See.

. No. 58.

, My Lord, Paris, April 18, 1803.

, I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Lordship's Dispatches of the i3thinstant.

I Saw Joseph Bonaparte immediately on the receipt of your Lord-ffiip’s Dispatch; and without troubling your Lordship with a repeti* tion of the arguments I used to hasten the conclusion of the negociation, amongst which I endeavoured to convince him af the importance of preventing the Ultimatum which would inevitably follow the rejection of what I had to propose, I will briefly dale, that on finding it perfectly ineradicable to establiffi the principle of our keeping possession of Malta in perpetuity, I delivered to him in writing the Second proposal 1 had to make. He did not fail to observe, that by this modification the didiculty which he considered as insurmountable, was not removed; that although the Order was redored, it could not be considered as ifl^ dependent, and, in fad, Malta would belong to that Power which had possession of the Forts. I enforced the adoption of this plan by every reason which could Serve to recommend it; but the possession in perpetuity was constantly urged as a difficulty which nothing could remove. Our conversation laded near two hours. I confess that I gained no solid ground of hope that the Project, which he assured me he would take to the Fird Consul at St. Cloud, would be adopted; but he Said that he was not without hope that he might be authorized to propose to me the occupation of the fortresses for a term of years. It was my wiffi, that such a proposal should come from him rather than from me.

I told him that I did not well fee how such a tenure would suit us; but that I wiffied too Sincerely to avoid the fatal extremities to which I fav the difeuffion was tending, not to give any reasonable proposal whica might be made on their part every assistance in my power. This pr> posal originated with him, and was therefore received by me merely as a matter which I would refer to your Lordship. If however Jean bring the matter to an immediate conclusion, and without forth?* reference to your Lordship, on the principle of our retaining poflhfion of

Appendix.

A. 1803.

1052

ippendix, ;No. 53.) 8* Mail,

cmtiwucd.

the fortreffcs of Malta for a terra of years not less than that pointed out by your Lordship, and with the assurance that this Government will not oppose the ceftion of the Island of Lampedofa, I shall have great pleasure in announcing to your Lordship such a conclusion.

I do not enter into a detail of the conversation which I had the fame morning with M. de Talleyrand, immediately upon leaving Joseph Bonaparte, as it differed in no wife from what 1 have above mentioned. He suggestad also the possibility of coming to an arrangement on the ground of a temporary occupation, and I made him the fame answer.

Such is the (late of the difeudion at this moment. I am in expectation of hearing very shortly either from Joseph Bonaparte or M. de Talleyrand; and I am not without hopes that I may be able to announce to your Lordship, that such an arrangement is made, as may answer His Majesty's expectations, in a very few days. Your Lordship may be affined, that I feel the necessity of expedition. Were it less urgent, I might perhaps hope to bring the discussion to even a more favourable issue,

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

(Translation of the Inclosure referred to in No. 58.)

His Majesty will consent, for the fake of preserving Peace, that the government of the Island of Malta shall be given to the Order of St. John; the Maltefeenjoying those privileges which have been granted on former occasions. The fortifications of the Bland shall be occupied in perpetuity by the Troops of 11 is Majesty.

power to bring the Negociation to a conclusion on any of the Proportions to Which I have above referred, it is His Majesty's pleasure that you should communicate, officially, to the French Government, that you have gone, in point of concession, to the full extent of your Instructions; and that, if an arrangement, founded upon one of these Proportions, cannot be concluded without further delay, you" have received His Majesty's commands to return to England.

His Majesty can only consent to relinquish the permanent occupation of Malta by His Forces, on the conditions that the temporary poHellion shall not be less that ten years; that the Authority, Civil and Military, shall, during that period, remain solely in His Majesty; and that, at the expiration of that period, the llland shall be given up to the Inhabitants, and not to the Order; and provided likewise, that his Sicilian Majesty shall be induced to cede to His Majesty the llland of Lampedofa. It is indispensable that, as a part of this arrangement, Holland should be evacuated by the French Troops within a short period after the conclusion of a Convention by which all those provisions are secured. His Majesty will consent to acknowledge the new Italian States, upon the condition that tlipulations in favour of his Sardinian Majesty, and of Switzerland, form a part of this arrangement/

It is His Majesty's pleasure that, in the event of the failure of the Negociation, you should delay your departure from Paris no longer than may be indispensably necessary for your personal convenience; and that you should in no case remain there, after the receipt of this Dispatch, more than seven days.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Ilawkcsbury.

His Excellency Lord Whitworth, k.b.

&c. Sic. &c.

No. 59.

My Lord, Paris, April 20, 1803.

I had hoped that the first extraordinary Mcftenger 1 should have had occasion to lend, would have been to announce to your Lordship, that the differences between the two Governments were adjusted on one of the modifications pointed out to me by my last Instructions from your Lordship. In this expectation I am deceived. I saw Joseph Bonaparte the night before last, before I had sealed up my Dispatches of that evening to your Lordship; but as all he said, tended only to justify the hope I had given your Lordship in those Dispatches, I added nothing to them. lie aftured me positively, that I should hear from M. de Talleyrand in the course of yesterday morning, and that a meeting would be appointed in order to settle the term of years for which the First Consul might be induced to consent to the- ceftion of Malta. It is true that he declared, that in order to gain his consent, it would be necessary to hold out the advantages which the British Government was willing to offer in return, meaning the acknowledgements of the new Governments in Italy. I told him that this offer was made only with a view to the possession of Malta in perpetuity; but after some conversation, I gave him to understand, that I would not refuse to admit the demand, Jub sperati, on the condition, that the ceftion should be made for a considerable term of years; that Holland and Switzerland should be evacuated: and that a suitable provision should be made for the King of Sardinia. lie seemed to think there could be no difficulty in this arrangement; and I left him in the persuasion, that I should the next day, (yesterday,) or this morning, receive the summons from M. de Talleyrand, which he had given me reason to expeCl.

I am sorry to fav, that no such summons has been received by me, neither has any further notice been taken of the business. So that I feel that I should betray the confidence your Lordship may place in me were I to delay any longer requesting, that I may be immediately furnished with the terms on which His Majesty's Ministers would be willing to conclude, and which probably will not differ much from those above dated, in order that I may propose them in the form of an ultimatum; and that at the expiration of the period allowed for deliberation, 1 may be authorized not only to declare that I am to leave Paris, but actually so to do, unless in the intermediate time, the French Government should accede to our demands.

4 . I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. See.

No. 60.

My Lord, Downing-street, April 23, 1803.

Your Excellency's Dispatches of the 18th and 20th instant have been received, and laid before the King.

It is necessary for me to do little more on the present occasion than t* refer you to my Dispatch of the 13th of April, in wffiich I stated to y*u the several Propositions on which alone, in the judgment of His Majesty, the differences between this Country and France could be fatufactorily adj lifted.

If, upon the receipt of this Dispatch, it shall not have been in your

No. 61.

My Lord, Paris, April 23, 1803.

As I heard nothing from M. de Talleyrand, I called on him on Thursday, in order to learn the etieft of the proposal which 1 had made, conformably to your Lordship's Instructions, on the basis of a perpetual possession of the forts of Malta, on re-establishing the Order in the Civil Government of the Bland. He told me, that if I had called on him sooner, he should two days ago have communicated to me the First Consul’s answer, which was, that no consideration on earth should induce him to consent to a concession in perpetuity of Malta, in any shape whatever: and that the re-establishment of the Order was not lo much the point to be diicufied, as that of fullering Great Britain to acquire a possession in the Mediterranean. I told him, that I did not call sooner because I had been given to uiiderftaud, that he would have himself proposed it to me, for the purpose of communicating the answer of the First Consul; and that it did not in any shape become me to, put myself on the footing of a solicitor in this trantadion. After some conversation, and finding (what I rnofl sincerely believe to be the case) that the First Consul’s determination wras fixed on the point of a possession of Malta in perpetuity; I repeated to him what I had previously suggestad to Joseph Bonaparte, the modification which I had to propose, namely, that for the lake of peace, His Majesty wrould be walling to wave His pretensions to a possession in perpetuity, and would consent to hold Malta for a certain number of years to be agreed upon, on the condition that no opposition should be made on the part of the French Government to any Negociation His Majesty might set'on foot with his Sicilian Majesty for the acquisition of the Island of Lampedofa. - We dileaded this proposal in a conversation of feme length, and I made use of all the arguments which have been furnished me by your Lordship, or which occurred to me in its favour. I begged bim particularly to recollect that we were in actual possession of the object, and that therefore every modification tending to limit that possession w-as in fact acon-eeflion on the part of His Majesty, and a. proof of His desire to facriiice to His love of Peace the just claim which he had acquired in consequence of the conduct of Franee, and which had recently been admitted, of a much more considerable compensation and counterpoise. M. de Talleyrand did not seem disposed to dilpute any of my portions, and I left him, I confess, fully imp relied with the idea that the next day (Friday) I should find him prepared to treat on this ground, and that the only difficult point to be arranged would be the number oi years for which Malta should be ceded to His Majesty.

Your Lordship will conceive my surprife, when, on seeing him the next day, he told me that although he had not been able to obtain from the First. Conlul all we wished, Hill the proposition be had to make would, he trusted, be such as fully to answer the purpose. He then said that the First Consul would, on no terms, hear either of a perpetual or a temporary possession of Malta; that his object was the execution of the Treaty of Amiens; and that rather than submit to such an arrangement as that 1 had last proposed, he would even consent to our keeping the object in dispute for ever: on the ground that in the one there w?as an appearance of generality and magnanimity; but in the other, nothing but wTeakness and the effect of coercion: that therefore his refutation was taken, and what he had to propose \yas the pof-

lesson

r

a

% - :t

■o

1?

;vj*

■f '■ $' . ___ \ >'

•5 ' ■’

, J U'*

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

1053

fession we required of the Island of Lampedofa, or of any other of the small Bles, of which there were three or four between Malta and the Coast of Africa; that such a poifession would be sufficient for the object we had in view, which >vas a station in the Mediterranean as a place of refuge and security for any Squadron we might find it convenient to keep in that Sea. I fullered him to expatiate a considerable time, and without interruption, on the great advantages we were to derive from such an aequilition, as well as on the confidence which the First Consul reposed in our pacific intention in lending a hand to such an establishment. Me concluded by desiring I would transmit this proposal to your Lordship. I told him that I was extremely lorry indeed to find that we had made such little progress in the Negotiation; that my orders were positive; that I could hear of nothing short of what I had proposed, neither could I possibly undertake to make such a Proposal to His Majesty, since every word of my Instructions (from which I certainly should not depart) applied positively to Malta, unless an equivalent security could be offered, and surely he would not pretend to tell me that Lampedofa could be considered as such; that the possession of Malta was necessary for our security, and was rendered so not from any desire of aggrandizement on the part of His Majesty, but by the conduct of the French Government; and that so strongly were we imprelied with the necessity, that rather than abandon it, we were prepared to go to War. That it was on this ground I must declare to him, that I could neither take upon myself to forward such a proposal as he had made to me, or indeed any thing short of what I had lad proposed as a fair equivalent. That in so doing, I ailed in conformity to His Majesty’s views, who would mod a flu redly disapprove of my conduct, were I, by unnecessarily protracting the Negociation, to add one day, or one hour, if it could be avoided, to the suspenfe and anxiety under which his own Subjects and all Europe must labour at such a crisis; that I had hoped the French Government, u&uated by the fame generous motives, would have aided in the same manner; that it might, by pursuing a contrary line of condtiL, gain full a few days; but I mud declare, that in a very (hurt time 1 should have to communicate to him those very terms from which his were lb wide, but to draw nearer to which was, perhaps, the object of his negociating, in the form of an Ultimatum, which would at lealt have one good efleet, that of bringing the matter to an ifiiie; and the certainty even of War was preferable to the present date of indeci/.on.

To all L could lay M. Talleyrand objected the dignity and honour of the First Consul, which could not admit of his contenting to any thing which might cairv wnh it the appearance of yielding to a threat. I told him, that it never could be admitted that the First Consul had a right to act in tuck a manner as to excite jealousy and create alarm in every State nt Emo c, and when asked for explanation or security, say that it was con a.try to his honour or his dignity to afford either. Such arguments might of) haps do when applied to some of those Governments with which France had been accudomed to treat, or more properly to dictate t«\ out never could be uied to Great Britain; that His Majesty had a rij;t to ipeak freely his opinion, and possessed aho the means, whenever !.• elude to employ them, of oppoling a barrier to ti e ambition oi any individual, or of any State which should be disposed to threaten the security of His Dominions, or the tranquility of Europe.

Our conversation concluded by M. de Talleyrand’s afiuring me, that he would report the fnbfunce of it to the Fird Consul in the evening, and that probably he should have occasion to fee me on the following day.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Whitworth.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

mud enfuc, as to fuller them to be outweighed by a mistaken notion of dignity. And I added, that noiwitlilUnuing the acquiescence which he might have met with from others, the plea ot its being incompatible with the dignity oi the French Government to give iatiffaction or security, when both might with justice be demanded, could never be admitted by Great Britain.

M. de Talleyrand heard every thing I could say with the ulmod patience, nptwilhdanding he had nothing satisfactory to say, and seemed unwilling to break up the conference. He constantly brought forward the fame inadmissible proposal, requeding that I would at lead communicate it to your Lordship. This I told him I could not refuse to do, since every thing which puffed between him and me must of course make the subject of my reports to your Lordship. I declared however at the same time, that I should not think myself by any means authorized to suspend the execution of any InstrulHons I might receive, tending to bring the Negociation to an issue, in the expelfation of any change which fucl\ a proposal might produce. All I could do, and that I would certainly do, would be to communicate the Ultimatum, if Ills Majesty should think proper to furnish me with it, confidentially to M. de Talleyrand, before I presented it officially to him, as Minister for Foreign Affairs. He assured me, that he should consider ' such a conduct as a further proof of my desire to conciliate, and that he could not yet forbear hoping that the differences might be adjuded.

I repeated, that if his hope was founded on the expelhttion of His Majesty’s being induced to recede from His demand, it would be deceiving himself to cheriffi it.

The remainder of the conversation turned on the calamities which would follow the failure of our endeavour to avoid a rupture. lie in-sinuated that Holland, Naples, and othe& Countries connected with Great Britain, would be th<* first victims of the War. I asked him whether he thought that such a conduct would add to the glory of the First Consul, or whether the falling on the innocent and defenceless would not rather tarniih it, and ultimately unite against him, not only the honed men in his own Country, but every Government in Europe. That it certainly would excite more detestation than terror in England, at the same time that it would serve to impress upon us still more drongly the necessity of omitting no means of circumscribing a power so pernicioufiy exerted. I could not help adding, that although no aH of hostility had allually taken place, yet the inveteracy with which our commerce, our industry, and our credit had been attacked in every part to which French influence could be extended, did in fad almost amount to the fame, since it went to prove, in addition to the general fydem of the First Consul, that his object was to pursue, under the mask of Peace, the fame line of conduct in which the preceding Governments had aided.

I now trust entirely to the effect of the Ultimatum, which will at, lead convince him that we are in earnest, and that he has nothing to ex pelt from protradion. I shall not however, as I said before, make use of this officially, until I have tried its eftelt in a more conciliatory manner.

I have the honour to be, Sec.

(Signed) Whitworth.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkefbuvy,

&c. &c. Sec.

P. S. Your Lordship’s Dispatches of the 23d, with their Inclosures, were delivered to me by Shaw this evening at nine o'clock. I shall fee M. de Talleyrand tomorrow morning; and I trust your Lordship will not disapprove my following the line of conduct I had proposed, and which I have mentioned to your Lordship, of informing him of the nature of my Instructions a few hours before I carry them officially into execution.

W.

Appenc (No. 5 18° Mi

continue

• No. 62.

My Lord, Paris, April 25, 1803.

The conversation I had on Saturday morning with M. Talleyrand has produced nothing from which I can draw a more favourable con-cluiion as to the result of the Negociation, than when I last addressed your Lordship. He told me, that although he had seen the First Consul the night before, he had nothing to add to what he had communicated to me on Friday; that the First Consul was determined not to give his content to our retaining Malta, either in perpetuity or for a term, although of the two he would prefer the former tenure as the Ids repugnant to his feelings; that he was therefore ordered to repeat the proposal he had lately made me, of acceding to our demand of Lampedofa, or any of the neighbouring Blands; and that as our object was to obtain a settlement in the Mediterranean, he imagined that which we had ourselves pointed out would answer every purpose we might have in view. But, at all events, the First Consul neither could nor would relinquish his claim to the full execution of the Treaty of Amiens. To this I could only repeat what I had already said to him on the inadequac)' of such a proposal, and of the impossibility in which I found myself to transmit it to your Lordfiiip. I lamented the course which the Negociation was taking, and that the First Consul should have so little regard to the dreadful consequences which

VOL. 58.

No. 63.

Extrait of a D ifpatch from Lord Whitworth to LordHawkesbury; dated Paris, April 27, 1803.

I avail myself of the opportunity of a Messenger passing through from Constantinople and Vienna, to inform your Lordship of the state of the Negociation at this moment. I communicated to M. de Talleyrand the purport of my lnftruHions of the 23d, vefterday at four o’clock. He immediately asked me if the possession of Malta was still infilled upon. I told him most certainly it was; and 1 repeated to him the particulars of the terms on which it was yet possible to conclude the business. That these were, the possession of Malta for ten years, during which period the authority, civil and military, was to remain solely in His Majesty, and that at the expiration of that term it was to be given up to the Inhabitants, and not to the Order; provided also, that his Sicilian Majesty shall be induced to cede to His Majesty the Bland of Lampedofa; that Holland should be evacuated by the French Troops within a month after the conclusion of a Convention, by which all these provisions shall be secured; and that His Majesty would consent to acknowledge the new Italian States, provided (lipulations were made in favour of his Sardinian Majesty and of Switzerland.

I had no sooner made known these conditions than M. de Talley-

' VighLed

1054 Appendix. 1803.

rand told me it would be perfectly unnecessary to delay the official communication; for, as the possession of Malta was still infilled upon, although lbr a term, the First Consul would not consent to them. I accordingly did repeat them to him in the manner he desired; when he told me that he comprehended perfectly what we required, but that in similar cases it was usual to Hate the demand in writing, and he desired I would give him a Note upon thesubje#. I told him that I would repeat to him once more, or as often as he pleased, the express terms which I had Hated to him; and that as my communication to him was verbal, I should of course be content with an answer in the fame form, lie consented at length to receive it, and to communicate to me the Fil’d Consul’s answer as soon as possible. I defiled that he would recoiled that Tuesday next must be the day of my departure.

No. 64.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated April 29, 1803.

My lait Letter to your Lordship was of yesterday evening. This morning a Perl'on came to me, whom I susped of being employed by the Firil Consul, for the purpose of ascertaining my sentiments, and told me that 1 should, in the course of the day, receive a Letter from M. dc Talleyrand, drawn up under the inspection of the Firil Consul, which, although not exactly what I might wish, was however so moderate as to afford me a well-grounded hope, and might certainly be i’ufficient to induce me to delay, for a short time, my departure. I told him that it would be a matter of great satisfaction to me to perceive a probability of bringing the Negociation to a favourable ifl’ue; and that I should be extremely sorry to spoil the business by any use-l;Ts precipitation. But it mud be recollected that I acted in conformity to Instructions; that those Inltrudions were positive; that by them I was enjoined to leave Paris on Tuesday next, unless in the intermediate time certain conditions were agreed to. Having received no letter in the course of the day, about four o’clock I went to M. de Talleyrand; I told him that my anxiety to learn whether he hud any thing favourable to tell me, brought me to him, and in case he had not, to recal to his recollection that Tuesday was the day on which I mud leave Paris, and to requed that he would have the ne-ccfi’ary PaiVports prepared for me and my Family, lie appeared evidently embarralTed, and after some heiitation observed, that he could not suppose I should really go away; but that at all events the Fird Consul never would recal his Ainbafiador. To this I replied, His Majesty recalled me in order to put an end to the Negociation, on the principle that even actual War was preferable to the date of lufpenfe in which England, and indeed all Europe, had been kept for so long a lpace of time.

From the tenor of his conversation, I should rather be led to think that he docs not consider the case as desperate. Upon my leaving him he repeatedly said, J'ai encore dc Vefyoir.

Saturday evening.

P. S. This day has passed without any occurrence whatever. The Letter in question is not yet arrived.

No. 65.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated May 2, 1803.

Another day has passed over without producing any change. I determined to go myself to M. de Talleyrand, and to deliver, instead of fending, the inclosed Letter. I told him that it was with great reluctance that I came to make this last application to him. That I had long fmcc informed him of the extent of the term which had been assigned for my itay at Paris, and that as I had received to this moment no answer whatever to the proposal I had repeatedly made, I could no longer delay requiring him to furnish me with the necessary Passports for the return of myself, my Family, and the remainder of the million, to England. Upon this I gave him the Letter, a copy of which I inclose, and on reading it he appeared somewhat startled. lie lamented that so much time had been loft; but said that enough remained, if 1 was authorized to negociate upon other terms. 1 could of course but repeat to him, that I had no other terms to propose, and that therefore unless the First Consul could so far gain upon him-•l'clf as to facrilice a fiille punctilio to the certainty of a War, of which no one could foresee the consequence, nothing could possibly prevent my departure tomorrow night, lie hoped, he said, this was not so near; that he would communicate my Letter, and what I had said, to the First Consul immediately, and that in all probability I should hear from him this evening. 1 thought it, however, right to apprize lum, that it was quite impossible I could be induced to disobey His Majesty’a orders, and protract a Negociation on terms so disadvantageous to ourselves, unless he should furnish nie with such a justifi* ention as would l»suve me no room to hesitate; and that 1 did not fee that any thing short of a full acquiefeence in His Majesty’s demands could have that effect.—lie repeated, that he would report the con-

versation to the First Consul, and that I should shortly hear from him.

In this state the business now rests; I am expecting either a Proportion or my Passports, and am consequently taking every measure for setting out tomorrow night.

(Inclosure, referred to in No. 65.)

Translation.

Sir, Paris, May 2, 1803.

When I had the honour on Tuesday last of communicating to you officially the last proportions which I was instructed by my Court to submit to the French Government, for the fake of removing the present difficulties, I had the honour to announce to you, that in case the First Consul should not consent to these proportions, I should find myself under the necessity of leaving Paris in eight days. We are nearly arrived at the end of this period, without my having received any answer to this communication. It remains for me only, therefore, to obey the orders of the King my Master, to return to Him; and for this purpose I entreat you, Sir, to have the goodness to furnish me with tht necessary PafTports.

I seize this opportunity of renewing to your Excellency the assurances of my high consideration.

(Signed) Whitworth.

His Excellency M. de Talleyrand.

No. 66.

Extra# of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury} dated Paris, Wednesday Morning, May 4, 1803.

Soon after I had dispatched the Messenger the night before last, with my Dispatches of the 3d, I received a communication from M. de Talleyrand, of which I inclose a Copy, the purport of which was so completely short of every thing which could be satisfadory, that I did not think myself authorized to enter into any difeuffion upon it; and as early as I could on the following morning I returned the answer, of which the inclosed is a copy.

After this I concluded, of course, that there was an end to the Negociation. I lmd for some days pail been preparing for my departure; every measur was taken for setting out at four o’clock this morning, and we were expelling only the Passports which I had demanded, for the purpose of ordering the post-horses. The day and the evening passed without the Passports having been sent; and whilst wc were deliberating on the motives of such a delay, about 12 o’clock at night a Gentleman who was with me received a communication which convinced me that it was not meant to give me my Passports without another attempt; and I was, therefore, not surprized when about out o’clock I received the inclosed Note from M. de Talleyrand.

In this situation I am waiting the hour of rendezvous with M. dt Talleyrand.

(First Inclosure, referred to in No. 66.) Translation.

The underflgned has reported to the First Consul the conversation which he had with his Excellency Lord Whitworth on the 6th of this month, and in which his Excellency announced, that llis Britannic Majesty had ordered him to make, verbally, in his name, the following demands:

1 ft. That His Britannic Majesty should retain His Troops at Malta for ten years.

2d. That the Island of Lampedofa should he ceded to him in full possession.

3d. That the French Troops should evacuate Holland.

And that if no Convention on this bafts should have been signed within a week, his Excellency Lord Whitworth had orders to terminate his Million, and to return to London.

On the demand made by the undersigned, that Lord Whitworth would, in conformity to the usage of all ages and of all Countries, give in writing what he himself called the Ultimatum of his Government,

his Excellency declared, that his Instructions expressly forbad him to transmit on this object any written Note.

The intentions of the First Consul being entirely pacific, the under-signed dil'penses with making any observaiion on so new and to It rang* a manner of treating on afluirs of this importance.

And, in order to give a fresh testimony of the value which he attaches to the continuance of Peace, the First Consul has directed the underflgned to make the following Notification in the accustomed style and forms:

As the Island of Lampedofa does not belong to France, it is not fur the First Consul either to accede to, or to refute the desire testilied by His Britannic Majesty, of having this Island in His possessioii.

With regard to the Island of Malta, as the demand made respecting it by His Britannic Majesty would change a formal disposition in the Treaty of Amiens, the First Consul cannot but previously communicate it to His Majesty the King of Spain, and to the Batavian Republic, Contracting Parties to the said Treaty, in order to know their

opinhii;

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

•pinion; and besides, as the stipulations relative to Malta have been guaranteed by their Majesties the Emperor of Germany, the Emperor lx Kuflla, and the King of Prussia, the Contracting Parties to the Treaty of Amiens, before they agree to any change in the Article of Malta, are bound to concert with the guaranteeing Powers.

The First Consul will not refuse this concert, but it belongs not to him to propose it, since it is not he who urges any change in the guaranteed stipulations.

With regard to the evacuation of Holland by the French Troops, the First Consul has no difficulty in directing the undersigned to repeat that the French Troops shall evacuate Holland at the instant that the stipulations of the Treaty of Amiens shall be executed in every quarter of the globe.

The undersigned avails himself of this opportunity to renew to his Excellency the English Ambassador, the assurance of his high consideration.

Ch. Man. Talleyrand.

Paris, 12 Floreal, year 11,

(•id May 1803.)

(Second Inclosure, referred to in No. 6£.)

Translation.

The undersigned, in answer to the Note which M. de Talleyrand Iransmitted to him yesterday evening, has the honour to observe to him, that the King has had no other motive in seeking to accelerate the proceedings of the Negociation, than to relieve as loon as possible the two Countries the mu ft interested, and Europe in general, from the Hate of suspenfe in which they are placed. It is with great regret that he perceives nothing in his Excellency's Note which can correspond with this intention, and consequently nothing that can justify hnn in delaying to obey the Orders of his Court. It remains, therefore, only to request the Minister for Foreign Affairs to give him the means of obeying them, by furnitlnng him with the necefiliry Passports for his return. It is, however, necessary for him to rectify a mistake which has crept into M. dc Talleyrand’s Note. The undersigned did not say he was express, forbidden to trunimit any written Note on the object of the difeuftion, but that he was not authorized to do it, and that he would not take that responsibility on himself.

lie avails himself of this opportunity to renew to his Excellency M. de Talleyrand the act’urances of his highest confide ration.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Paris, 3d May 1803.

(Third Inclosure, referred to in No. 66.)

Translation.

My Lord, Paris, May 3, 1803.

Having tomorrow morning to make to you a communication of the greateii importance, I have the honour to inform you of it without delay, in order that you may not oxpeft this evening the Passports which you had demanded. I propose that you should call tomorrow at half-past four at the Foreign Department.

Receive, my Lord, the ailuranee of my high consideration.

(Signed) Ch. Mau. Talleyrand.

No. 67.

Extract of a Dispatcli from Lord Whitworth to Lord Ilawkefbuiy; dated Paris, ’Wednesday evening, May 4, 1803.

I am this moment come from M. de Talleyrand. The inclossd Note will shew your Lordship, that the idea which has been thrown out, is to give Malta to Uufi’uu

My only inducement for having undertaken to refer again to your Lordship, is to avoid every reproach of precipitation. The difference will be but live days, and I have declared, that I fee so many objections to the plan, that although I would not refuse their solicitation to feud it, I could give no hope whatever of its being accepted as a ground of Negociation.

(Inclosure, referred to in No. 67.)

Translation.

The undersigned has submitted to the First Consul His Britannic M*2icity’s Amhaflador’s Note of the 3d instant.

After the last communication addressed to his Excellency, it is more difficult than ever to conceive how a great, powerful, and enlightened Nation, can be willing to take upon itself to declare a War which would be accompanied by such heavy calamities, and the cause of which would be to infigmficunt, the object in question being a miserable Luck.

Ills Excellency muff have been aware that the two-fold necesslty of making an agreement with the guarantying Powers of the Treaty of Amiens, and of not violating a Compact in the execution of which the honour of France, the security for the future, and the good faith of , the diplomatic intercomrfe between the Nations of Europe, were so ftr -ply interested, hud imposed.a law upon the French Government of discarding every proportion diametrically contrary to the Treaty of

Amiens. Nevertheless the First Consul, accustomed for two months to make every species of sacrifice for the maintenance of Peace, would not reje&a mezzo-termino of a nature to conciliate the interests and dignity of the two Countries.

His Britannic Majesty appears to have been of opinion, that the Neapolitan Garrison which was to be placed at Malta, would not afford a Efficient force for securing the actual independence of the Island.

11]is motive being the only one which can explain His Majesty's refusal to evacuate the Island, the First Consul is ready to consent that the Island of Malta shall be placed in the hands of one of the three Powers who have guaranteed its independence, either Austria, Ruffin, or Prussia, with a,proviso that as soon as France and England shall have come to an agreement upon this Article, they shall unite in their requisitions to engage the other Powers, either contracting, or acceding to the 'Treaty of Amiens, to consent to it.

Were it possible that this proportion should not be accepted, it would be manifest not only that England never intended to comply with the terms of the Treaty of Amiens, but that she has not been actuated by good faith in any of her demands; and that in proportion as France conceded one point, the British Government advanced another. If this should be demonstrated, the First Consul will at lead have given another proof of his sincerity, of his anxiety to devise the means of avoiding War, of his eagerness to embrace them, and of the value which he would place on their being adopted.

Appem (No. 5 iZ* Mi

continw

My Lord,

No. 68.

Downing-street, May 7, 1803.

Your Excellency's Dispatches have been received, and laid before

the King.

The propositions which have been made to you on the part of the French Government, and which have induced your Excellency to delay your departure until the return of the Messenger Sylvester, are in every respect so loose, indefinite, and unsatisfa&ory, and fall so far short of the just pretentions of His Majesty, that it is impossible that the French Government could have expected them to have been accepted. During the whole of the difcufllons which have lately occurred, His Majesty 1ms had a right to consider himself in the character of the injured Party. No means have been omitted on His part to induce the French Government to make a full and early explanation of their views, and to afford to His Majesty that satisfaction and security to which He considered Himself to be entitled. It was in consequence Of the apparent determination of the Fffcnch Government to evade all difeuftion on the points of difference between the two Countries, that His Majesty was induced ta llate the grounds on which, according to His views, an arrangement might be concluded satisfactory to both Governments; and be accordingly authorized your Excellency to communicate the three Projects which at different times I had forwarded to you.

Until the very moment when your Excellency was about to leave Paris, the French Government have avoided making any distinct proposition for the settlement of the differences between the two Countries; and when at the iery instant of your departure, the French Government felt themselves compelled to bring forward fomeproposition, they confined that proposition to a part only of the subject in difeuftion, and on that part of it, what they have brought forward is wholly inadmissible.

The French Government propose that His Majesty should give up the Island of Malta to a Russian, Austrian, or Prussian Garrison. If His Majesty could be disposed to wave his demand for a temporary

occupation of the Island of Malta, the Emperor of Ruftia would be the only Sovereign to whom, in the present state of Europe, he could con-lent that the Island should be assigned; and His Majesty has certain and authentic information, that the Emperor of Ruftia would on no' account consent to garrison Malta. LTnder these circumstances His Majesty perseveres in his determination to adhere to the substance of his third project as his Ultimatum; As, however, the principal objection dated by the French Government to His Majesty’s proposition is understood to be confined to the insertion of an Article in a public Treaty, by which His Majesty shall have a right to remain in the possession of the Island of Malta for a definite number of years, His Majesty will consent that the number of years (being tn no cast less than ten) may be stated in a secret Article; and the public Articles may be agreed to conformably to the inclosed Project. By this expedient, the supposed point of honour of the French Government might be saved. The independence of the Island of Malta would, in principle, be acknowledged, and the temporary occupation of His Majesty would be made to depend alone on the present state (ft he Island of Lawpcdofa.

You may propose this idea to Mi Talleyrand, at the lame time assuring him, that His Majesty is determined to adhere to the substance of his Ultimatum. And if you shall not be able to conclude the minute of an arrangemerst on this principle, you will on no account, remain in Paris more than thirty-six hours after the receipt of this Dispatch.

I observe

VJiO . -

1056 Appendix. A. 1803.

I observe by your Dispatch, you did not consider yourself as authorized to deliver to the French Government any Note or Project in writing. The words ot my Dispatch were, that you were to communicate the Terms officially, which left it at your own discretion to communicate them verbally or in writing, as you might judge most expedient. \ou were certainly right in communicating them, in the till! instance, verbally; but as so much stress has been laid by M. Talleyrand on this dittin&ion, it is important that I should inform you, that his Majesty n.either had nor has any objection to your delivering the inclosed Project as an Ultimatum, accompanied by a short Note in writing.

,r I cannot conclude this Dispatch without recalling again your attention to thecondud of the French Minister at Hamburgh, and referring you to my Instructions, by which you should abstain from concluding the arrangement, unless you have received from M. Talleyrand an aiiurauce that his conduct would be publickly disavowed.

I have the honour to be, &c. See.

(Signed) Hawkesbury.

To his Excellency Lord Whitworth, k, b.

&c. Sic. &c.

No. 69.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Paris, May o, 1803.

The Messenger Sylvester is arrived with your Lordikip’s Dispatch No. 15, of the 71I1 of May.

As loon as I received your Lordship’s Instructions, I prepared a trim dated copy of the Project furnished me by your Lordship, and a short Note, with which it is my intention to accompany the communication. I then sent a person to Monsieur de Talleyrand, to know when 1 could fee him, and I was informed that he w as at St. Cloud. I soon after learnt, that he was gone there in consequence of the accident which happened yesterday to the First Consul. I understand that no bad confluences are likely to ensue, and that he is able to transact business. I cannot, however, expect to fee M. Talleyrand before tomorrow morning.. Although this circumstance may cause a delay of a few hours, your Lordship may be allured, that the execution of those Instructions with which you have furnished me shall not be protracted. 1 shall leave Paris most assuredly, or have concluded a ialisfadorv arrangement, within the time specified by your Lordship, reckoning from the moment of ray being able to make an official communication, rather than from that of the receipt of your Lordship’s Letter.

No. 70.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Iiawkesbury; dated Paris, May 12, 1803.

The Moflenger Sylvester, as I mentioned in my last Dispatch, returned on the 9th at 12 o’clock; and I wrote to M.de Talleyrand informing him of it, and desiring him to name an hour when I might wait upon him, in order to comtnunicate to him the purport of my Instructions. 'so this Letter I received no answer that evening or the following morning. Anxious to execute my orders, and to lose no time, I Inelofed the Project furnished me by your Lordship, accompanied by an official Note, and a private Letter to M. de Talleyrand, and sent it to the Foreign Department by Mr. Mandeville, with directions to deliver it to M. de Talleyrand, or in his absence to the Chef du Bureau. He delivered it accordingly to M. Durand, who promised to give it to his Chief as soon as he came in, which he expected, he laid, shortly. At half-past four, having waited till that time in vain,

I went myself to M. de Talleyrand; I was told that the Family was in the country, and that they did not know when the Minister would be'in Town. Half an hour after I had returned home, the Packet, which Mr. Mandeville had given into the hands of M. Durand, was brought to me, I believe determined by a Servant, with a verbal meftage, that as M. de Talleyrand was in the country it would be necessary that I should fend it to him there. In order to defeat as much as depended upon me, their intention of gaining time, I wrote again to M. de Talleyrand, recapitulating the steps I had taken flnee the return of the Messengers; and desired Mr. Talbot, the Secretary of the Embassy, to take it himself at nine o clock at night, when I thought M. de Talleyrand would be at home, to his house at Meudon. He was, however, not at home. Mr. Talbot was told that he was at St. Cloud, where he had been all day, and that he would not be back until very late. He therefore left my private letter, with his name, and returned with the Packet. It was my intention to have sent it on the following morning to the Bureau, with orders that it should be left there; at one o'clock in the morning I received a Note from M. de Talleyrand, accounting for his not having been able to answer mefooner; and appointing me at twelve o'clock at the Bureau des Relations Exte-rieures. I went at the appointed time. 1 le began by ^apologizing for having so long postponed the interview, which he attributed to his having been the whole day with the First Consul. \Ve then entered

upon business. I told him that, limited as I was by your Lordship's Instructions, he could not be surprized at my impatience to acquit myself of my duty. I explained to him the nature of your Lordship's observations on the proposal of the 4th, ’and that it was considered as on one hand impracticable from the refusal of the Emperor of Rutfla to take charge of Malta, and on the other, as being wholly inadequate to His Majesty's just pretensions. I gave him the Note in which this was exprdfed, and the Project, on which alone a satisfactory arrangement could be framed. He read them with apparent attention, and without many remarks; and after some time, he asked me if I felt myself authorized by my Instructions to conclude with him a Convention framed on the basis of my Project, or indeed extending that basis, fmee the First Article of it would be the perpetual possession of Malta to England, in return for a consideration. I told him I most certainly was not authorized to enter into any engagement of such a nature, which would make the Negociation one of exchange, instead of a demand of satisfaction and security. To this he replied, that the satis-faction and security w’hich we required was Malta, and that this we obtained. That the First Consul could not accede to what he con-fldered, and what must be considered by the Public and by Europe, as the efled of coercion; but if it were possible to make the diaft palatable, did I think myself justifiable in refuting to do so ? I told him, that acting in ftrid compliance with my Instructions, I could have no need of justificiation, and that I came to him with the detenuination of abiding strictly by them. He contended, that by communicating a Project, I merely dated on what grounds we would be willing to conclude; and that a Counter-Project, founded on the basis of giving us what we required, could not be refused a fair difcullion. To this, I urged the resolution of His Majesty's Ministers, to avoid everything which could pro trad the Negociation. That I law no other means of acting up to those views, than by making my stand on the Project at all events. I urged him repeatedly to explain himself more fully on the nature of the demand which he should make for Malta, but he cm/ld not or would not explain himself After much contest, it was agreed that the proposal should be fubinitted to me in the course of a few hours, and that I should determine on the line of conduct I might feel myself justified in pursuing, either to sign it, to fend it home, or to leave Paris.

The remainder of this day passed without receiving any communication from M. de Talleyrand. Upon this, I determined to demand my Passports, by an official Note, which I sent this morning by Mr. Mandeville, in order that I might leave Paris in the evening.

At two, I renewed my demand of Passports, and was told I should have them immediately. They arrived at five o'clock, and I propose setting out as soon as the carriages are ready.

(First Inclosure, referred to in No. 70.)

Translation.

The underflgned, His Britannic Majesty's AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the French Hepublick, having transmitted to his Court the Proposal which was made to him by the Minister for Foreign A flairs on the 3d instant, has just received orders to transmit to his Excellency the accompanying Project of a Convention, founded on the only balis which His Majesty conceives, under the existing circumstances, to be susceptible of a definitive and amicable arrangement. The Minister for Foreign Affairs will not fail to observe to what degree His Majesty has endeavoured to conciliate the security of his interests with the dignity of the First Consul. The undersigned flatters himself, that the First Consul, doing justice to these fen li men Is, will adopt in concert with His Majesty, an expedient so suitable lor restoring permanent tranquillity to both Nations, and to all Europe.

The underflgned avails himself of this opportunity to renew to his Excellency the assurance of his highest consideration.

(Signed) Whitworth.

(Second Inclosure, referred to in No. 70.)

Translation.

PROJECT.

I. The French Government shall engage to make no opposition to the ceftion of the Island of Lampedofa to His Majesty by the King of the Two Sicilies.

II. In consequence of the present (late of the Island of Lampedofa, His Majesty shall remain in possession of the Island of Malta until such arrangements shall be made by Him as may enable His Majesty to occupy Lampedofa as a Naval Station; after which period the llland of Malta shall be given up to the Inhabitants, and acknowledged as an independent State.

III. The Territories of the Batavian Republic shall be evacuated by the French Forces within one month after the conclusion oi a Convention foundedon the principles of this Project.

IV. The King of Etruria, and the Italian and Ligurian Republics, shall be acknowledged by His Majesty.

V. Switzerland shall be evacuated by the French Forces.

VI. A suitable territorial provision shall be assigned to the King of Sardinia in Italy.

SECRET

53-)

I® Moii, ontinued.

- by

43 feso. III. Appendix.

1057

SECRET ARTICLE.

His Majesty shall not be required 'by the French Government to evacuate the Island of Malta until after the expiration of ten years.

Articles IV. V. and VI. may be entirely omitted, or mull all be kiferted.

(Third Inclosure, referred to in No. 70.)

TraulDtion.

Paris, May 10, 180*3.

In order not to lose an initant of so precious a time, I have the honour to convey to you the Project which I have received from my Court, with the Note which accompanies it. I shall have the honour of calling on your Excellency at any hour you may appoint, in consequen<^ of the request I made yesterday. But in the mean while, you will be in pnlTeflion of the contents of my Instructions. I hope to God that they may be of a nature to inlure the tranquillity of both Countries and of Europe.

I avail mylrlf of this opportunity to renew to your Excellency the assurance of my high const deration.

(Signed) Whitworth.

To his Excellency M. de Talleyrand,

&c. &c. &c.

(Fourth Inclosure, referred to in No. 70.)

Translation.

Sii\ Paris, May 10, 1803.

Having veflerday morning received fmne important Inliructions to communicate to you, I wrote to you that evening to alk your Excellency at what hour 1 could have the honour to acquit myfe'f of this ducy. That letter has not been answered. At two o’clock this afternoon, I sent Mr. Maudeville, attached to the EmbaiVy, to the Oiiice for Foreign Affmrs, in older to deliver to your Excellency, or in your able nee to your Firit ^.retary, a le.ded Packet, containing the Papers which I had to communicate to you, and I added a fecund letter to your Excellency. Mr. Mandeville delivered this Packet into the hands of M. Durand, who allured him, that it should be communicated to you without delay. At half pall four, not having received any answer to my Letters, I went to the Foreign Office, and I there learnt that you were in the Country, and that it was not known when you would return to Town.

Half an hour afterwards having returned home, the Papers which mv Secretary h ad taken and delivered to M. Durand were brought to me, with a me.iage that I mull lend ihem to the Minister in the Country.

In this state of thing*, since your Excellency does not give mean opp .•rtunity of making you this communication, 1 have no other alternative than to give it 111 change to Mr. Talbot, Secretary to the Em-balTy. He will have the honour to deliver to you the Project of a 'Convention, which, I hope, will serve as a balls to an amicable arrangement between our two Governments.

I have only to add, that the term of my ft ay in Paris is limited, and I mult let out on my journey lor England on 1 hurlday morning, if the Negociation is not favourably terminated before that time.

I requell you, Sir, to accept the affuruiice ot my high confederation.

(Signed) IV hit worth.

(Fifth Inclosure, referred to in No. 70.

Transition.

It being impossible for the undersigned to delay any longer executing the Orders of his Court, he duds hmitelf obliged to request the Minister for Foreign Aftairs to have the goodness to expedite the necellaiy Passports for his return to England.

He requells his Excellency to accept the assurance of his high confederation.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Paris, 1‘2 th May 1803.

No. 71.

Extract of a Dispatch from Sir George Rumbold, Bart, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Hamburgh, March ‘29, 1803.

Late lait night it was determined that the Senate should be convened extraordinarily on this day, in order to con Oder of a requisition from the French Minister, to miert in the Hamburgh Paper a most offensive article, intended as a jollification of the Firit Conlul, and an attack on the measures of the British Government. It is with great regret that I inform your I/ndthip, that the Senate have judged it prudent to comply with this demand; and that the Article will be infer ted in the Paper of tomorrow; it is now in the hands of the Publisher for that purpose. . It was the wish of the Senate that they might at least be allowed to omit or qualify the mod ottenfive passages, but Mr. H he in hard t said his orders were positive, for the jull and exatt infortion of the whole.

VOL. 58.

No. 72.

Ext raft of a Dispatch from Mr. Hill to Lord IlawkeHuiry; dated Copenhagen, April 2, 1803.

Append (No. 53 iSM/a

The French Minister at Hamburgh received orders from his Government to have inserted in the Public Papers ol that City, an Art.cle which was lent to bun, containing a commentary upon llis Majesty s communication to Parliament, ldpefting the nectllity ol increasing the Military Forces of the Country in the present ci ream fiances. '1 he Senate of Hamburgh conleiited with much repugnance to the insertion of this paragraph. The French Minister deft red that the lame should be published in the Papers at Altona; but the Danish Magistrates laid that they could not.pollihly permit it without an express order Irorn this Government. In consequence of this refusal, M. Ddgucfieau, the French Minister at this Court, received from his Colleague at Hamburgh a copy of the Article, with a request that he would solicit the peimission of its publication in the Daniili Papers. To my knowledge he had no answer yesterday, and I have every reason to suppose that this Government will lliow the greatdl reluctance in acceding to the French Minister’s requell.

APPENDIX.

No. 1. " ,

Rr.ro nr made to the French Consul by Colonel Sebastianl; extracted from the Moniteur of the 30th ot January 1803.

On the 16th of September I embarked at Toulon on board the Cornelia; and on the 30th I arrived at Tripoli. I immediately wrote to Baron Cedeiftrom, the Swedish Rear-Admiral, as well as to the Minister of the Pacha, to offer them my mediation to terminate the differences existing between the Swedish Court and the Regency. Mr mediation was accepted: the Minister and the Rear Admiral repaired to the Commiilarial House of France, and we entered on the negotiation. The two parties were far asunder; the Pacha demanded a considerable sum, and an augmentation of the annual tribute. lie urged a Treaty made two years ago by an Envoy of the King of Sweden, which allured the payment of 245,000 heavy pi nil res, and of an annuity of 20,000; lie added, that two years of war had subjected him to extraordinary expences, and that he used great moderation in conforming himself to the Treaty in quell ion. M. de Cedeiftrom only offered in the name of his Court, 100,000 piaflres for the redemption of the Swedish Slaves, who were to the number of a hundred and fifty, and an annuity 01*5,000 pialires. After much debate, I succeeded 111 making them iign a Treaty which fixed the payment of the ransom at 150,000 pi alt res, and the annuity at 8,000. —On the ill of October I was presented with much pomp to the Pacha, who received me in the moll distingtiished manner. The exchange of the ratification of the Treaty ol Peace took place, and the Italian Republic was formally acknowledged. I cuuied its Flag to be hnilied on the Commiftanal House ot France, and it was saluted by the frigate and the place with. 21 guns.—It was not without difficulty that the Pacha contented to acknowledge that Republic. lie teared that all Italy was comprised in this new Republic, and that, in consequence, he would be obliged, to respect indiscriminately all the ships of commerce of that part of Europe: this would ddiroy his Marine. I gave him the necessary explanations, and particularly those which related to the object of his apprehensions, and he replied to me, c Certainly I. wi/li to beat Peace with the Italian Republic, without too much injuring my interest; but if it were llill more difficult, 1 would do it, since the great Bonaparte del ires it.’—The Pacha of Tripoli is a brave and enterpnzing man, the friend ot France. T he English have iurnished succours to his brother, who is at present at Derue, without means or credit. His plan is to raise tire Country against the Bey. The political and adminilirative aftairs of the Regency are conducted by Seid-Muhammed-cl-Deghais, Minister of the Pacha. This man is full of sagacity, and has even some notions of European politics. He has been in France, and preserves lor our Country a predominant fentimenc of afiection. On the 2d of October I let out from T ripoli, and on the 1 (5th arrived at Alexandria: the fame day I waited upon General Stuart, Commandant of the English Forces by land and lea. I communicated to him the Order of the Minister for Foreign Aftairs, which enjoined ine to proceed to Alexandria, and if the English ft ill occupied that place, to demand a speedy evacuation, and the execution of the Treaty of Amiens. General Stuart then told me, that the evacuation of the place would shorlly be efiVeled; but seeing that I infilled, and that I desired tin answer less vague, he declared to me, that he had no orders from his Court to quit Alexandria, and that he even believed he should pals the winter there. General Stuart is a man of mediocre talents: he has for his Aid de-Camp a French Emigrant, called th* Chevalier de Sades, a man of talent, and an enemy of France, who has much influence over the General. I went the fame day to fee K hour-chid Ahmid, the Pacha of Alexandria, and the Captain Bey, Commander of the Forces of the Ottoman Porte. After the customary compliments, and some language agreeable to the Sublime Porte, I announced to them, that the Agents of French Commerce would alienable in Egypt. T his communication gave them the greatest plegr sure, and they did not conceal that they saw with grief the stay of the

E"8li"‘

1058

Appendix

A. 1803.

appendix, No. 53.)

18° Mm, continued.

English in the Country. I told them, that their ft ay could not be much longer, and that the general Peace left no doubt of their approaching departure. On the 17th I visited the Cheik El-Meffiry. The fame day I also. visited the Cheik Ibrahim Mufti. On the Hub j I visited the Coupure du Khalidj, which has formed the Lake Mureotis. I lie current of the waters of the Lake Manic is Itill very strong, and it the Porte does not make haftc to re-establish this important canal, the overflows which take place on the little tongue of Land that fe-parates the two Lakes, will render the opening so considerable, that it will be inpoflible to travel. I do not think that ihe Swedish Engineer sent by the Porte to direct thcie labours has the necessary talents. 'I he formation of the Lake Mareotis appears to have contributed to the salubrity of the air.. The City has no other water than what it draws from the wells of Marabouf. This little Fort I found guarded by an Engh/h and Turkish Garrison, in order to protect the inhabitants who came to draw water. I employed the day of the 19th in perambulating the town, and receiving different individuals who came to visit me. On the 20th, I set out for Cairo, escorted by two Turkish Officers, and fix French Soldiers, whom I had taken 011 board the frigate, hut contrary winds obliged me to return to the port. The next day I was at Aboukir, where I passed the night. I profited by this opportunity to visit the fort, which is in a very ruined irate. On the 22d I arrived at Roictta, after having visited the Fort .1 alien; I law the fame day Osman, Aga and Duvannv of the town, as well as all the Oliriitinns who reiide there. The 23d I was at Faonc, where I visited the Commandant of the place, the Cadi, and the Chicks; I received from the latter, and from all those whom I entertained, protestaiions of attachment, to the Fiift Conlul. I passed the next day at Ralimanie, where I visited the Cheik Mohammed Abou-Aly; the fort of the Town is almost entirely destroyed. I visited on the 25th, at Menouf, the Cheik Abri.n, whom the First Coniiilhad appointed Cadi. The other Cheiks of that Town who came to visit me, held the fame language as those of Faonc. I laid to them, ‘ The Firtl Conlul loves your Country much, he speaks of it often; he interests himself in your happinel's;

> he did not forget you, and recommended you to the Porte. He has made Peace with Europe, and this Country will feel the interest which he takes, and the recollection which he has preferred of the poor Cheiks of Egypt/.—Muhammed Kachef-Zourba Matzellem, who commanded at Menouf on my journey through that town, has been beheaded in cnniequence of being accui’cdof communications with the Mamelukes. The two forts of Menouf are destroyed. I arrived the fame day at Boulak. I lent immediately Citizen Joubert to inform the Pacha of Cairo of my arrival. The next morning, the 26th, the Pacha sent 300 Cavalry and 200 Infantry, commanded by the principal Officers of his Household, to accompany me to him, amidll a great many discharges of artillery. Having arrived at the Pacha's I said to him, ‘ Peace has been concluded between the French Republic and the Sublime Porte; the ancient relations of Amity and Commerce have been re-established, and I am charged by the Great Consul Bonaparte, to allure you of his benevolence, and to announce to you the arrival of Commissaries of the French Commerce in Egypt/ The Pacha answered me, ‘ The benevolence with which the First Confnl has honoured me, penetrates me with gratitude, and his Commercial Agents shall meet here the most friendly reception/ I proceeded then to the JJou'e which the Pacha had prepared for me. I received the fame day the viftts of all the principal men of the country, and of the Copt In-tendauts. On the 27th I again repaired to the Pacha, with whom I had a long conference. I spoke to him in thele words: ‘ The First Consul takes in you, and the Country which you govern, a very lively interest, and desires to contribute to your happiness; he has charged me therefore to offer yon his mediation, in order to make peace between you and the Beys/

The Pacha thanked me warmly and ffneerely for the interest which the First Consul took in his behalf, but he proteiled to me, that he had the moll positive Orders from his Court, to make a war of extermination upon the Beys, and not to enter into any arrangement with them. I cibierved, that the unfortunate ciicumltances which had happened to the Ottoman Troops (they had been beaten live times succes-ftvely by the Mamelukes) rendered their portion very critical, and that obltiuacy exposed them to the lots of the Province, He then Communicated to me the Order of the Porte, and I law beyond a doubt that it was not possible for him to enter into any accommodation. I informed him that I intended to visit the different Cheiks of Cairo, and also Madame Murad Bey, and to inspetf the environs and fortifications of the City. He ordered immediately that the Guard which he had sent should accompany me wherever I wiffied to go, informing me, that he would use every' means in his power to render my stay at Cairo agreeable.—The fame day I commenced my viftts, beginning with the Cheik Ahdallah-cl-Cheicanoi, of the Great Mosque. As I was expected by him, he had assembled a considerable number of Cheiks. The convention turned upon the interest which the First Consul took in Egypt, on his power, his glory, and on his elleem and benevolence for the learned Cheiks of Cairo. Their answers expressed their attachment to his person. lie mult have been a witness like myself to theenthufuism excited at the view of the portrait of the First Consul, to form an idea of the exaltation of their fenumcots. I have given it to all the prin-

cipal Cheiks of Cairo, and of the Towns where I have travelled._Oa

the 28th I invited the Cheik Omar-el-Berky, Prince of the Shirifs; he was ill, and I saw only his son. The Cheik Suleiman el-Far-goumy received me with much friendship, and allured me of his bound-lel’s admiration for the First Consul. —The Citizen Joubert and Beve have certified to me that the Inhabitants of Cairo never testi/ied so much attachment to France as on my arrival.—When we pals along the streets every body salutes us. Their Astrologers make predictions every day as to what concerns the First Consul. - On the 29th I went to visit Madame Murad Bey: her Intendant had already prayed of mt that I would grant her an interview. I informed her, that the First Consul had charged me to interpnfe my mediation, in order to make their Peace with the Sublime Porte; but that the Pacha had ordered that 110 negociation should be Entered into.—-I employed that day and the following in visiting the Citadel, the Iffe of Ro da Gize, Boulak, and all the other little Forts which surround the City. The Turkish Soldiers murmured to fee me visit their forts, but I feigned not to hear them, and continued my course and my observations.—On the 29th, iu returning to Fort Dupuy, a soldier menaced me with his attagan; but as the Inhabitants of the City testitied highly theii* indignation against him, 1 did not stop at his menaces, and continued my route. A moment afterwards Mnftapha Oukil, one of the Chiefs of the City, puffed before me on horsebuck, I11 puffing, be reproached mv guides with marching before a Christian, and above all, before a Frenchman, and menaced them with the baliinado after my departure. I could not he lilent under such an intuit; and upon my return I lent Citizen Joubert to the Pacha, to make my complaint, and demand a prompt red refs. I declared to him that I expected this man would come publickly to me to ask my pardon, place himself at my disposal, and implore my pity. lie found that Multapha was greatly protected by the Pacha, and wanted to arrange it otherwise; but I perlifted by declaring formally to the Pacha, that if this reparation was not made in the manner in which I demanded it, I should inllantly depart, and immediately write to Paris and Constantinople to state my complaint. This declaration produced all the effect which 1 expected; and Muf-tapha, alarmed, came on the following day to me, concluded by Ro-fetti, and he publicly asked my pardon, and put himself at my disposal. I told him that iny first intention had been to cut off his head, and that I only gave him his life at the solicitalions of the Pacha and M. Rofetti; but if in future he should ever insult the French, or thofi in their fuite, his destruction would be inevitable. This affair, which was instantly spread throughout the whole City, produced the Left effect.—The fame day an attempt was made to excite the Albanefi against me. Two letters from Rosetta, written by English Proteg6es, atfured me that there had been seen upon the coasts of Naroliaa French' fleet of 300 fail; that we were marching against Constantinople, and that my visit to Egypt had no other object but to deceive them, and blind them to their dangers. I made the Merchant come to me who t had received the letter: I made him give it me—I instantly sent it to the Pacha himself, telling him that this absurd news was spread to occasion disorders, and to endeavour to alter the good understanding which existed between France and the Sublime Porte; and I guaranteed the falsehood of it with my head. The Pacha had discovered the snare, and did not fall into it. He even communicated to me a letter from General Stuart, which he had just received, and to which was joined an Order of the Day, of the First Consul, when he commanded the Army of Egypt. This Order of the Day was dated in August 1799, and recalled to the recollection of the Egyptians, that Constantinople was tributary to Arabia, and that the time was now come to rest ore Cairo to its supremacy, and to destroy the Eastern. Empire of the Ottomans. General Stuart begged the Pacha to consider the spirit of that Order, and to judge from it of our attachment, and of our peace with the Tnrks. I was indignant to find that a Soldier of one of the most polite Nations of Europe should degrade himself so far as to instigate ailaflination, by means of such an inlinu-ation—the Pacha treated me with* the greatest politeness, and the English at Cairo were witnesses of the attachment of that City to the French. I received a Deputation from the Monks of Mount Sinai, whom I recommended to the Pacha: I wrote to their Superior, to allure them of the friendship and protection of the First Consul. The Monks of the Propaganda at Cairo, whom I placed under the National protection which they enjoyed before the War, celebrated aTe Deum for the prosperity of the First Consul. I assisted at this ceremony, at which all the Christians of Cairo were present. The evening before my departure (the 2d of November) I had another interview with the Pacha, and recommended all the Christians ot Caiio to his protection, as well as the Turks, who, during the residence of the French in Egypt, were connected with them. He not only promise to respect them, but even to treat them with bounty. On the 3d, set out in a conveyance of the Pacha's, in order to repair to Damietta. The Pacha ordered me to be escorted to Boulak, with the honours that I received on the day of my arrival. I had written to Captain Gourdin, to repair to Damietta with the frigate, in order to convey me to Syria. On the 5th I flopped a short time at Simenoud, and afterwards at Manfoura, where I saw the Commandant of the City and the Cheik Efield-Mubammed-el-Chenaoni, who came to

m

Go

a

a

■A

it

fl

-i

*S

2

of

V:

i*

js»

c

i’

P>

43 Geo. III. Appendix,

IM, as well as all the other Cheiks. I (poke to them in the same manner as the other Cheiks of Egypt, and received the fame promises of attachment. The Tower of Manloura is deft roved. The fame day I arrived at Damietta. The next day 1 went to Ahmed-Pacha-Behil, a creature of the Grand Vizier’s; he returned my visit the lame day. He conducted himself perfectly well to me during my stay in that City.—On the ytli I went to visit the J'ort of Lelbe and the Towers of Bogaz. They have not continued the works of that Fort, which is in a bad hate: Thoieof Bogaz are in a good condition. There is aGar-rifon of aoo men in the Fort and in the Towers. On the 8th I received the visit of Hast'&n Touhar: his influence over the inhabitants of Menf&le is full the fame. On the pth I went to Senenie, where I saw the Cheik ibrahim-el-Behlout, he who behaved so well to the French under the orders of General Vial, when they were taken and imprisoned. The First Conlul had exempted his V illage from all contributions. I saw all she Chieks at Damietta, particularly Ali Khafaki. whom the First Conlul had inverted with a Pelifle: he is possessed of great credit, and is much attached to the French. There are at I)a-inietta two Christians, who are men of merit, and may be very useful to us: They are M. Bazile and Don Bazile. They are possessed of gomi information, have very considerable fortunes, and are verj’ highly telpeded. In Egypt, Chiefs, Merchants, People, all like to talk of the First Conlul—all ofter up prayers for his happinels. All the news which concerns him spread from Alexandria or Damietta to the Pyramids and the Grand Cataracts with astonishing rapidity. On the 14th the frigate arrived at Bogaz from Damietta; I immediately set out for Acre, at which place I arrived on the 19th.

The 20th of November, in the morning, I dispatched Citizens Joubert and Legrange to Dgezzar-Pacha, with a Letter, in which 1 hated to him, that Peace being concluded between France and the Porte, the relations of Commerce should be re-established on the footing they Hood before the War, and that I w as charged by the First Conlul to confer with him on these objects. I begged of him to answer me in writing, if he was inclined to treat with me. In some hours the Messengers returned: Dgezzar had received them coldly. He expressed his desire to fee me personally, but was unwilling to 'Write. Every' body advised me not to fee him, without an aftiirance written by himself; but this he appeared unwilling to do: but notwithstanding this cautionary advice, and his obstinate refusal to write,

I determined to repair my lei f immediately to Acre.—I repaired to the house of the Comiuiflary of the Seven Illes. Very loon after the Drowoman of the Pacha, informed of my arrival, came to conduct me to the Pacini, who received me in an apartment where he was unattended, and which was without any other furniture than a carpet. He had on one tide of him a pittol with lour barrels, a small air-gun, afabre, and a hatchet. After inquiring as to my health, he asked me, whether I was not persuaded that our end is pre-ordained in Heaven, and that nothing could change ourdeltiny. I answered that I believed as he did, in Predestination. 1 le confuted to speak for some time on that subject. I perceived, however, P\.i he attheted a degree of (implicit)', but that, at the same time, he v. nhed to pais for a Man of wit, as well as for a jul't Man. lie repeated several times, 44 It is said, that Dgezzar is barbarous: this is falie; he is but just and severe. Request of the First Copii'l, not to tend me, as Commissary of Commercial Relations, a lame or a blind Man; because such a person would be tore to fav, that Dgezzar had made him lo." Soon after he said, u I desire that the Commissary you may fend shall reflde at Seide, as that, in the mod commercial Port in my Dominions: betides, it is not ucceflary he should reflde here, where I shall be myself the French Commissary, and shall take care that your Countrymen be well received. I highly efteeca the French. In stature Bonaparte is small, hut he is nevertheless the greatest of mankind. 1 know that he is greatly regretted at Cairo, where they wish to fee him again." I made a few observations on the Peace between France and the Porte; to which he answered, 44 Do you know why I have thus received, and feel so much pleasure at seeing you ? It is because you come unautbo-thorized by a Firman, and without any orders from the Divan. I have the greeted contempt for its blind Vizier. They say that Dgezzar is a Bofnian, a man of draw, and cruel to excess; but never-thcleis, 1 can (Land the ordeal. I was once poor. My Father had nothing to bequeath me but courage. I have achieved my own elevation by dint of exertion. This, however, does not make me proud, and Dgezzar, perhaps, will soon fini/h his career; not that he is old, as his Enemies report, (he then performed fom* of the manoeuvres of the Mamelukes, in their mode of rising their arms, &c. which he really executed with surprifing adroitness and agility) but because, moil likely, God will have it lb. The King of France, once so powerful, has perished. Nebuchadnezzar, the greatest of all Kings, was, when his time was come, killed by a fly, &c." He made several other observations in this drain, and afterwards spoke of the motives which induced him to make War upon the French Army: from the whole of his demeanour it could ealily he seen, that he wished to be on good terms with the First Consul, and that he stifled his resentments. The following is the Apologue, which he used to demonstrate the causes of his refinance. " A black Slave," he laid, " after a long journey, in which he had fullered the greatest privations, arrived at a little field of

liigar cancs: lie stopped therein, and indulged himself in partaking of the delicious liquor they afforded; and at length was determined to remain on thefpot. Very soon after two Travellers, who had followed him, came up. The first laid to him, Sulanmlhv (the mode of wishing health). The Devil take it, answered the black. The. second Traveller then approached, and inquired why he had answered in ltich a way to so good a wish. I had very good reason for it, replied he; if I had answered in a friendly manner, the Man would have entered into conversation with me, and afterwards fat down bolide me; he would have partaken of my refreshments, and, finding them ddirable, would have endeavoured to obtain exclusive possession." 1 recommended to the favourable attention of Dgezzar the Christians and the Convents at Nazareth and Jerusalem: he allured me that lie would treat them with much regard. I did not forget the Mutuales, and received the fame assurance in their behalf. Dgezzar frequently observed to me, that his word was, with him, more sacred than Treaties. Our conversation was interrupted for some moments by a kind of military mnfic, which he performed in a very agreeable style* The Palace of Dgezzar is built with much talle and elegance; but, in order to arrive at the apartments, a number of turnings are necessary. At the foot of the staircase, however, is situated a Prison, the gate of which is allowed to be open from noon till evening. I saw a number of the unfortunate inhabitants. In the Courts I observed twelve field-pieces well mounted, and in admirable order. Never did I encounter a fight more hideous or repulsive than that of the Minister of Dgezzar, whom I met in going out. The Pacha had caused one of his eyes to be put out, and his nose and ears to be cut oft. I saw in the Town more than a hundred individuals in the fame date. On beholding the domestics of Dgezzar, and even the Inhabitants of Acre, one would imagine himself in the resorts of Brigands ready to at raffinate. This monster has imprinted the mark of his atrocious charter upon, every thing within the limits of his power. I had an opportunity of seeing while at Acre, the Proturateur of the Propaganda, as well as that of the Iloly Land. Of the former, Und of the Conuniflhry of the Seven Illes, I collected some information concerning the present (late of Syria, and the Fortifications of Acre, of which I had seen but a part: 1 was not fuftered to visit them. The Procurateur of the Holy Land is grateful to the First Consul for the protection he had afforded the Monks. lie allured me that mv recommendation to Dgezzar would be very useful. He hinted to me Dgczzar's earned wiihes to be on good terms with the First Consul. It is certain that the former behaved very well to the Crew of a French Vessel which put into Acre shortly before my arrival. Dgezzar occupies all Palestine, with the exception of Jafta, where Aboumarak Pacha has been beiieged nearly five months, by a force of 9,000 Men. This operation prevents Dgezzar from carrying on hostilities with the defined vigour against the Emir of the Drules, who, for the space of a year, had paid him no tribute. Tripoli is tranquil at present: it is different at Aleppo, whence the Pacha has been driven. Damascus is in open rebellion against the Porte:—Not only has the Pacha of the Divan been expelled, but the Aga, who commanded the citadel for the Turks, has been delivered up by the Soldiers to the Insurgents, who have decapitated him. Tripoli is now under a rebellious Pacha, who is a creature of Dgezzar; who has lately ordered him to protect the Pilgrims from Mecca. In a word, all Syria is with Dgezzar, and the Ottomans are as much detested here as in Egypt. The Mutuales live peaceably in their villages; they have, however, been obliged to retire from the borders of the Sea. Aboumarak is now at the last extremity: this Man is equally inconsiderate and cruel,’and is surpassed only by Dgezzar. The Christians are even more in dread of him, and tremble for their future situation. The Monks of the Convent of Jaffa have withdrawn to Jerusalem. The 21ft November 1 quitted Acre. As the winds were unfavourable to a voyage to Jafta, 1 set fail for Zante, where I arrived the 4th December. I landed the fame day, but the Ships Company were put under quarantine. I repaired to the house of the French Coinmilfary, efeorted by the Officers of health. I soon learned that the Isle and the Republic were split into different parties, and that even the tranquillity of the place was threatened. I assembled the Members of the Constituted Authorities, and the principal Persons of the Town, at the house of the Governor M. de Cali 111 ipode. After having represen ted to them the interest which the First Consul took in their welfare, I induced them to lay aside that spirit of party which distradled them, and to wait without passion, and in silence, the new Constitution. These few words were received with enthusiasm, and all of them exclaimed, 44 France for ever! Bonaparte for ever!" These cries were reiterated on my going out by more than 4,000 Men, who followed me to the door. The Governor and the Russian Commandant were alarmed at it; and I learned by the French Commissary, on the following day, that two of the leading Men were sent to prison, but that, on his solicitations, and fearful of my reproaches, they were set at liberty in the course of the night. I went to the Conciergerie, and had the Governor brought there. I spoke to him strongly on the irregularity of his conduct: He was alarmed, and promised that he would look upon those who cried out, 44 Live the First Consul!" as good Citieefcs, and should in future treat them as such. As l^e sent, in the course of the night, a

60"*

Appendii (No. 53.;

18° M

continued.

1060

Appendix. 3803.

Courier to his Government, and I had reason to believe he had made a wrong Report, I immediately wrote to the Charge d’Affaires of the Republic at Corlu, to inform him what had passed, and that 1 was letting oft for Medina. I do not ft ray from the truth in alluring you, that the lliands of the Ionian Sea will declare themselves French as soon as an opportunity shall offer itself.

English Army in Egypt.—That Army, commanded by General Stuart, conliits of 4,430 men. They wholly and exclusively occupy Alexandria and the neighbouring Forts. The Turks, who formed the Gan.ion of ft me of these Forts, have been removed. Lately the English General has occupied Dcmanhour with 100 Infantry and 100 Morse, under the pretext of curbing the Arabs. The Fngliih have made no lieccllary works for the maintenance of the Forts; the pa-lifades are almost entirely destroyed, and the branches occulioned by the rains have very much damaged all the new Fortifications. They occupy none of the Works which are beyond the line of the Arabs, and all the Redoubts which existed at the departure of the French Army are destroyed. The Pacha of Cairo furnifiies to the English Army corn, rice, wood, and provisions, without any payment. The eonfumption is treble what it should be: they commit great walk-.

A great miftmderstanding reigns between General Stuart and the

Pacha.

State of the Army.

Dillon's Regiment—Emigrants - - - 4o 0

British Cliaffeurs—Ditto - - - 550

Role's Regiment—Swiss - - - 600

Wat teville’s Regiment— Ditto - - - 68 0

The 10th Regiment of Infantry— 'Enj gliili - 600

' The 61ft Regiment Infantry—Ditto - - 650

The 88*h Regiment Infantry—Ditto - - 400

Dragoons of the 26th Light—Ditto - - 350

Artillery—Ditto - - - 150

Total 4430

The Turkish Army.—Muhammed, Pacha of Cairo, who has taken, k is not known why, the title of Viceroy of Egypt, does not command the Troops in perl on. Muhainmed Aly-Serr-Cherfme, who had the command since my arrival, was killed before Gaza; they are now under the orders of Juliet Kiahia. 'Fair is Pacha of the Arnaoutes, who compose the greatest part of this Army, amounting to about

16.000 men. They from time to time receive reinforcements.— Chourchid-A limed, a Pacha of two tails, is at Alexandria with 600 men, who occupy no fortification. This Pacha is, as one may say, a prisoner with the English. The Turkish Army consists of 7,640 men, and that of the Arnaoutes of 8,500, making a whole of 16,140.-11 is life lets to add, that this is not an Army; they are men ill armed, without discipline, without confidence in their Chiefs, and enervated by exoeffive debauchery. The Chiefs are in every thing like their Soldiers, ignorant even of the first: principles of the Military Art; and, uniformly actuated by the love of wealth, they think of nothing but of obtaining it, and of finding the means of carrying it oft in safety. Six thousand French would at present be enough to conquer Egypt.

Army of the Mamelukes.—The Army of the Beys is composed of

3.000 Mamelukes, of 3.500 Arabs of the tribe of Ababde ot Chark, and of 3,500 of the tribe of Hinialy. Muhammed Bey Lily married the daughter of the Chcik of the First, and Maarzouk Bey son of Ibrahim Bey, the daughter of the Cheik of the tribe of Binialy. The power in this Army is divided between lbraham Bey, who is the Chief, Eley Bey and Osman Bey, who has succeeded Murad Bey. Their head-quarters are at DjergC*. They have 80 French deserters, which form a small Corps of Artillery. rl'o the present time they have beat the Turks in every action, and the Egyptians prefer them to the Qfmanlis. 7 he whole of Upper Egypt has iubmitted to them.

Syria.—Acre. The body of this place has been repaired; the Port has been covered with a small horned work, and the tower of the angle by a half-moon. They have likewise made a small Heche, in front of the palace of the Pacha.—All the works are well kept. The weakest part is that towards the Sea, and particularly the point which defends the entrance of the Port. The Forces of Dgezzar are at present 13 or 14,000 men, of which 9,000 are employed at the siege of Jaffa. Jerusalem and Nazareth are occupied by the Troops of the Pacha of Acre. The Naplonfains serve against Aboumarak.

Jaffa. The Vizier, after the taking of Egypt, causedthe body of the place to be re-constructoi* which is at present in a very good state. Aboumarak, Pacha of Palestine, who defends this place, has a Garrison of 4,000 men.—Gaza is occupied by 400 Troops of Aboumarak.—The Emir of the Druses has refused to Dgezzar his annual contribution, and has raised a respectable Armament. The Pacha waits till the fall of Jaffa to attack him. The English wiftied to interfere as mediators between the Emir and Dgezzar, but the last refused their mediation. The Porte Mas, at this moment, little connexion with Syria.

(■Signed) Horace Stlajliani.

No. 2.

Paris, 3 Ventofe, (feb* 22.)

Acts of the Government.

Decree of the Government of the 21ft February.

The Government of the Republic decrees, that a view of the p<*-sent situation of the Republic lha.ll be carried to the Legislative Body by the Messengers of the Government, and also the fame be infer ted in the Bulletin of the Laws.

(Signed) Bonaparte, First Couful.

By order of the First Couful,

(Signed) H. B. Mant, Secretary of State.

View of the State or the Republic.

« Events have neither fruit rated the willies nor disappointed Hie expectations of Government. The Legislative Body, on resuming its labours, has the hitisfaction of finding the Republic strengthened by the union ot its Citizens, more aClive in its pursuits of industry, and more confident in its prufpeds of prosperity.

llie execution of the Concordat, from which the enemies of public . order stili ventured to conceive criminal hopes, has almost everywhere * produced the most beneficial cl'ccts. rl he principles of an eniightnocd Religion, the voice of the so^ereign Pontiff, the firinness and prrfiy veianec of Government, have triumphed over every obiUicle. Mutual facrilices have re-united the M millers of Religion; enlightened rea- son, and cordial unanimity have revived the Galilean Church; and i, the happiest change has already maniiefted itself in the public morals. Every day produces a more perfect coincidence of opinion and of len-timent. Childhood is more docile to the instrutiions of parents, and . youth more iubmifiive to the authority of Magistrates. The Conlcup-tion goes on lhioothly in those very places where the mere name of Conscription was sufficient to llimulate In furred ion, and to lerve the Country is now become a duty of Religion. J

In those Departments which the FiruConlhl v ill ted, he every where received pledges, and observed proofs of a return to those principle* which constitute the strength anti the happiness of society.

In the Departments of the Eure, the Lower Seine, the Oise, the inhabitants proudly exult in the National Glory. They are fentibleta their full extent of the advantages of Equality. Tiny hail with blei-ftngs the Restoration of Peace; they receive with bicllings the re-establishment of public VVorftiip. These are the ties that bind dovr* every heart to the State and the Confutation.

It is the duty of Government to cherish and dire# these auspicious dispositions.

Other forms of Worstiip have been regularly organized. Confiftoriet are formed of enlightened Citizens, tried and acknowledged Defender! of public order, of civil and religious liberty.

Public Instruction, that indispensible support of Society, is every where fought after with eagerness and alacrity. Several Lyceums have already been opened; already, as Government had well foreseen, a number of private Schools aspire to the rank of the secondaiy Schools. The whole body of Citizens shew their conviction that there cop be no happinels without the light of Education; that without talents and information, there can be no equality but that of milerj and fervilude.

A Military School is opened to receive the young Defenders of the Country. Soldiers, they will learn to support the life of Camps, and endure the fatigues of War. By long habits ot obedience they will be trained up to the art of commanding, and they will bring to the Armies courage and discipline, united with talents and with knowledge. '

In the Lyceums, as well as in the Military School, the youth of the Departments, newly incorporated with the Republic, will live mingled without any distin&ion with the youth of Old 1‘ranee. From this confusion of minds and manners, from this communication of habits and of dispositions, from this commixture of inlerelcs, of projects, and of hopes, will spring up that fraternity, which of levelal Nations will make but one People, destineg by their position, by their courage, and by their virtues, to form the centre of Union, and the example of Europe.

The National Jnstitute, which has its ascendancy over public Instruction, has received a more useful direction, and henceforward will exert a more active influence over the National Character, over the language of the Country', and over the Arts, Sciences, and Literature.

In order to insure the liability of our infant Institutions, in order to

remove from the eyes of the Public the spedre of Discord which

appeared to them in the periodical return of elections to the Suprem*

Magistracy, the friends of the Country called for the ConfuJate for

lile to be grunted to the First Magistrate. The People, upon being

confulied, answered to their call, and the Senate proclaimed the wi

of the People. t

The iyftem of Lists of eligibility could not resist the test ofexp^;

rience, and the force of public opinion.

The Organization of the Senate was incomplete.

The National Justice was left to be administered by Tribunals

without harmony, and without dependence on each other. There

was

Appendix,

(No- 5J-)

1 S’Maii continued.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1061

1

*1

1

*d

J

3

.JJ

>-1

■3

A

:j

p

v

•A!

iP'

o

Jfv‘

j

V

was no authority to protect or to reform them; no tie of restraint to subject them to one commou discipline.

In fine, there was wanting to France a power to reclaim Justice itself, the power of granting pardon. How often these twelve years pail has that power been implored! How many unfortunates have fallen the victims of an inflexible stemness with which wile Men reproached our Laws! llow many criminals have been acquitted through a fall'e indulgence, bee ait fe our punishments were too severe 1

A Senatus Consultum has restored to the People the exercise of those rights which the Constituent Assembly had acknowledged; but it has restored them surrounded with precautions, which preserve the People from errors or precipitation in their choice; with precautions which guard the influence of property, and the preponderance of enlightened talents.

Should the First Magistracy become vacant, the duties and the proceedings of the Senate are traced out for such an emergency: Forms of certain operation guide the wisdom and the liberty of their choice; and the quick decilion of that choice deprives ambition of the means of conspiring, and anarchy of the means of destroying.

The cement of time will every day consolidate, more and more, this tutelary inllitution. It will he not only the term of all disquietudes, and the object of all hopes, but likewise the fairest recompences that can be held out to public Cervices and public virtues.

Justice embraces all the Tribunals with one common bond. They have each their subordinate station and their censor: they are always free in the exercise of their functions; always independent of power, but never independent of the Laws.

The privilege of granting pardon when the interest of the Republic requires it, or when circumstances prescribe indulgence, is entrusted to the hands of the First Magistrate; but it is only confided to him under the guard of justice itself; he is to exercise it only under the eyes of a Council, and after having consulted the feverelc oracles of the Law.

If institutions may he appreciated by their effects, never was any inllitution more important in its relult than the orgauic Senatus Consultum* From that moment the French People began to confide in their defiiny; property began to resume its former value, and spe-culations of distant view to be multiplied;—until that moment every thing Teemed to float in uncertainty. The present moment was che-riflied; the next was a subject of alarm, and the enemies of the Country continued to cherish hopes. Since that moment they are reduced to impotence and to detestation.

The Island of Elba has been ceded to France; that acquisition gives her a mild and industrious people; two fine Ports, a productive and precious Mine; but being separated from France, it could not be intimately united with any of her Departments, or subjected to the regulations of a common administration. Principles have been made to bend to the necessity of circumstances; exceptions have been established for the Island of Elba, which its , and the public interest prescribed.

The abdication of the Sovereign, the will of the People, and the necessity of existing circumstances, had placed Piedmont under the Power of France. Amidst the Nations that surrounded it, with the elements that competed its population, Piedmont was unable to support either the weight of its own independence, or the expences of a Monarchy'. United to France, it will reap the beuefits of its security, and its greatuefs: its laborious andvenlightened Citizens will exert their industry and their talents in the bosom of the Arts, and under the shade of Peace.

Security and tranquillity prevail in the interior of France. The vigilance of the Magistracy, thefeverity of Justice, and a Gendarmerie vigorously appointed, and directed by a Commander, grown grey in the career of honour, has every where impressed terror on the minds and the attempts of the Brigands.

Private interest has raised itself to a sentiment of public interest. Citizens have not shrunk from attacking those whom they formerly dreaded, even when they were chained down at the foot of the Tri-bunals of Justice. Whole Communes have taken up arms and destroyed the Brigands. Foreigners envy the security of our public roads, and that public Force, which, though often invisible, is always present, attend on their footsteps, and watch for their prote&ion, without any necessity of imploring its aid.

During the course of a difficult year, amidst the exigencies of a general scarcity, the Poor looked with confidence to the care of Government. They l’upported with courage the privations which necessity imposed; and they received with gratitude the succours which they were taught to expect.

The crime of Forgery is no longer encouraged by the hope of impunity. The zeal of the Tribunals appointed to prosecute and punish it, and the just severity of the Laws, have at leugth checked the progress of an evila which threatened both the public treasure, and the fortunes of individuals.

Our cultivation daily improves, and defies the most boasted agricultural systems of Europe. In every Department are to be found enlightened Farmers, who afford both inftnfetiou and example.

You 58,

Premiums have been held out for improving the breed of Horses; and similar encouragements are proposed for the improvement of Wool by the introduction of a Foreign breed of sheep. Zealous Admini-ltrators are every where occupied in tracing out and revealing the richness of our Soil, and in difieminating the useful Plans and the happy results which experience daily discovers.

Our Manufactures multiply, and receive new spiritand improvement* While they emulate each, they will soon, no doubt, become the rivals of the most renowned Manufactures of Foreign Countries. Henceforth there will be nothing wanting to their prosperity but capitals lets dearly purchased. But Capitaiifts begin already to give up the hazardous i'peculations of Stock-jobbing, and devote their attention to the improvement of Land and the pursuit of useful enterprizes. More than twenty thousand Workmen, who were difperied throughout Europe, have been recalled by the attention and by the favours of Government, and will soon be reiiored to our Manufactures.

Among our Manufactures there is one which is almost peculiar to France, which Colbert kindled up by his genius. It was buried under the ruins of Lyons: Government has exerted all its endeavours to extricate iti Lyons is again restored to splendour and opulence; already do its Manufactures impose a tribute on the luxury ot Europe; But the principle of their success is to be found in the luxury of France itself; it is in the changefulneis of our talte, and the mutability of our faihions, that Foreign luxury must look for its aliment; it is it that gives motion and life to an imnienl’e population, who, without that encouragement, must iol'e itself in corruption and misery.

There will soon be at Compiegne, there will soon arise on the confines of La Vendee, a number of Prytanees, where our youth will be brought up in habits of industry, and infmicled in the mechanical arts. From that lource our Dock Yards and our Manufactures will one day draw Inspectors to direct their labours*

Fourteen Millions arising out of the Barrier Tax, and Ten Millions out of the Extraordinaries, have been employed during the year 10 in improving the public roads, in keeping up the old communications; New communications have also been opened. The Simpson, Mount-Cenis, and Mount-Genevre, will loon open a triple and easy access to Italy; a high road will lead from Genoa to Marseilles: a road is chalked out from Saint Esprit to Gap, another from Rennes to Brest, through Pontivy. At Pontivy, Establishments are to be raised which will have a powerful influence over the public mind of the Departments of which ci-devant Britanny was composed—a Canal will introduce into it new sources of commerce and prosperity.

On the Banks of the Rhine from Bingen to Coblentz, a neceflkry road is cut through inaccefiible rocks. The neighbouring Communes associate their labours to the sacrifices of the public Treasury; and the People of the other Bank, who ridiculed the folly of the enterprize, are astonished and confounded at the rapidity of the execution.

A great number of workmen are employed on the Canal of Saint Quin tin.

The Canal of Ourcq is opened, and soon will Paris People enjoy the benefit of its waters, and the salubrity and the cmbellishments which they promise.

The Canal intended to unite the navigation of the Seine and the Saone, of the Danube and the Rhine, is almost entirely finished as far as Dole, and the public Treasury already receives in the increufed price of wood, to which that Canal opens the approach, a sum equal to that which it has furnished for the continuance of the work.

The Canals of Argues. Mortes, and the Rhone, the draining of the Marshes of the Lower Charente, are begun, and will open up new channels to commerce, and afford new Lands for cultivation. Woris are going forward for the reparation of the Dykes of the Isle of Cad-fund, of Ostend, of the Cotes du Xord, and the re-establishment of the navigation of our Rivers. This navigation is no longer given up solely to the labours and the cares of Government. The Owners of Boats plying on these Rivers have already felt that it was their patrimony, and they fix on themselves the Taxes by which the works are to be kept in proper repair. On the Ocean, Forts are erecting to cover the roads of the Isle of Aix, and to protect the Vessels of the Republic. Every w here Funds are raised for the reparation and improvement of our Ports* A new Baton and locked Sluices will terminate the Harbour of Havre, and will form an excellent Port for the Commerce of La Manche. A Company of Pilots is formed to secure the safe Navigation of L'Efcaut, and to free Foreign Pilots from, the danger to which an unkuown Navigation must expose them.

At Antwerp, labours are begun, which will have the effect of restor* ing to its Commerce its ancient celebrity, and the Government has in contemplation a Plan for forming Canals to unite the Navigation of the Eicaut, the Meuse, and the Rhine, to give to onr Docks those materials of Wood which grows in our own Soil, and to our M&nuf&cv tures a perfection which the Manufacturers of other Countries dispute with us on our own Territory.

The Islands of Martinique, Tobago, and St Lttfie, have been restored to us with all the elements of prosperity < Guadaloope, reconquered and pacified, returns to cultivation. Guiana rites from a

long protracted infancy, and assumes a flourishing appearand

Appetu (No.* 18* M

tontinm

1062

Appendix.

A. 1809.

•pendir,

io> 53 )

3° Mali, mtinued.

St. Domingo had submitted, and the Author of its Troubles was in France. Every thing announced the return of prosperity, but a cruel malady delivered it up to new miseries. At length the icourge which desolated our Army has ceased its ravages. The Forces which now are on the Island, and those which will speedily arrive from, our different Ports, guarantee the prospex of its speedy return to Peace and to commercial pursuits.

efiels are setting fail for the Ides of France and Reunion, and for India.

Our maritime Commerce is seeking to renew its ancient connexions, to form new relations; and by thele efforts it gains new strength. Already happy experience and wife encouragements have re-animated a spirit for engaging in the Fishery which was long the patrimony of France. Commercial Expeditions ft ill more important are formed or projected for the Well-Imlia Colonies, the lile of France, and the East Indies.

Marseilles resumes in the Mediterranean its ancient ascendancy.

Chambers of Commerce have been restored in the Cities where they formerly exilied. New ones have been established in those places, which, by the extent of their operations, and the importance of their Manufactures, have appeared to deserve them. In thele Associations, formed by Persons whole situation entitles them to the honour of choosing the Members, the spirit as wrcll as the scienceof Commerce will revive. There its interests will be developed, inleparuble from the interests of the State. 1 he Merchant will there learn to place, in piefcrence to riches, the consideration which honours them, and before the enjoyments of a vain luxury, that wife economy which fixes the elieein of his Fellow-Citizens and the confidence of ft rangers.

Deputies, chosen from the different Chambers, will difeufs, in the presence of Government, the Interests of Commerce and Manufactures, and the Laws and Regulations which eircumttances may require.

In our Forces, by bea and Land, InstruXion and the love ot Disci-pline are fcdulouily inculcated. Responsibility becomes more rigid in our Military corps. An economical Administration has fuccceded ta the dilapidating fyltem of Contracts. The Soldier, better fed and better clothed, understands economy, and his savings, which lie throws into the common dock, attach liiin to his ltandard as well as to his Family.

Every branch of our Finances becomes more produXive. The collection of direct Contribution is Id's rigorous with regard to the Contributors. In the year fix it was reckoned that about Fifty Millions were in the hands of the Collectors of 'Faxes, and Payments were three or four years in arrear. At this moment the lum in the hands of the Collectors is not above Three Millions, and the Contributions are paid even before they are due.

All the Rules which have been made, and all the Plaps of Admini-fl rati bn which have been formed, give a produce dill increasing. The Rules applicable to the registering of commercial transaXions are productive to a degree, which attclis the rapid movements of Capital and the multiplicity of Business which is transaXed.

: In the midst of so many signs of prosperity, the excels of the direx Contributions is still made a ground of complaint.

The Government has learnt from every one versed in the principles of Taxation, that the Surcharge confided chiefly in the inequality of the mode in which the 'Faxes were imposed. Measures hove been taken, and are carrying into efl’ex, to ascertain the real inequalities which exist in the different Departments. In the course of the year 12, regular and fmmltaneous operations will have ascertained what is the relation which ought to exist betwixt the Contributions of the different Departments, and what in each Department is the jult rate of the Land Tax. The moment that a certain result has been fixed, the Government will give orders for those alterations which justice requires. Put in the course of this year, and without waiting for those reiuJts. it will propose an important diminution in the Land lax.

Innovations are still proposed in our Financial System: but every change is an evil, if it cannot be satisfaXorily demonstrated that certain advantage would result from it. The Government will seek from time and from difeufiions, weighed with all possible care, the maturity of these projeXs which inexperience often hazards; which they support by those part examples, the memory of which has been almost effaced from the public mind, and on the financial doXrines of a Nation which, by unnatural and exaggerated efforts, has broke tJ,renteh every measure of public contribution and expenditure.

-With an iiicrrease of Revenue, which no one ventured to calculate, extraordinary circumstances have led to wants which it was impossible to foresee.

Jt wasnccessary to reconquer two of onr Colonies, and to re-establish in all the Power and the Government of the Mother Country.

It was necessary, by means sudden and too extended to admit of rigid economy, to procure subststence for the Capital and several of the Departments. At least,^however, the success of the Government has been equal to its efforts, and after these vast exertions, relources remain henceforth to guarantee the Capital against the return ol want, and to disc'Oncert the projeXs of Monopoly.

In the methodized flntement of the Minister of Finance, will be {bond a general view of tho-aaWhal Contribution* and the different

branches of the public Revenue, what* was their amount during the last year, what prospex ot amelioration existed, whether from the mode of adminiiiralion, or the progress of public prosperity < what have been in the different Departments of the Ministry, the elements of Expenditure during the year io; what are the sums still remaining to be paid for that and former years; what llefourees exit! to cover them, whether anting from outftamling Arrears of Faxes, or from the extraordinary Funds appropriated to pay off the Debts cmvtraXed in thele years, and which have not yet been exhautled-; what is the actual Amount of the public Debt; what has been its increase, how it has been diminished by natural causes, and how its extinXion has been affeXed by the Sinking Fund.

In the account of the Minister of the public Treasury will be seen a Statement of the Receipts, the Payments of the year io; whac belongs to the different branches of the Revenue; what is chargeable in each year, and on each part of the Administration.

The united accounts of the two Mini Iters will form a complete Table ot our Financial situation. The Government hold up with equal lalistaXion the picture which it presents to its Friends and its Detractors, to Citizens and to Foreigners.

After authorizing the foreleen expence of the year 12, and appro-1 printing the necessary Revenue, objects of the greatest Interest will occupy the attention of the Legislative Body. It is necessaty to introduce a change into our fyltem of Coinage. The Custom-house Duties must be re-organized, so as more effectually to check the progress of contraband trade. It is at length elVential to give to France that Civil Code so long promised and so long expeXed.

Above all, projets of Law s have been formed under the observation of Government, and matured in conferences where Commissions from the Council of State and the Tribunate were animated only by the love of truth and regard for the public interest. The fame senti-meats, the fame principles will guide the deliberation of the Legifla-tors, and secure to the Republic the wisdom, and the impartiality of the Laws which arc adopted.

On the Continent, every thing offers us pledges of repose and tranquillity.

The Italian Republic, since the proceedings at Lyons, has been daily ffrengthening itself by the more intimate Union of the People of whom it is computed. The happy harmony among the Authorities by which it is governed, its internal Administration, its Military Force, already give it the character and the attitude of a State long estab-liflied; and if w ildom preserve them, they guarantee to it a detliny of uninterrupted prosperity.

Liguria, placed under a mixed Constitution, fees at its head, and in the bnfom of its authorities, all those of its Citizens, the moll ellimable for their virtues, by their illumination and their fortune.

New shocks have convulsed the Helvetic Republic. The Govern-inentowed its support to Neighbours, whole repose was essential to the repose of France, and it will use every exertion to ensure the success of its mediation, and with it the happinels of a People whose position, whose habits, and whose interests, make it the necessary Ally of France.

Batavia successively takes possession of the Colonies which the Peace restored to her.

She will ever remember that Fiance muff ever be her moll useful Friend or her moll destruXive Foe.

In Germany, the luff lripulutions of the Treaty of Luneville are carrying into effex.

Prussia, Bavaria, all the secular Princes who had possessions on the left Bank of the Rhine, will obtain on the right Bank iuitabie Indemnities.

The House of Austria finds in the Bishoprieks of Salzhurgh, Aifch-tett, Trent, and Brixen, and the greatest part of Pan, more than it had Jolt in Tufcanv. Thus, by the happy co-operation of France and lluflia, all permanent intcrefis are conciliated, and from the bofoin of that tempest which seemed ready to overwhelm it, the Germanic Empire, that Empire so necessary to the equilibrium and the repose of Europe, rises more powerful, composed of elements more homogeneous, better combined, and more adapted to the circumstances and opinions of the present age.

A French Ambassador is at Constantinople, charged with renewing and fortifying the ties which attach us to a power which seems to be threatened with destruXion, but which it is our interest to fuss a in, and to support the foundations by which it is upheld.

The British Forces are still in Alexandria and Malta. The Government had a lair right of complaint, but it has received intelligence that the Vessels which are to convey them to Europe are already in the Mediterranean.

The Government guarantees to the Nation the Peace of the Continent, and it is permitted to entertain a hope of the continuance of maritime Peace. This Peace is the want, as \vell as the desire of all

Nations. For its preleryation, the Government will do every thing

compatible with national honour, essentially connected with the strict execution of the Treaties.

But in England, two Parties maintain a conteff for power. One of those Parties has concluded Peace, and appears desirous ot nlain-

uiniflg

y-Cri.QQ

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1063

taining it. The other has taken an oath of eternal hatred to France. Hence.that fluctuation of opinion and of counsels which prevail.— Hence that attitude, at the same time pacific and menacing.

While this conteii of Parties continues, measures of precaution are what the Government is called upon to adopt. Five hundred thousand Men ought to be, and shall be ready to undertake its defence, and avenge its. injuries. Strange necessity, which miserable passions impose on two Nations, whom interest and inclination mutually prompt to the cultivation of Peace

Whatever success intrigues may experience in London, no other People will be involved in new combinations—the Government fays, with conscious pride, that England alone cannot maintain a struggle against France.

But we have better hopes, and we believe that in the British Cabinet, nothing will behftened to but thecounlels of Wisdom and the voice of llumarrily.

Yes, doubtless, the Peace will daily be more consolidated. The relation of the two Governments will afliime that character of goodwill which is suitable to their mutual interests. A happy repose will bury the recollection of the long calamities of a disastrous War, and I ranee and England, rendering their happiness reciprocal, will deserve the gratitude of the whole World.

The Fir/l Consul. (Signed) Bonaparte.

By Order of the Fir/l Consul,

The Secretary of State, H. B\ Maret,

No. 3.

(Transiation.)

Paris, 26 Brumaire, 10th year (17th November 1802).

I forward to you, Citizen, a series of Quefiions, concerning which I am desirous of having your Answers. You will have the goodness to place them opposite the Questions on the fame sheet of paper, doubled in two, similar to the one which I have the honour to send to you. I shall be obliged to you to fend me this Paper as soon as possible, without, however, suffering your too great haile to be prejudicial to your accuracy. If you are doubtful upon any point, you will have the goodnels to mention it. You will probably find no difficulty in consulting with some well-informed Merchants or Clerks in the Custom house, who you think may have it in their power to give you some positive information, and you will declare the sources from whence you have drawn that information. You will not consider this business as forming a part of your official correspondence. You mufl not number it, but you mufl content yourself with putting at the top of it, as in the Projet which I enclose to you, Private Correspondence.

(Signed) C/u Man. Talleyrand.

To Citizen Fauvelet, at Dublin.

No. 4.

(Transiation.)

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

Questions.

1. * What number of Vessels have entered and cleared oqt of the Ports within your District within each year, from 1792 to 1801 inclusive

2. What is their tonnage or their admeasurement in Sea tons of 2,000 4 P.?

3. Under what flag do they navigate?

4. From whence they come

5. Whither hound

6. With what Merchandize freighted

7. What was the Price of Freight to the principal Ports of Europe, each Sea ton of 2,000 4 P. S.

8. What French productions are moll in reque/l in the market of the Town where you reside, as well as of the other considerable Towns

your District?

9. What is the Merchandize which can be exported to France with greater advantage from the said Markets than from any other?

10. What are the Course of Exchange, and the current Prices of Merchandize from three months to three months from the year 1792 to 1801

11. You are required to furnish a Plan of the Porte of your District, with a specif cation of the Soundings for mooring Vessels.

12. If no Plan of the Ports can be procured, you are to point out with what wind VefjeU can come in and go. out, and what is the greatcjl draught of water with which Vejels can enter therein deeply laden f

13. What are the principal Commercial Houses

If the Heads of these Houses are Foreigners, you are to point out of what Country they are; and in all cases you are to /late with what Countries they are principally connected, and what is their chief'line of Commerce.

14. What is the ufuaj Course of Exchange

15. Whether there is a public Bank, and what is its organization

16. Whether there are any Insurance Companies, public or private, and what are their customs and rules, and the Prices of Insurance, for European and long Voyages

17. In case there exitls any other, public Establishment which relates to Commerce, you are to give every possible detail concerning it, especially i(i whatever regards Manufactures and Fisheries.

18. You are to point out the relative conformity of Weights and Measures with those of France, ancient and modem, as soon as you shall have obtained practical and exact information on those points.

19. You are to add to all this the moll extensive information, as well general as particular, which you may be able to obtain from authority, especially with regard to Cominerce, and particularly respecting lalfe accounts of purchases and sales of different Merchandizes, in order to ascertain the expences, rights, and local customs, in cases of purchase* and sales.

20. Whether there are any Fairs in your District; what species of traffic is carried on there, and to what amount.

No. 5.

From the Hamburgh Correspondenten of March 30, 1803. (Translation.)

The following Article is inserted by desire:

Paris, March 15. For some months a war of newspapers and of the press has beep kept up between France and England. This seemed merely the dying embers of an extinguished conflagration; the lafi confutation of a def-perate party; the food of some low passions and a few hungry ferib*4 biers. The French Government was far from attaching importance to such matters. Notwithstanding some difficulties in the complete execution of the Treaty of Amiens, they still believed they might rely on the good faith of the British Government, and directed their attention lolely to the re-establishment of the Colonies. Relying upon' the sacrednel's of Treaties, they securely dispersed the remains of the French Naval Force, which had been given a prey to the English Fleet. Tn this situation suddenly appeared a solemn Message from the Cabinet of St. James’s, and informed all Europe that France was making considerable preparations in the Ports of Holland and France; ail Address was voted by Parliament, promising to the King of England such extraordinary means of defence as the security of the British Empire and the honour of the three Crowns might require.

From the hidden appearance of this Message, people doubted whether it was the clfed of treachery, of lunacy, or of weakness. Let any one cast his eye over the Ports of France and Holland, where he will find only detached Naval Preparations destined for the Colonies, and confining only of one or two hue of Battle Ships and a few Frigates. On the other hand, let him look at the Ports of England, filled with a for-' midable Naval force; on such a review one could be tempted to believe that the Message of the King of England was mere irony, if such a farce were not unworthy the Majesty of a Government. If one considers the influence of factions in so free a Country, one might suppose that the King of England had only had the weakness to yield, if wreak-ness were compatible with the first quality of a King. In short, no rational motives remain to which it can be afc.ribed, except bad faith —except a sworn enmity to the French Nation1—except perfidy, and the desire of openly breaking a solemn Treaty, for the fake of advantages which will be maintained, and the sacrifice of which the honour of France and the Faith of Treaties forbid.

When a man reads this Message he thinks himself transported to the times of those Treaties which the Vandals made with the degenerate Romans, when Force usurped the place of Right, and when, with a hasty appeal to Arms, they insulted the Antagoni/l they meant to attack. In the present /late of civilization there is a respect which a great Monarch, which a polished People owe to themselves, were that respect no more than to seek a plausible pretext for an unjust War. But in this inllance every thing is precipitate, and repugnant to decency and to justice. An eternal War would succeed a dreadful contetl; and the more unju/l the attack, the more irreconcileable would be its animo/ity.

Such a novelty will doubtless excite the disapprobation of Europe. While even the English, whose national pride had not entirely blinded them, sighed at this prospect, did the Times call the Peace of Amiens an Armiltice, and in doing so, passed the feverell satire on the Government it defended; and the rapid fall of the National Funds is the first prelude to the misfortunes which may follow as the revenge due for the wound given to all social rights.

The French are less intimidated than irritated by the threats of England. They have neither been dispirited by their reverses, nor elated by their vidories; in a War to which there appeared no termination, they saw all Europe confederated against them. Their constancy, their courage, and the prompt activity of their Government, brought it to a conclusion. This War would have a different otyedl; France would contend for the liberty of the States of Europe* and the sacredness of their Treaties; and if the English Government be determined to make it a National War, perhaps her boasted

formidable

VJUUV LiL

Appcndii (No. 53.

l$* Maii

tmtamed.

1064

Appendix

A. 1803,

Appendix,

(No. S3 )

if Mali,

continued*

4

formidable Nftval strength would not be sufficient to decide the result, and to Tenure the victory.

The French, strong in the just ice of their cause, and in the confidence they repose in their Government, do not dread the new expences and new Sacrifices which such a War might render necessary. * Their system of Finance is more Simple and Iels artificial than that of London, and so much the more solid. It all lies in their foil and in their courage.

On the first news of the English Message, all eyes were turned to the Cabinet of the Thuilleries. As mod trifling motions received a character of importance, its mofl unpremeditated words were eagerly caught up. Every one impatiently expected the Assembly for the presentation of Foreigners, which Madame Bonaparte holds once a month. Every one was prepared to draw Some inferences from it. It was as Splendid as uSual. The First Consul made his appearance, and Said, on his entrance, to the English Ambassador, who was Standing beside M. Markoff, " We have been at War for twelve years. The King of England Says that France is making immense Naval preparations. He has been led into an error. In the French Ports there are no preparations of any magnitude. The whole Fleet is gone to St. Domingo and the Colonies. With regard to the Ports of Holland, to which the Message likewise alludes, there are only the preparations for the Expedition under General Victor, and all Europe knows its destination is for Louisiana. The King fays farther, that between the Cabinets of Paris and London differences continue. I know of norc. It is true that England ought to have evacuated Malta, and Malta is hot evacuated; and as His Britannic Majesty has bound h ini Self by the most solemn Treaty ever entered into, it is impossible to doubt of the speedy evacuation of that Island; and/' added the First Consul, " those who would attempt to frighten the French People should know, that it is possible to kill, but not to intimidate them." During the course of the evening, when the First Consul happened to be near M. Markoff, he said to him, half aloud, " that the British Miniihy wi/lied to keep Malta for five years more. Such a proposal was intuiting, and no Treaties should be entered into which it was not resolved to observe." At the conclusion of the Assembly, when the English Ambassador was about to retire, the First Consul said to him, 44 Madame the Duchess of Dorset has Spent the unpleasant part of the year at Paris. It is my sincere with that flic may also spend the agreeable season. But if it should happen that we really must go to War, the responsibility is exclusively with those who deny the validity of their own contrails, Since they refuse to observe Treaties which they had concluded/'

These words of the First Consul require no comment. They explain completely his present opinions, his pall conduct, and his resolution for the future. It is sufficient to compare them with the tergiverfa-tions, the duplicity, the evasions, and the Message, of the English Government, in order, to be enabled to decide on the justice of the dispute.

No. 6.

My Lord, Corfu, Dec. io, 1802.

The last Letters from my Agent at Zantc furnish me with the information, that the Cornelia French Frigate, having on board Horatio Sebuftiani, Chief of Brigade, and charged with a public Million on , the part of the First Consul of the French Republic, came to anchor there on the 3d instant. The Envoy, finding that a Vessel coming from Alexandria was subject to a long quarantine, and could not be permitted to communicate freely with the Ihore, applied to the Delegate of that Island for permission to land, which being granted him, he. was conduced to the Delegate's apartments. He then requelled that a meeting of the Three Orders might be called, which was also complied with, and twelve Persons, four of each Order, met in the Delegate’s house. The Envoy Sebastiani then harangued them nearly in the terms of the Address, which I have herewith the honour of inclosing to your Lordship. I lis Speech, however, contained some additional observations, importing, that Bonaparte had beat the first to break (he chains of the JJlandtn. Wien he had done Speaking, a tumultuous cry was uttered, of Viva la Liberia.f I iva I Uguaglianza

Before his departure, however, he caused to be forwarded to the Delegate of Cephalonia, and to the Senate of Corfu, copies of the inclosed Address, expressing a wish that it might be generally circulated among the People of each Island.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Right hon. Lord Hawkesbury, (Signed)

&CC. &c.

No,

My Lord, Corfu, January 2, 1803.

In my Letter of the 10th ultimo, your Lordship will perceive that I inserted the arrival of the Cornelia French Frigate at Zante, and that Horatio Sebastiani harangued the People of that Island. At that time I was not in possession of his exact Oration, but Since then the Delegate of Zante transmitted his Speech to the Senate of Corfu; a oopy of which I Leg leave to Submit to your Lordflnp's attention. Monsieur Roioieux, the French Minister here, communicated to the

Prince of the Senate, that the First Consul of the French Republic had taken under his protection the Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Churches of this Republic; and on the 19th December wrote to the Vicar General of Corfu to inform him of the fame; a copy of which permit me to inclose for your perusal.

From the proceedings of the French Commissary here, and those of the other Islands, together with the disposition of the Natives, I am afraid that this Republic will be a constant theatre of French intrigue. The aforesaid Commissaries occasion Count Mocenigo and this Government an infinite deal of trouble.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Spiridion Forejti.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. See. &c.

First Inclosure, referred to in No. 7.

(Translation.)

Horace Sebastiani, Chief of Brigade of a Regiment of Dragoons, And Envoy the First Consul in the Levant.

To his Excellency the Delegate of Zante.

Sir,

The First Cohful, Bonaparte, has charged me to visit these Iflaridt which compose your Republic, and to assure the Inhabitants that he takes a lively interest in their prosperity*

I know that the difference of political opinions divides this rising Republic into various parties, and that without the wife measures taken by your Government, its tranquillity will be destroyed. I could with you to make known to your Administrators and Fellow Citizen* how much the First Confnl withes to fee a Hop put to those intestine divisions which afflict these Islands.

Your political independency has been guaranteed by France, Ruflta, and the Sublime Porte. These powerful Nations, united together by the bonds of the truest friendthip, are occupied, in concert with year most enlightened and most virtuous Fellow Citizens, to give you a Form of Government Suitable to your Situation, and the genius of your Inhabitants. Wait with confidence and moderation the result of these im* portant operations, and be assured that you will fee the end of youc ills, and the beginning of your prosperity. All exaggerations of political opinions are inimical to the general prosperity: absolute Democracy, always tempestuous, Sacrifices to vain chimeras the Security, the property, civil liberty, and, in short, all that constitutes the happiness of a State: Aristocracy, which is not moderated, is always tyrannical, and the elevation of a Small number of families is preferred to talents and to virtue. In order that a Government may be praf* perous, it is necessary that it should have in its formation & happy combination of the advantages of different forms of Government; the power &nd promptitude of Monarchy, the vigilance and intelligence of Aristocracy, and the vigour and elevation of Democracy; that the Citizens may find the Security enjoyed Under the first, the tranquillity of the second, and the equality of rights fixed by the Laws which are found in the third.

Recoiled that the Man who forms a part of society only preservei the liberty of doing that which is not prejudicial to the rights of others; and that Equality only consists in the exact execution of the Laws, and in the protection which they afford to every Member of the political body. As the quarantine prevents communication, I beg you will communicate this my Letter to all the Authorities, and also to the principal Inhabitants.

I avail mrself of this opportunity to assure you of the Sentiments of esteem and consideration which I entertain for your person.

Second Inclosure, referred to in No. 7.

(Translation.)

Liberty. Equality.

Corfu, 29th Frimaire, nth year of the French Republic.

The Adjutant Commandant Romieux, Commissary General of Commercial Relations, and Charge d'Affaire* to the public of the Seven Islands, to the Vicar General of the Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Churches at Corfu.

Mr. Vicar General,

I hasten to inform you, with the greatest joy, that I have just 1% ceived the express orders of my Government to place the Churc of the Roman Religion in the Republic of the Seven Islands under ill Special protection. I make this communication to the Prince of th* Senate. This proof of the good-will of the French towards thu Church, will be a powerful motive, Mr. Vicar General, for addressingi through the Faithful in your Communion, the most ardeqt vows to Heaven for the prosperity of the French Republic, and the prclervt-tion of the lives of its Consuls, in the fame way as the RomsP Churches pru&ife in the French Republic.

With the most distinguished confident tion, Mr. Vicar General; have the honour to Salute you.

(A true copy.) (Signed) 4\ RomtfilU

Spiridion Forrfti.

Con

o

43 Geo. III

s>

3

K

: n

’,‘3

t*

A

■i'l"

>: 3

->1

c<; •/»

•iX

/»<

■ -3 v'

1

y

.it

,.;i

Appendix.

1Q65

DECLARATION.

tllS Majesty’s earned endeavours for the preservation of Peace having failed of luccefs, lie entertains the lulldt confidence that lie ibali receive the lame lupporl from His Parliament, and that the lame -seid and spirit will be manifested by His People, which he has experienced on every occasion when the honour of His Crown has hern attacked, or the ellential iruerelts of His Dominions have been endangered.

During the whole courfn of the Nogociations which led to the Preliminary and Definitive Treaties of Peace between His Majesty ami ihc Trench Republic, it was His Majest,’s liucere desire, not only to put an end to the hostilities which l’uolitied between the two Countries, but to adopt such mealiires, and to concur in Inch propositions, as might most ettcdually contribute to consolidate the general tranquillity of Europe. 1 he fame motives by which His Majesty was actuated during the Nogociations for Peace, have fmee invariably governed His conduct. As toon as the'Treaty of Amiens was con--cltuied, His Majesty's Courts were open to the People of France for every pm pole of legal redress; all sequestrations were taken off their property; all prohibitions on their trade v.inch had been imposed during the War were removed, and they wore placed, in every respect, on the fame footing, with regard to commerce and intercourlc, as the Inhabitants of any other State in amity with His Majesty, with which there existed no 'Treaty of Commerce.

To a fylievn of conduct tlms open, liberal, and friendly, th * proceedings of the l;renrh Government afford the most linking contialt. The prohibitions which had b'-en placed on the Commerce of His Majesty's Subjects during the W ar have been enforced with ineveated firichiefs and severity; violence has been offered in several instances to their Vfdiels and their property; and, in no case, has jrftice been afforded to those who may have been aggrieved in consequewe of such acts, nor has any satislavtory answer been given to the repeated re-presentdtions made l-v 11 is Majesty's MinilUrs or Amballiidor at Paris. Under such cireumltances, when His Majesty's Subjects were not liitlered to enjoy the common advantages of Peace within the Territories of the French Republic, and the Countries dependent upon it, the French Government had recourse to the extraordinary measure of lending over to tins Country a number of persons for the profclied purpose of redding in the most considerable Sea-port 'Towns of (treat Britain and Ireland, in the character of Commercial Agents or Confide. These Persons could have no pretentions to be acknowledged in that character, as the right of being so acknowledged, as well as all the privileges attach, d to such a fitnation, could only be derived from a Commercial 'Treaty; and as no Treaty of that delmption was in evidence between Ills Majesty and the French Republic.

There was consequently too much reason to suppose, that the real object of their midion was by no means of a Commercial nature, and this suspicion was confirmed, not only by the circumstanec that feme ol them were Military Men, hut by the actual discovery that several of them were funnlly d with instructions to obt ain the soundings of the Harbours, and to procure Military Surveys of the places where it was intended they should ref.de. His Majesty felt it to he His duty to prevent their departure to their respective places of defoliation, and * represented to the French Government the necessity of withdrawing them; and it cannot be denied that the circumstances under which they were lent, and the inln uctions which were given to them, ought to be considered as decisive indications of the dispositions and intentions of the Government by whom they were employed.

The conduct of the Flench Government with respect to the Commercial Intercourse between the two Countries, mull therefore be considered as ill suited to a ltate of Peace, and their proceedings in their more general political relations, as well as in those which immediately concern His Majesrv’s Dominions, appear to have been altogether incontinent with every principle of good faith, moderation, and justice. His Majesty had entertained hopes, in consequence of the repeated assurances and profeftinns of the Trench Government, that they might have been induced to adopt a fylicm of policy which, if it had not inspired other Powers with confidence, might at 'lealt have all tyed their jealoulies. If the French Government had really appeared to be actuated by a due attention to such a lyftein; if their dispositions had proved to he eftentially pacific, allowances would have been made lor the fitnation in which a new Government mu ft be placed after so dreadful and extenfiye a convuliion as that which has been produced by the French Resolution. But His Majesty has unfortunately had too much reason to observe and to lament that the iyftem of violence, aggreftion, and aggrandizement, which characterized the proceedings of the different Governments of Fiance during the War, has been continued with as little disguise since its termination. They have continued to keep a French Army in Holland against the w ill, and in defiance of the remonstrances of the Batavian Government, and in repugnance to the letter of three solemn Treaties. They have, in a period of peace, invaded the Territory, and violated the Independence of the Swiss Nation' in defiance of the Treaty of Limcvilir, which had stipulated the Independence of their Territory,

Vol, <8.

and the right of the Inhabitants to chuse theif own form of Govern* meat. They have annexed to the Dominions of France, Piedmont* Parma, and Placentia, and the Ifiuiid of Elba, without allotting any provision to the King of Sardinia, whom they have delpoiled of the most valuable part of his 'Territory, though they were bound, by u solemn engagement to the Emperor of Ruffin, to attend to his irt-terefts, and to provide for his establishment. It may indeed' with truth be asserted, that the period which has elapsed since the cohclu-fton of the Definitive Treaty, has been marked with one continued l’eries of aggreftion, violence, and insult on the part of the French Government.

In the month of Ckftober last, His Majesty w’as induced, in consequence of the earned; solicitation of the Swiss Nation, to make an effort, by a Representation to the French Government, to avert the evils which were then impending over that Country. This Representation was couched in the most temperate terms; and mvahireS were, taken by His Majesty for ascertaining, under the circumstances which then existed, the real fitnation and willies of the Swiss Cantons, as well as the lentiments of the other Cabinets of Europe. His Majesty learned, however, with the utmotl regret, that no disposition to counteract these repeated infractions of Treaties and atts of violence was manifested by any of the Powers most immediately intorested in preventing them; and His Majesty therefore felt, that, with respect to theft* objects, His single efforts could not be expected to produce any considerable advantage to those in whose favour they might he exerted.

It was about this time that the French Government first distinctly advanced the principle, that His Majesty had no right to complain of the con duel, or to interfere with the proceedings of F ranee, on any point which did not form a part of the stipulations of the Treaty of Amiens. That Treaty was unqucftinnably founded upon the fame principle as every other antecedent Treaty or Convention, on Jhe aiiiimption of the Hate of postellion, and of engagements subsisting at the time of its conclnlion; and if that fiate of poiteftion and ol engagements is materially affected by the voluntary act of any of the Parties, so as to prejudice the condition on which the other Party has entered into the contract, the change, so made, may be considered as operating virtually as a breach of the Treaty itself, and as giving the Party aggrieved a right to demand satisfaction or compensation for any lubllantial difference which Inch, aifts may have effected in their relative filiations; but whatever may be the principle nu which the Treaty is to be considered as founded, there is indilputably a General Law of Nations, which, though liable to be limited, explained, or restrained by Conventional Lax?, is antecedent to it, and is that Law' or rule of coiuhuft to which all Sovereigns and States have been accustomed to appeal, where Conventional Raw is admitted to have been tilent. '1 he 'Treaty of Amiens and every other Treaty, in providing for the obj<*cls to which it is particularly directed, does not therefore ailiime or imply an iudiiieivure to all other objects which are not specified in its liipulations, much Ids does it adjudge them to be of a nature to be left to the will and caprice of the violent and the powerful. The justice of the cause is alone a sufficieiit ground to warrant the interposition of any of the Powers of Europe in the differences which may a rife between other States, and the application and extent of that just interposition is to be determined solely by considerations of prudence. Thele principles can admit of no diljuite; but if the new and extraordinary pretension advanced by the French Government, to exclude His Majesty from any right to interfere with respect to the concerns of other Powers, unless they made a ipceific part of the stipulations of the Treaty of Amiens, was that which it was poliibl^ to maintain, those Powers would have a right, at least, to claim the benefit of this principle, in every case of difference between the two Countries. The indignation of all Europe must lurclv then be excited determined by the Declarations of the French Government, that in the event of holiilitics, these very Powers who were no parties to the Treaty of Amiens, and who were not allowed to derive any advantage from the remoiiftrances of l)is Majesty in their behalf, arc never-thelofs to be made the victims of a War which is allcdgod to arise out of the fame 'Treaty, and are to be Fieri fired in a contell which they not only have not occasioned, but which they have had no means whatever of preventing.

His Majesty judged it most expedient, under the circumstances which then affected Europe, to abfiain from a recurrence to hostilities on account of the views of ambition and acts of aggreftion manifested by France on the Continent; yet an experience of the character and dispositions of the French Government could not fail to impress Ilia Majesty with a sense of the necessity of increased vigilance in guarding the rights and dignity of His Crown, and in protecting the interests of His People.

Whilst His Majesty was actuated by these sentiments, He was called upon by the French Government to evacuate the Island of Malta. His Majesty had manifested, from the moment of the signa-ture of the Definitive Treaty, an anxious disposition to carry into full

Appern (No. 5 18° M

coniinut

1066

Appendix.

t'fi'eft the Simulations of the Treaty of*Amie»s relative to #that Island. An loon as he was informed that an election of a Grand Matter had taken place, under the aulpices of the Emperor of Ruffin, and that it had been agreed by the different Priories assembled at St. Petersburgh j acknowledge the Person whom the Court of Rome should feled out ol those who had been named determined by them to he Grand Matter of the Order of St. John, Uis Majesty proposed to the French Government, for the purpose of avoiding any difficulties which might arise in the execution of the arrangement, to acknowledge that election to be valid: and when, in the month ot August, the l’reuch Government applied to His Majesty to permit the Neapolitan Troops to be lent to the Maud of Malta, as a preliminary measurc for preventing any un-necessary delay, His Majesty contented without Invitation to this pro-polal, and gave directions for the admission of the Neapolitan d roops into the Island. His Majesty had thus shewn His dispositiou not only to throw no obltarle in the way of the execution of the Treaty, but on the contrary, to facilitate the execution of it determined by every means in His power. His Majoliy cannot, however, admit, that at any period fhice the conclusion of the Treaty of Amiens, the French Government have iiad a ri«;ht to call upon Him, in conformity to the fiipulations oi Unit Treaty, to withdraw His Forces from the Maud of Malta. At the time when this demand was made determined by the French Government, several of the most important stipulati >ns of the arrangement rejecting Malta remained unexecuted: the election of a Grand Maticr had not been carried into elsect. The tenth Article had stipulated that the independence of the Maud should he placed under the guarantee and protection of Great Britain, France, AuUria, Ruliia, Spain, and Pnffiia. The Emperor of Germany had acceded to the Guarantee, but only on condition of a like accession on the part of the other Bowers specified in the Article. The Emperor of Ruliia had refused his accession, except on the condition that the Maltese Langue Humid be abrogated; and the King of Prussia had given no answer whatever 'to the application which had been made to him to accede to the arrangement. Rut the fundamental pi incipie, upon the exigence of which depended the execution of the other parts of the Article, had been defeated by the changes which had taken place in the Confutation of the Order since the conclusion of the Treaty of Peace. It was to the Order of St.John of Jcrufalein that His Alajeliy was, by the tirft ftipulalion of tin* tenth Article, bound to rest ore the Island of Malta. The Order is defined to conlill of those Langues which weie in Exilic nee at the time of the conclusion of the Treaty: the three French Langues having been abolished, and a Maltese Langue added to the institution. The Order ronlilted, therefore, at that time, of the following Langues; viz. the Langues of Arragon, Castile, Germany, Bavaria, and Raffia. Since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, the Langues of Arragon and Cafrile have been separated from the Order by Spain, a part of the Italian Langue has been abolished determined by the annexation of Piedmont and Parma to France. '1 here is tirong i vjlbn to believe that it has been in contemplation to lequef-irate the property of the Bavarian Langue, and the intention has been avowed of keeping the Russian Langues within the Dominions of the F.mpernr.

Li.dt-r these circumstances the Order of St. John cannot now be c»>niid» red as that body to which, according to the stipulations of the Treaty, the Island was to he restored; and the funds indispensably necessary for its support, and for the maintenance of the independence of the Martd, have been nearly, if not wholly lequcitered. Even if this had arifon from circumstances which it was not in the power of any of tin* Contracting Parties to the Treaty to controul, His Ma-j.ffiv would nevertheless have had a right to defer the evacuation of the Island by His Forces, until inch time as an equivalent arrangement had been concluded for the preservation of the Independence of The Order and of the Island. But if these changes have taken place in cniilVipjfmco of any acts of the other Parties to the Treaty; if the French Government shall appear to have proceeded upon a lyftem of rendering the Order, whole Independence they had stipulated, incapable of maintaining that Independence, His Majesty s right to continue in the occupation of the Island. under such circumstances, will hardly be oontelied. It is iudilputable that the Revenues of the two Sp’unish Langues have been withdrawn from the Order by his Catholic Ma-jeiry°; a part of the Italian Langue has in fad been abolished by France, through the unjuil annexation of Piedmont and Parma, and Placentia, to the French Territory. The Elector of Bavaria has been Imiig tted by the French Government to fequoftntte the property of the Order within his Territories; and it is certain that they have not only functioned but encouraged the idea of the propriety of Separating the Ruth an Langues from the remainder of the Order.

As the conduct of the Governments of Fiance and Spain have, therefore, in Come i n Trances direr and in others indirectly, contri-huted to the changes which have taken place in the Order, add thus deft roved its means of supporting its inci'pcndence, it is to those Governments, and not to His Majesty, that the non-execution of the tenth Article of the Treaty of Amiens mull he aicribed.

Such would be the just conclusion if the tenth Article of that Treaty were considered as an arrangement by itself. It must be observed, fqwever, that this Article forms a part only of a Treaty of Peace,

pendix,

Jo- S3) r Mail,

or tinned.

A. 1803.

the whole of which is connected together, and the stipulations of which mull, upon a principle common to all Treaties, be conftnied

as having a reference to each other.

his Majesty was induced by the Treaty of Peace to confer* to abandon, and to redo re to the Order of St. John, the Island of, Malta, on condition of its*independence and neutrality. But a further condition which mult neceft arily be supposed to have had confide ruble influence with His Majesty ill inducing Him to make lo important a concession, was, the acquiescence of the French Government in an arrangement for the security of the Levant, by the eighth and ninth Articles in the Treaty, Uipulating the integrity of the Turkish Empire, and the independence of the Ionian Islands. His Majesty has, however, since learnt, that the French Government have enter-* tained views hoiule to both these objects; and that they have even fuggclted the idea of a partition of the Turkish Empire. These views mult now be manifest to all the world, from the official publication of the Report of Colonel Sebaiiiani; from the conduct of that Officer, and of the other French Agents in Egypt, Syria, and the Ionian Illunds, and from the disUntt admission of the First Cunful himself, ifi hi* communication with Lord Whitworth. Ills Majesty was, therefore, warranted in confluering it to be the determination of the French Government to violate those Articles of the Treaty of Peace, which liipulated for the integrity and independence of the Turkish Empirt, and of the Ionian lflauds, and consequently lie would not have been j ok lik'd in evacuating the Island of Malta, without receiving Home other security, which might equally provide for these important objects, llis Majesty accordingly feels that He has an incontcliible claim, in eonfeipience of the conduct of France since the Treaty of Peace, and with reference to the objects which made part of the ftipu-lations of that Treaty, to refille, under the present Circumstances, to relinquish the polk ilion of the Island of Malta.

Vet notwithstanding this right, so clear and so unquestionable, the alternative presented by the French Government to his Majesty, in language the moll peremptory and menacing, was the evacuation of Malta, or the nncwal of War.

If the views of ambition and aggrandizement, which have thus been nianifefted by the French Government since the conclusion of the Treaty of Peace, have in so very particular a manner attracted the attention of His Majesty, it has been equally impoflibie for Him not to feel, and not to notice, the repeated indignities which have been ollered by that Government to I iis Crown, uud to I Iis People.

'File Report of Colonel Sebaiiiani contains the moll unwarrantable insinuations and charges against his Majoliy's Government, against the Officer who commanded His Forces in Egypt, and against the British Army in that quarter. T his Paper cannot be considered as the publication of a private individual; it has been avowed, and indeed bears evidence upon the face of it, that it is the oflicial Report of an accredited Agent, puLlithed by the authority of the Government to which it was addreiitd, who thereby have given it their exp refs function.

This Report had been published a very short time, when fitaother indignity was orb red to this Country in the communication ot thr-First Cunful of France to the Legislative Body. In this communication he presumes to affirm, in the charterer of Chief Magistrate of that Country, i4 That Great Britain cannot finely contend against the power of France;’ an affiertion as unfounded as it is indecent, dll* proved by the events of many Wars, and by none more than by those of the War which has been recently concluded. Such an assertioiv advanced in the most solemn official ad of a Government, and thereby pieant to be avowed to all the Powers of Europe, can be coolidered id no other light than as a defiance publicly offered to His Majesty, and to a brave and powerful People, who are Loth willing lyid able to defend his just rights, and those of their Country, against every infulfc and aggression.

The coiulud of the First Consul to his Majestys Ambassador at hi* audience, in prelence of the Ministers of most of the Sovereigns and States of Europe, furnishes another instance of provocation on tb« part of the French Government, which it would be improper not to-notice on the prrfent occasion, and the subsequent explanation ot tbi* traniiuftion may be considered as having the effect of aggravating instead of palliating the affront.

At the very time when his Majesty was demanding ffit/sfaction and explanation on fume of the points above-mentioned, the french Minister at Hamburgh endeavoured to obtain the insertion in a Hamburgh paper of a most gross and opprobrious libel against IRs Majelh and, when difficulties were made respecting the insertion of it, he availed himself of his official character of J\l hi jsler of the french Re* 'pul)tic to require the publication oi’it, by order of his Government, w the Gazette of the Senate of that Town. With this requisition fa made, the Senate of Hamburgh were induced to comply; and thus has the independence of that Town been violated, and a f,ee made the instrument, by the menace of the French Government, 0 propagating throughout Europe, upon their authority, the most oflefi* five and unfounded calumnies against His Majesty and His Go\ern-ment. Uis Majesty might add to this lift of indignities, the requii-lion which the French Government havo repeatedly urged, that the

' D zed by

Gaa

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

1067

Laws and Constitution of His Country should be changed relative to the liberty of the Press. His Majesty might likgwife add the calls which the French Government have on several •ccafions made upon Him to violate the laws of hospitality with respect to Persons who had found an afvlum within His Dominions, and against whose con* dn£t no charge whatever has at any time been substantiated. It is impossible to reflect on tlitfc different proceedings, and the course which the French Government have thought proper to adopt respecting them, without the thorough conviction that they ar6 not the ettect of accident; but that they form a part of afyftem which has been adopted for the purpose of degrading, vilifying, and inful ting His Majesty and His Government.

Under all these infnlts and provocations, His Majesty, not without ft due lVnfe of His dignity, has proceeded with every degree of temper and moderation to obtain satisfaction and redrel’s, while He has neglected no means confident with His honour and the lafety of His Dominions, to induce the Government of France to concede to Him, what is, in His judgment, absolutely necessary for the future tranquillity of Europe. His efforts in this respect have proved abortive, and lie has therefore judged it necessary to order His AmbafTador to leave Paris. In having recourse to this proceeding, it has been His Ma-jfcfty* object to put an end to the fruitless diicuffions which have too long full lifted between the two Governments, and to close a Period of fulpcnie peculiarly injurious to the Subjects of His Majesty.

Appendix

But, though the provocations w’hich His Majesty has received might entitle Ilim to larger claims than those which He has advanced, yet anxious to prevent calamities which might thus be extended to every part of Europe, lie i« (till willing, as far as is confident with His own honour, and the interests of His People, to afford every facility to any just and honourable arrangement, by which such evils may be averted. He has, therefore, no difficulty in declaring to all Europe, that notwithstanding all the changes which have taken place ftnee the Treaty of Peace, notwithstanding the extenfton of the Power of France, in repugnance to that Treaty, and to the spirit of Peace itself. His Majesty will not avail IKmfelfof these circumstances to demand in compensation all that He is entitled to require, but will be ready to concur, even now, in an arrangement by which satisfaction shall be given to Him for the indignities which have been offered to His Crown and to His People, and substantial security afforded against further encroachments on the part of France.

His Majesty has thus distinctly and unreservedlv stated the reasons of those proceedings to which He has found IJimlcli' compelled to resort. He is actuated by no disposition to interfere in the internal concerns of any other State; by no projects of Conquclt and Aggrandizement; but folclv by a fenieof what is due to the Honour of His Crown, and the Interests of His People, and by ah anxious desire to ohftrmft the further progress of a Svftem, which, if not refilled, may prove fatal to every part of the civilized World.

(No. 53.] 18° Maii,

continued.

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Difcuffvons with France.

ZO* Mali.

LIST.

No. i* ExtraC: of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Ilawkcfbury; dated Paris, June 17th 1802.

5. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Ilawkelbury; dated Paris, June 23d 1802.

3. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Paris, July 5th 1802.

4. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkdbury; dated Paris, August 4th 1802.

55. Copy of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkefhury; dated Paris, September 20th 1802.

6. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkelbuiy; dated Paris, October 18th 1802.

7. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Ilawkcfbury to Mr. Merry; dated May 20th 1802.

8. Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; dated Paris, May 24th 1802.

9. Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Tallcvrand; dated Paris, June 15th 1802. to. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry; dated Paris, June 18th 1802.

11. Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry; dated Paris, July lit 1S02.

12. Copy of a Note from M. do Talleyrand to Mr. Merry; dated Paris July 31ft 1802.

13. Statement of the Cafe respecting the Fame Packet; July 31ft 1802.

14. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; dated Paris, September 20U1 1802

15. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; dated Paris, October 14th 1802.

16. Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. de Talleyrand; dated October 2-id 1802.

17. Copy of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkefhury; dated Paris, October 25th 1802.

18. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkefhury; dated Paris, May 10th 1803.

19. Copy of an Iiifrnuction from Lord Hobart to Lieut. General Dinahs; dated October 17th 1802. fio. Copy ot Instructions fmnj Lofd Hobart to Lieut. General Dundas; dated November 10th 1802. 21- Copy of a Letter from Mr. It. King to Lord Ilawkelbury; dated May 15th 1803.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Ilawkelbury to Mr. King; dated May 19th 1803.

1

No. l.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Hawkefhury; dated Paris, June 17th 1802.

In your Lordship s Dispatch, No. 3. of this year, to Mr. Jackson, you gave Instructions to that Minister to endeavour to procure the release of the British Sloop Fame, which had been lei zed by the Revenue Officers at Cherbourg, in eonfeqtience of her having entered that Port by ft refs of weather. The Master of that Vessel, and a person deputed by the Proprietors at Jersey, arrived lately at Paris for the purpose of defending the Suit which has been carrying on to procure her liberation.

I had, in consequence of their application to me, reminded the French Minister verbally of this business on two or three occasions: But those remonstrances having produced no effect, and sentence being about to be pronounced on the last appeal in the cause, I sent him a representation in writing, of which your Lordship will find a copy inclosed and in which I conftdcred that it might be serviceable to insert fume observations upon the Law of the French Republic, which gave occasion to the feiz.ure, upon the manner of its execution, and upon the propriety of its being repealed and modified, now that the two Countries were happily at peace.

No. 2.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Ibrd Hawke/bury; dated Paris, June 23d 1802.

I have the honour to transmit to your Lordship inclosed, copy of an Answer, which I received two days fmee from the Freuch Minister, to the Note which I delivered to him on the 25th May; communicating to him that H is Majesty had, in conformity to the 14th Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, taken off the sequestrations upon the property of French Citizens in his Dominions, and expressing that He

did not doubt that the French Government would be equalfy ready to render the fame justice to such of His Majesty* Subjects a* have pro* pei ty in France.

No. 3*

Extra<ft of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Ilawkefcury;

dated Paris, July 5th 1802.

I transmit inclosed Copy of an Answer which the French Minister has given to the representation which I lately delivered to him, re-speding the seizure of the British Sloop Fame Packet, Cherbourg.

• No. 4.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord plawkelWy; dated Paris, August 4th 1802.

I am sorry to have learnt by an Answer, which I have received from M. Talleyrand, and of which I transmit a Copy inclosed, that the Representation which I made to that Minister (inclosed in my No. 31) on the subject of the seizure at Cherbourg of the British Sloop Fame Packet, has failed in its effect, either of procuring the release of that Vessel, or of drawing forth some favourable explanation in regard to the Law which gave occasion to hei: detention.

No. 5.

Copy of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Ilawkelbury5 dated Paris, Sept. 20, 1802.

My Lord, Paris, Sept. 20th, 1802.

I received, the evening before la$, by the ordinary poll, the honour of your Lordship's separate Letter of the t3th of this month, trunf-

UjOOQre nutting

1068

Appendix;

■A. 1803.

ppendix,

No- 53-)

10* Maii,

continued.

witting to me Copy of one from Messrs. Iioutliam and Moir, on the subject of the seizure, in a French Port, of the British Brig Jennies, William Muckle, JMaster; and directing me to take the neediury Heps for obtaining tedress for the Owners of the Vessel ^nd Cargo.

I have loft no time in representing this case to the French Government, as your Lordship will fee by the Copy which I have the honour to transmit, inclosed, of a Letter which I have addressed on the fub-ject to M. Talleyrand; but I am sorry to observe, that there can be little hopes of any redrrfs being obtained in this in fiance, since none has been produced by the repeated remonstrances which were made in the ltill stronger case of the Vessel (the Fame Packet) belonging to Jersey, which was only forced into a French Port by fttreis of weather; whereas the Ship now in question came deiignedly to the Port of Charente with prohibited Goods aboard, contrary to the Law of the Republic (which unfortunately Hill continues in force) coniilcating every Vessel and Cargo where British Manufactures shall be found.

Your Lordship will perceive, that I have availed niyself of this opportunity to recal to the French Mini Iter the Observations which I made to him, on a former occasion, upon the effects, so prejudicial to the British Trade, and to a friendly intercourse between the two Countries, which must nccelfarily arise from the rigorous execution of the Law in question,

I have the honour to he,&c.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury, Ant. Mary.

Sec. See. Sec.

No. 6.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Merry to Lord Ilawkc/bury; dated Paris, October 18th 1802.

I inelofeCopy of an Answer, which I have received from the French Minister, to the Representation which I made to him on the 27th of hill month, on the subject of the rapture of the British Ship P.irclier, by the French Privateer the Bellona; in which he hates, that the rjecrliiiry orders will be given forjuliice to be done to the Proprietors of that Ship.

I at the same time forward herewith a list of Passports which I have granted to persons going to llis Majesty's Dominions, between the 2d and 15th of October.

, No. 7.

Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Ilawkelbury to Mr. Merry;

May 20th, 1802.

Downing-street, May 20th 1802.

Sir,

Various reports having been received in this Country, of ftrid prohibitions being inforced with respect to the admission of British Commodities and Manufactures into France, and of very rigorous restrictions being imposed on British Vessels entering the Ports of that Country; I have to signify to you llis Majesty’s pleasure, that you transmit to me, without delay, the most detailed and accurate statement which you can procure on those points; and that you take an early opportunity to impress upon the Trench Miniftc.rs the necellily oflome understanding being established between llis Majesty's Govern-me ill and that of France, on the subject of the Commercial Inter-colirfe between the two Countries.

"As it is probable that you may be uncertain as to the course that you should pinlue in fupjiorting claims, which Subjedsof llis Majesty may bring forward for the refutation of property which they potldled in France previously to the War; I have to signify to you the King's pleasure that you acquaint the French Ministers, that llis Majesty has in conformity to the 14th Article of the Definitive Treaty of Fcace, taken off the sequestrations upon the property ol French Citi-fcens in llis Dominions; and that therefore His Majesty's Government doubt not that the French Government will be equally, ready to render the f^me justice to such of His Majesty's Subjects as have property in France.

I am, Sec.

Anthony Merry, Esq. Eavktjburij.

Sec. See. Sec.

No. 8.

Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; Faris, 24 May 1802.—111 Mr. Merry's, No. 18.

NOTE.

Le Soufignv Minilire Plenipotcntiairc de Sa Majeste Britannique at reyu les ordrrs du Roi de communiquer au Citoyen Talleyrand, Ministrc des Relations Extcrieures de la Republicpie Franpoile que rontbrinement a TArticle 14 du Traite Delinitif de Paix, Sa Majesie a salt lever les sequestres qui avoient ete mis pendant la Guerre iur les Proprietes de toute efpece appartenantes aux Citoyens Franpois dans fes Etats.

Sa Majesie ne doute done pas que le Gouvernement de la Repub-Jique Franpoife ne soit egalement prompt k rendre la m£me Justice irux Sujets dc Sa Majeste qui oat des Proprietes en France.

Il eft necessairc quo 1c SonfignG ait 1'bnnneur d’observer da&s cette occasion au Citoyen Ministrc que pluiieurs Sujols du Roi ont ole mi* fur. la liste des Emigtfc.s Franpois, li cette ciicouftancepeut lervir d;ob-ftacle a cc que ces individus rentrent de finite dans Jours Proprietes, le Souligue ofe ft* Hatter que le Gouveruemcut Franpois emu del principes de Justice qui le gouvernent, pourra juger apropos d’adopter une incline general e qui levoroit fur le champ cate difficult^.

• Le Soulignc a Yhoiineur, Sec.

■ v Authj Merr if.

Paris, 24 May 1802.

■' ■' i

Au Citoyen Talleyrand, t -•

No. 9.

Copy of a Note from' Mr.’Merry* to M.’Talleyrand;

June 15th 1802.

Paris, le 15 Jain 1802*

Citoyen Ministre,'

Mon Predecefleur Monsieur Jackson, a en l'honnonr de vous a droller une Representation au mois de Janvier dernier, par ordre da Gcu- ‘ vernement Britannique, au $nj(*t de la detention au Portde Cherbourg du Batiment Anglois nomine " Faiiie Packet/’ Capitaine dc Gruehy; ct moi, Citoyen Minittre, j’ai eu atilli Phonneur de vous rappeller de bouche cet ohjet, vous informant en me me terns que le Tribunal de CalTation alloit prononcer la delVus, attendu que le Gouvernement Franpois n ayant pas interposolon autorite pour relacher le Batiment, le Capitaine s’cft vu dans la necelllte de pourvoir a la defense par la voie ordinaire de la Justice.

I/apperpu, Citoyen Ministre, que, j’ai l’lionncur dc vous transmeltre ci joint ct que m’u remi* le Capitaine de Gruehy lui meme qui fe trouve depuis quelques Jours k Paris, expose les circonltances princi-pales de cette affaire dans son etat act m l. 11 en refill te que lo ment en question, force par le mauvais terns de chercher un abris dans la Rape de Cherbourg, v a ete detenu et ensuite contifijue par une premiere I’entence, par l’effet d’une 1.01, pafiee en terns de Gucrreet au moment de fa plus grande rigueur, qui declare contifeable tout Navire au deftbus de cent tonneaux qui s’approcheroit des cotes de France a la ditiancede quatre lieues a\ec d-.'S Marchandilcs prohibees a son bord. Prohibition daus laquelle eloient et font encore com-prises tonus les Murdiand ifes Angloilbs.

Qu’il me soit permis d’observcr dans ce lieu que, vu la proximite des cutes d’Angleterre a celle de la France, ct la neceliite oil les Bali-mens Anglois doivent le trouver contumellement d’approchcr cc celles-ci, la Loi iufdite, ft elle doit subsister ct etie execute, aura im-manquablement Teiiet de produire des coiiteftatione juurnalieres entre les deux Gouvernements.

Pource qui eft du cas dont il s'agit maintenant,j*ai appiis Citoyen Ministre par les procedures qui ont on lieu qu’il apjvartient a !u Dor.ane de decider ft la ivlaclir. d’un Pjatiment fur Its dies tie France u etc forcee ou non, et quelle, u ii son profit la moitic des Sallies qui fe Id roient d’ou il refuite, quo la Douane dans des cas parts is eft c:i ineinft terns juge et partie.

Tout paroit prouver que hi relache du Fame Packet dans la IT id* de Cherbourg a ete lorcee; mais d’aprvs les circonltances dt la loi. et de la maniere de son execution, que je vit-ns d’avoir i’hriaieur dc mjus exposer, il ne pout relter aux proprietaiies tin Rati ment et de laCar-gaifon aurunc elperance de les sauver dans le dernier appel qu'ils viennent de faire au Tribunal de CatVation, qui va prononcer iricel-famment fa sentence, a moins que le Gouvernement TTaiirpus nejuge apropos d’intrrpofer Ion autoiite et d’appdler a lui ineme la cun-noiftance de cette affaire.

Les fentimens de Justice qui guident le Premier Consul. ainii que leu Ministres de la Rcpublique Francoife, doivent m’inspirer une pleine cofiliance d’obtenir de lour part Tiittcntit.11 que J’ole intcrpdler dan* cetteo cealion.—Leur fagelle et leur bienveillance lour dietcront jufq’oil il pourra coiivenir de revoqner, ou de modifier, en terns de Paix, une loi emanee d’un etat de Guerre, et qui doit lieceffairement causer desc inconveniences les plus grands au Commerce Anglois.

J’ai riioiineur, See.

Au Citoyen Tallevnind, Ministre des (Signe) A. Merry.

Relations Extenoures de la lte|)ciu-‘

Franyoi fe.

No. 10.

Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry; dated, 18 June 1802.—In Mr. Merry's, N° 34.

1 Paris, le 20 Prairial, andix.

Monsieur,

J'ai re9u la Note que vous m'avez salt riionncur de m’addrtffer , concernant la levee des fequefircs appoM*s fur les

le

5 Fralrial, an io 25 Mai, 1S02

proprietes des Sujets de 8a Majestc Brit^ et 1’application qui a t*U laite a plufteurs d'entre eux de la Legislatiou far 1 Emigration.

Je me fuis iinprefse d’en domier communication au Ministre des Finances l'invitant k appeler l’uttcntion du Gouvernement fur lobje

dc

Go

43 Geo. III. Appendix*

1069

ces Navires font au deflbus de cent tonneaux, et qu’il Dur eft impossible de ne pas palVer dans le Rayon de quatre lieues, le r&t d’Auvigny, fe trouvant dans ce Rayon, ce qui ex pole 4 des grands inconvemens la Garnilbn et les habitans des Ides, qui font approviliones par ccs Navires.

La Douane de Cherbourg ell tellement convaincue elle m&mc que le Navire etoit del tine pour Jersey qu’elle vient de renvoyer it notre Gouverneur Monsieur le General Gordon, un Paquet & son addreiTe qui fe trouvoit dans ce Navire.

31 Juillet 180*2.

.Appeir (N°. t 20* M

continue

de votre demande. J’aurai Thonneur de vous informer de la decision qui aura etc prise a ce Sujet auiTitot quelle me feraconnue.

Recevez, Monsieur, Tafiurance de ma parfaite consideration.

(Signe) CL Mail. Talleyrand.

A' Monsieur Merry, Minilire Plenipotentiare de Sa Majetle Britannique.

No. 11.

M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry; Paris, July 1, i8o«.

(Copy.) Paris, le 12 Mellidor, an dix.

Monsieur,

J’ai Thonneur de vous informer que je viens de reiterer au Minifire des Finances Tinvitation que je lui avois dejh faite en Pluviofe dernier cTapres la recommendation de Monsr Jackson, de fe faire rendre eompte de la conlifcution du Batiment -Anglois Fame Packet, dans la Rade de Cherbourg, et de prendre les ordres du Premier Consul rela-tivement a Fapplication existante de la Loi du 4 Germinal, an deux.

Je Tai prie de me faire connoitre la decilion prise-auilitot qu’elle m’aura etc envoyee, je men preiferai de vous en faire part.

Agreez, Monsieur, Tallin ance de ina haute consideration.

(Signe) Ch. Mau. Talleyrand.

2k M. Merry,

Ministre Plcnipore de S. M. Britannique,

&c. tike. &c.

No. 1*2.

Copy of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Merry, Paris, 13 Thermidor, an. 10. (31 July 1802.)—In Mr. Merry's, No. 49.

Paris, ce 12 Thermidor, 10.

Monsieur,

J’ai Thonneur de vous prevenir que le Ministre des Finances, en reponfe k la Lettre par la quelle je lui ai donne communication de votre derni&re Note concernant Taffaire du Fame Packet, Capitaine Gruchy, vient de me mander qiTil a salt son rapport au Premier Consul fur la lafie de ce Batiment dont ii paroit reconmt que la Cavgailbn etoit composee de Marchandises prohibees, et que d’apr^s son Etat a<ftuel le Premier Couful a decide qu’il fallait laisser le Cours a la Justice.

Recevez, Monsieur, Taffurance de ma haute consideration.

(Signe) Ch. Mau. Talleyrand.

k Monsieur Merry,

&c. See. See.

No. 13.

STATEMENT of the Cafe of the FAME PACKET.

31 July 1802.

Apperyu iidele de TAffaire du Capitaine de Geuchy de Jersey centre la Regie des Douanes do Cherbourg.

Le 19 Decrmbre dernier le Capitaine de Geuchy commandant le Batiment Fame Packet, met 4 la voile chi Portde Southampton en Anglctorrc, pour fe rendre a Jersey avec un ehargenicnt confidant en Farine, orge grille pour les Troupes de la Garuifon, et en ciiverles autres Marchandises pour les habitans de Tllle. II avoit pris k lbn bold *25 Passagers, qui e to Lent des femmes des Enlans, des Negocians, et des Ofliciers ven art joindre leur Regiment entre autres un Lieutenant de la Marine Roy ale. En quitt.uit le Port de Southampton, il eft oblige de donner un acquit a caution coniine fa Cargaifon doit etre dechargee dans un Port Anglois. Dans les premieres moments fa Navigation ell heureuse, mais le 20 Decembre le vent paise tout a coup au S. S. W. grand frais, il fouftle avec une force effrayante et des le soir me me il eft battu par la plus violente tempetc. Craignant alors de puller encore une unit fur la mer, il fe decide it entrer dans le Port le plus voilin. Comine il fe trouve dans une situation a gagner le Port de Cherbourg il faite route pour cet endroit pcnfantque les preli-minaires entre TAngleterre etla France lui permettoient d’y entrer en toute furete, d’autant plus que plulieurs de fes Passagers etoient fort Malades il ne pouvoit leur doiiner aucun secours. 11 arrive fur la Rade de Cherbourg le soir du 20 Decembre, etantii i’aucre, le Capitaine va a terre pour faire son rapport & la Douane; il ny ell pas admis, fous pretexte qu’il 11a pas un Courtier, il en trouve un, et fe rend de nouveau a la Douane, on refuse fa declaration parce que dit-on la loi du 4 Germinal, an. 2, defend k tous Navires du delTous de cent tonneaux d’upprocher des cotes de France a la distance de quatre lieues avec des marchandises Angloilbs.

Le Capitaine ell done cite par la Regie de Cherbourg devant le Tribunal de Valogne, et les Juges prononcant contre lui suivant toute la rigeur d’une loi portee dans des terns de Guerre et de calamite. Le Capitaine appelle de ce jugement au Tribunal de Coutances qui le con-damne encore, mais informe la disposition du Tribunal de premiere instance qui Tavoit condamne k fix mois d’imprisonnement, Taflaire eft acluelkmentdevant le Tribunal deCafiation etva etre jugee fans delai.

La Loi citee entraincles plus funestes consequences pour les Navires qui font le Commerce d’Angle terre, aux Isles de Jersey puisque tous

Vol. 58.

No. 14.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; Paris, 20th September 1802.—In Mr. Merry’s separate of 20th September 1802.

Paris, le 20 Scptombre 1802.

Citgven Ministre,

Celt avec peine que je me trouve de nouveau dans le cas d’avoir a reclumer contre les Erfets de la Loi de la Republique Franyoife qui declare conlifcable tout Batiment qui entre dans un Port de France avec des Marchandises prohibees—(Prohibition qui s’etend encore k toutes eelles qui font de Manufacture Angloife)—quoiqu’ elles soient destinees pour un autre Port.

Le Brig Anglois nomine Jennies, Capitaine Guillaume Muckle, fut frette en Angleterve pour porter du Charbon de terre au Port deClva-rente en France, ainsi qu’une petite quantile de Marchandises Angloifes au Port de Cadiz en Eipague d’oil il devoit rapporter un chargement de vin.

Arrivee k Rochefort le Capitaine fit fa declaration k la Douane de tout ce quil avoit a son bord, tout pour le Port de Charente que pour celui de Cadiz, et il a offert de depot it dans la Douane, jufqu’4 son depart, les Marchandises qui etoient destinbes pour l’Efpagne, en cas que cette precaution fut jugee necelfaire.

Mais malgrc ce procede franc et candide de fa part, qui prouve evidenmient qu’il n’avoit aucun dessein de faire ia contrabande, et qua les Lfets prohibes etoient rcellenient destines pour un Pays etranger, les Ofliciers dc la Douane ce font refuses a admettre la declaration et out lain le Batiment en vertu de la Loi fulmentioiinee.

Les armateiiis et les proprietaires du chargement s’en etant plaint au Gouvernement Anglois, je viens, Citoyen Ministre de recevoir les Ordres de nuiCour, de vous representer cette Allaire, ainli que d’avoir Thonneur de soliciter aupr^s de your* le prompt elargiiienient du Bati-ment et de la Caigaifon, auquel Ton el'pere que les ienliuiens de justice et d’equile qm giudciit le Gouvernement Franyois pourront la decider a fe pivier vii que Tinnoeence du Capitaine eft prouvee par la circon-stance de l’ortre qu’il a salt de depofer les Marcliandiles prohibees, 4 la Douane juiqu’aii moment de son depart.

Au refteje prendrai la liberte Citoyen Ministre, de vous rappeller dans cette occasion les observations que j’ai dejk eu Thonneur de vous exposer dans une autre fur les diets prejudiciubles qui doivent necessairement refill ter au Commerce Anglois, ainli qu’it la communication amicale entre les deux Pais, de la continuation en terns de Paix d’una Loi qui a amaueed’un etat de Guerre, et encore dans un moment de fa plus grande fureur.

J’ai Thonneur, Citoyen Ministre, de vous renouvcller les aft’urance* de ma haute contidoration. -

(Signe) A. Menu.

Au Citoyen Talleyrand,

Sec. Sec. Slc.

No. 15.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; dated 14th October 1802.—In Mr. Merry's, No. 80.

Paris, le 14 Octobre 1802.

Citoyen Ministre,

Le Batiment Anglois nomine Nancy, Capitaine Allen Richardson, eft parti des Ports d’Angleterrc pour Rotterdam en Hollande, avec une Cargailbn composee de differentes Marchandises etrang^res qui avoient etc prises fur des Batimens ennemis pendant la Guerre et vendues en Angicterre fous caution que les Acheteurs ont doune de les exporter.

Ce Batiment fe trouvant dfJN fur la cote de Ilollande y a effuye un gros terns qui eft furvenu des a\ aries, et entre autres ceile de la perte de son beaupre, ce qui lui a oblige de fe refugier au Port de Fleftingue. —11 y eft entre. vers le milieu du mois Juillet de cette annee, quand un detachment des Troupes Franyoifes, commands par des Officiers, s’elt rendu abord et s’eft empare du Vaiil’eau et de la Cavgaifon, fans que le Capitaine ait pu savoir la cause de cette Saifte. Le Vaiiieau y eft detenu encore.

Les circonitances de cet evenement, ft elles font ch ellet telles que le Capitaine et les proprietaires les ont representees au Gouvernement Britannique, semblent lui donner une qualite hostile de la part des Officiers Franyois qui paroitient avoir voiilu faire prise du Batiment au lieu de lui accorder Table, Thofpitalite et le secours, auxquels il pouvoit s’attendre dans le Port d’une puissance maintenant en Paix avec TA ngleterr*.

ioro

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Dans le cas aducl il ne s’agit pas de Marchandises Angloifes (fi le Capitaine auroit tente de les introduce par contrebande—ce dbnc il tia pas meme ete acculc)—puiique toutes ceFes qui fi trouvent abord du Nancy iont d’autres pais, qui n’auroient pas pu $tre importees en Angleterre que comine prises fur l’ennemi, et quoiqu elles eufient etc du cru, ou des Manufactures d'Angletterre Tarrivee forcee du Bati-ment fembleroit les exempter de Implication de cette Loi de la Re-publique Franyoife qui coridame encore toute production du Sol, ou de 1 induttrie de la Grande Bretagne.

Cell d’apr&s les ordres de rnaCour, Citoyen Ministre, que j'ai l'hon-neur de vous represen ter cette affaire, ct de reclamer auprfes de vous non feulement lc prompt elargitlementdufufdit Batiment, avec faCargaifon, nmis qu’il foil salt justice aux. Proprictaires pour les pertes qu'ils ont clVuyees par la detention de leurs effets. Le Gouvernement Anglois ne doute aucunement que les fentimens d’equite qui guident celui de la Republique ne le diipofent k acceuiller favorablement ces demandes, pourvu qu'il n'y ait aucun crime conftute contre leCapitaine.

Je failis avec empreflement, CitoVea Ministre, cette occasion pour avoir I'honneur de vous renouveller les alliirances de mas haute con-fid-ration,

(Signe) A. Merry.

Au Citoyen Talleyrand, dec.’ &c.

No. 16.

Copy of a Note from Mr. Merry to M. Talleyrand; dated Paris; 2-id Och 1802.—In Mr. Merry's separate Dispatch, October 25 th 1802.

Paris, le 22 O&obre 1802.

Citoyen Ministre,

Il vienl de le presenter nrt nouveau cas ou un Batiment Anglois a funie d'une manure lien frappante les effets de la Loi de la Itcpublique Iranfodc qui continue tout Navire abord duquel Ton trouveroit la moindre chole qui fut de labrique Angloiic.

Is Brig George, commando par le Sieur Jean Newham, eft entre clans le Port de Charenie au commencement d’Aout de cette annee pour prendre un ebargement clean de vie, destine pour Londres, ifay ant abord autre chole que son l’oft, et les provii.ons necellhires pour le voyage. Les Douanniers n’ont done pas jiu trouver autre chole de quo] le failir que des nftenJiles de la ciiambre du Capitaine (qu’il ne croyoit pas devoir declarer) tels que des afliettes de taience, quelques verres et quelques couleaux et fourchettes d’auir, dont la quantile de cliaque elpcce pour ne pas en fa ire le detail, peut tres fa-cilement fe mefurer par le prix de 4 livres lterlings, ou 90 livres de France, que le tout ensemble avoit coufb au Capitaine, y compris deux lampes qui cclairoicnt fa chambre.

Voila, Citoyen Ministre, ce qui a fufli pour que ce Sujet du Rm ait fubi toutes lesrigueurs de la Loi du 10 Brumaire, an cing, de la Repub-lique, qui porte confiscation du Batiment ainli que d’autres peines. Et voici un cas ou l’Angleterre auroit pris tout un changement des productions de la France, tandis que cette puiilance ne permet pas a tin Capitaine Anglois qui vient chercher ces productions de fe lervir abord de son vailVeau des uftenliles de son propre pays. Lailloit-il done, que pour pouvoir entrer dans un Port de France il lit veniv da van re dc ce pays des afliettes, des verres, des couleaux ct des lourchettes ? ou ci cela feroit impolhble voudroit on Lobliger a manger fur les planches de son vaiaeau et avec fes doigts? Ceci paroit incroyable. Il eftyourtant veritie par le salt.

Puisque, Citoyen Ministre, les representatinns quo j’ai deja eu l’hon-neur do vous adreUer fur des cas a peu pres semblables n’ont aucun eftc-t, jc ne pourrois pas m'atlemlre 8 une meilleure reufiite dans une demande que je ferois dans le cas actuel: mais vous fentirez, Citoyen Ministre, combien il eft de mon devoir de vous le faire connoitre.

J'ai I’honneur, &c.

A. Merry.

Citoyen Talleyrand,

Ministre des Relations Extcrieures.

No. 17.

Copy of a Bifputch from M. Merry to Lord Ilawketbury; dated Paris, October -Jjth i Soi.

(Separate)

Paris, Od. 25th 1802.

Mv Lord,

John Newham, the Mailer of the British Brig George, delivered to me a Report lait week of that Yell'd, which had been freighted to come to Charentein ballast, to convey from thence acargoof Brandy for England, having been seized at that Port by the French Custom House Officers, because the different Articles which they found in the Mailer’s Cabin for the uic of his table, such as plates, knives, forks, end glaiVes, (the coll of which when new, he declared to have been altogether £.4.) were of British Manufacture, and because he had not made a declaration of them at the Custom Ilouie. lie acquainted /tie moreover, that his Vessel had been condemned, in consequence of

that seizure, by two sentencesof the French Tribunals in the Department where Charente is situated.

I thought it my duty, my Lord, to lose no time in Hating so violent a proceeding to the French Minister: and I delivered to him accordingly, the day bciore yesterday, the representation, of which the in-doled is a copy, taking that opportunity to remind M. Talleyrand of the former remonllra.noes which I had delivered to him ousubjedsof a similar nature, and renewing verbally on this occasion, the Observations which I had then had the honour of expressing to him in writing, upon the continued rigorous execution, in time of Peace, of the French Law which had taken place at a moment of the greatest heat of the late War. The Minister confined his answer to me, to an assurance, that he would cause an enquiry to be made immediately into the case, which I had now laid before him.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Anthony Merry.

The Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c'. &c.

No. 18.

Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawke/buiyj dated Paris, 10th May 1803.

(Separate.)

My Lord, Paris, May 10th 1803.

With regard to the numerous Memorials and Representations which I have had to make to this Government, in behalf of those of His Majesty’s Subjects, who have suffered by the detention and con-fifeation of their Vessels and Property in the Ports of France, I have only to obforve, that they ha\e, with the exception of one or two instances, remained ununlwered; I trust therefore no blame can attach to me, if my endeavours to carry into effect your Lordship’s Instructions on this head have not Lean more effectual.

1 have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) IthiticortL

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&e. &c. <N:c.

No. 19.

Copy of an Instrudion from Lord Hobart to Lieut. General F. Dun das, Lieut. Governor and Commander of llis Majesty’s Troops at the Cape of Good Hope; dated the 17th October 1802.

Sir, Downing-street, 17th Odoher 1802.

Circumstances having recently occurred, which render it advilable to delay the restitution of the Cape of Good Hope to the Batavian Government, I am to signify to you His Majesty’s Commands, that you diould retain poffdlion thereof until further orders. It is however extremely delirable, that, in the execution of this Instruction, every circuniftance should be avoided which may be calculated to excite jealously in the Batavian Government, or to create an apprehen-lion of its arising from an hostile motive.

N. B. The above InstrudHon received at the Cape on the 31ft December ult. and acknowledged in General Du»das< Dispatch of the 3d January, received in Downing-street on the 18th March.

(Secret.) No. 20.

Copy of fnftnuftions from the Right honourable Lord Hobart, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Slate, &c. &c. to Lieut. General Francis Dundas, Lieut. Governor and Commander of His Majesty’s Forces at the Cape of Good Hope; dated the 16th November 1802.

Sir, Downing-street, 1.6th November 1S02.

I have the honour to acquaint you, that notwithstanding the Inductions which, by the King’s Commands, I communicated to }rou on the 171b ultimo, it is His Majesi v's Pleasure, in the event of the East India Ships originally dc/tined for the conveyance of the Troops being at the Cape when you receive this Dispatch, that you do give directions for their immediate embarkation, with orders for their departure for India without delay.

Under an impression, however, of the probability of those Ship* having failed without the Troops, I am to acquaint you, that other Ships have been substituted for that service; but that I am apprehen-fiveit will be at least one month before they can leave this Country.

I am also to signify to you His Majesty's Pleasure, that you do proceed forthwith to the execution of your former Instructions for the complete evacuation of the Cape.

The utmost cordiality subsisting between His Majesty’s Government

and that of the Batavian Republic, you will observe the most conciliatory conduct in all your proceedings with the Officers belonging to that Republic.

' I have the honour to be, &c.

To Lieut. General Dundas, (Signed) Hobart,

&c. &c. &c.

O

43 Geo. III. Appendix.' 1071

No. 21.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. 1L King to Lord llawketbury; dated London, May 15th, 1803.

London, May 15th, 1803.

My Lord,

In the prefrnt critical posture of Affairs, I lose no time in communicating to your Lonlfifip, for His Majesty’s information, that a Treaty was ligned at Paris on the thirtieth day of April pall, by the Plenipotentiaries of America and Prance; by which the complete Sovereignty of the Town and Territory of New Orleans, as well as all Loui-fiana, as the lame was heretofore possessed by Spain, has been acquired by the United States of America. In drawing up this Treaty, care has been taken to to frame the fame, as not to infringe any right of Great Britain in the Navigation of the ltiver Mifiillippi.

] flatter myself that this communication will be received with satis-taction, and regarded as a new proof of the disposition of the United States to observe towards Mis Majesty a spirit of amity and confidence, important at all times, and more especially so in present circumstances, to the harmony and mutual prosperity of the two Countries.

I avail myself of this occasion, to renew to your Lordship the assurance of ctiftinguished consideration, with which I have the honour to be, <Nc.

Rufus King.

H i gut honourable Lord Hawkcfbury,

Arc. Ac. Ac.

No. 22.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. King; dated May JOth, 1S03.

Sir, Powning-street, May 19th, 1803.

Having laid before the King your Letter of the 15 th of this month, in which you inform me, that a Treaty was signed at Paris on the 30th of lad month, by the Plenipotentiaries of America and Prance, by which the complete Sovereignty of the town and territory of New Oi learn, as well as of all Louisiana, has been acquired by the United Stag's: — 1 have received IT is Majesty's Commands to exp refs to you the plcafnrc with which His Majesty has received this intelligence, and to add, that His Majesty regards the care which has been taken so to frame this Treaty as not to infringe any right of (Treat Britain in the Navigation of the Mifliftippi, as the mod lahs factory evidence of a disposition on the part of the Government of the United States, correspondent to that which 11 is Majesty entertains, to promote and improve that harmony and good understanding which so happily subsist between the two Countries, and which are so conducive to their mutual benefit.—I have it also in command to allure you. Sir, that the senti-irienls which, you have expruTed in making this communication, are considered by llis Majesty's Government as an additional proof of that cordiality and confidence which you have uniformly inanifefted in the whole course of your public miftion, and which have so justly entitled you to the esteem and regard of His Majesty's Government.

I desire you to accent the assurance of the distinguished consideration with which I have the honour to be, Arc.

Haukcjlury.

Rufus King, Esq. &c. Arc. Arc.

PAPER presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, respecting the Difcuftions with France.

Instructions to Lord Whitworth.

My Lord, Downing-street, Nov. 14, 1802.

I take the first opportunity of communicating to your Excellency, for the regulation of your conduct, the Instructions which His Majesty i pleased to give you on such points as may become subjects of dif-custion between His Majesty and the French Government; and to desire that you will endeavour to conform yourself to them in all your conversations with the French Ministers.

You will lose no proper opportunity of expressing His Majesty* 1s earned solicitude for the preservation of the Peace which fubiifts between the two Countries; His disposition to do every thing in His power for that purpose which is confident with the honour of His Crown, and the interests of His Dominions; and llis regret at any circumstances which may have arisen to interrupt that harmony and good understanding which are so important to the welfare and happiness of both Countries. You will, however, state mod distinctly His Majesty's determination never to forego His right of interfering in the aflairs of the Continent, on every occasion in which the interests of His own Dominions, or those of Europe in general, may appear to him to require it. This right llis Majesty poddies in common with

every other independent Power; it rests upon general principles, and does not require the confirmation of any particular Treaty. It is, nevertheless, important that you should observe, that the circumstances which led to the conclusion of the laii Peace, and the principles upon which the Negotiation was conducted, would give His Majesty a speciul right to interpose in any case which might lead to the extension of the power or influence of France. In the communications which took place between the two Governments, previous to the lignature of the Preliminary Articles, His Majesty proposed, as the bafts of Negotiation, that if the French Government would not relinquish the Continental acquisitions which tiiey had obtained from other Powers in the rourse of the War, Ills Majesty would claim the right of keeping a part of llis conquests, as st compensation for the important acquisitions of Territory made by France upon the Continent. This principle was formerly recognized by the French Government in an official Note in the following words: " Cependant on <c reconnoit que les Grands Evenemens furvenus en Europe, et les " changemens arrives dans les Li mites des Grands Etats cu Con-4< tinent> peuvent autorifer une partie des demandesdu Gouvernement " Britaunique." The terms of the Treaty of Peace were negcciated in conformity to this bails; and it appears therefore clear, that the then existing state of possession and of engagements as reiped the Continent, were the foundation of the Peace itself, and that His Majesty has therefore an undoubted right to interpose, in consequence of the T reaty, in every case in which the state of possession may appear to him to have undergone any material alteration, or in which the engagements which were then fulfilling had been violated to the prejudice of llis Majesty, or of the other Powers of Europe. You will proceed to observe, that the annexation of Piedmont to France, since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, makes a mod material difference in the state of the fixed and permanent possessions of France: that the renunciation of the Dutchy of Parma in favour of France, a circumstance which was concealed at the time of negotiating the Peace, and which is become of the greated importance from its furnishing an additional instance of that tyftem oi secret ccffton, which is totally inconiiftent with any iyftem of security for Europe, makes a mod essential difference likewise in the relative circumstances of the two Countries: that at the time of concluding the Peace, the French Government were bound by the mod sacred engagements to reiped the Independence of the Helvetic and Batavian Republics, and to allow the People of those Countries to choose whatever form of Government they might think proper: that the violation of this right in the Swiss People, and the Iuvafion of their Territory, notwithstanding the representation which was made in their favour by His Majesty, makes a mod material alteration in the state of engagements contracted iincc the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, and adds mod confide 1 ably to the intluence and pywjrof France, to the prejudice of a State which was then acknowledged as independent: that the con-dud of the French Government to the Batavian Republic was not less objectionable: that the Independence of this Republic was acknowledged, both by the Treaty of Luneville and by the Treaty of the Hague of the year 1795: that by the Treaty of the Hague, the French Government were permitted to keep a Garrison in that Country only till the time of general Peace: that, by a Convention signed* in August 1801, the French Troops were to remain there till the oon-clulion of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and France: that the French Troops have not, to this period, evacuated the Country; and that the First Conliil is represented lately to have' declared, that, in the event of any differences amongd the people of that Country on the subject of their internal Government, he would march with his whole Army to suppress them: that this is an obvious violation of the Independence of the Batavian Republic; andf that His Majesty would have a peculiar right to interpose on the present occasion, as he consented to make numerous and mod important Restitutions to the Batavian Government in the Treaty of Peace, on the consideration of that Government being independent, and not being subject to any Foreign controul.

It is unnecessary for me to recommend to your Excellency to make tlicfe Representations with moderation and temper. You will attend very particularly to any Explanations which- may be given to you respecting them; and you will engagS to report such Explanations t<y llis Majesty's Government.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Hawkcjbvry,

Goo^fe ¥ * R

ppendix> <o. S3>)

3* Ma

yin tinned.

1072

Appendix

A. 1803*

, , , r refncain? the Restitution of certain Conquered Places.

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, P 8

, LIS-T.

c;, of o* for... *a. *- - *"* " of*-* " -

C, SS«» from the Biglit ho,.combi, H.tar, to fb, G,v,n»,.r Office, com,»nd, S «.

Conquered Places; dated 47th October 1802. Governors of, or Officers commanding at certain

Copy of an Ii.ftnia.on from the R.ght honourable Lord Hobart to (he Conquered Places; dated 15th November 1802.

Copy of His Majesty's ORDER for the Reliitution to the French and Batavian Republics, of the following Islands or Settlements:

Cape of Good Hope, Martinique,

Tobago,

St. Lucie,

Dcfeadu, and the Saints, Pierre and Miquelon, Curaçao,

Surinam,

Demerara,

Berbice and Eftequibo, St. Euftutius,

St. Martin's,

Goree,

Conquests in East Indies.

(ms.) GEORGE R.

TRUSTY" and Well-beloved, We greet you well: Whereas a Definitive Treaty of Peace has been ligned at Amiens on the 27th day of March laic, by Our Minister Plenipotentiary, and those of the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, and the Batavian Republic: And whereas it is ftipukited by the third Article of the said Treaty, that We Hull 1 restore to the French Republic and her Allies, namely, his Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic, all the Possessions and Colonies which belonged to them respectively, and which had been occupied or conquered by Our Forces in the course of the War, with the exception of the Island of Trinidad and the Dutch Possessions in the Island of Ceylon: and it being further ltipulated, in the twelfth Article of the said Definitive Treaty, that the Evacuations, Cessions, and Refutations ftipuluted for by the present Treaty, except where ntherwife expressly provided for, shall take place in the Continent and Seas of Africa, within three months after the Ratification of the present Definitive Treaty, which Ratifications were exchanged on the 23d day of April lull: and it being ftipuluted by the 13th Article of the said Definitive Treaty, that in all the cases of Restitution agreed upon determined by the present Treaty, the Fortifications shall be delivered up in the state in which they may have been at the time of the signature of the Preliminary Treaty, and that all the works which shall have been contracted finoe the occupation shall remain untouched: Our Will and Pica lure is, that you do, pursuant to the stipulations above recited, deliver, or cause to he delivered to such Commissary or Conmiiftaries as shall be named and authorized on the part of the Republic

to receive the same, the of with the Fortifi-

cations thereof, in the state in which they may have been at the time of the iignature of the Preliminary Treaty, leaving untouched the Works which shall have been constructed since the occupation: and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Given at Our Court at St. James, the day of May 1802, in the forty-feccmd year of Our Reign.

To Our Trusty and Well-beloved Governor of the of or to the

Officer commanding Our Troops in the said Settlement, and to all others whom it may concern. < J

By His Majesty's Command, (Counterligned) Hobart.

Order for the Rcflitution of the ' of

Copy of an Inftriuftion from the Right honourable Lord Hobart to the Governors of, or Officers commanding at

Surinam, St. Lucie, 1

Demerara, Tobago,

Berbice and Eflequibo, Curaçao.

Martinique,

17th OIL 1802.

(Circular.)

Sir, Downing-street, lythOHober 1802.

Circtimstances having occurred, which render it advisable to delay the Reliitution of the of to the

Republic, I am to signify to you His Majesty's Commands, that you should retain possession thereof until further Orders.

I have the honour to be, &e.

Hobart.

To

The Governor of

Copy of an Instruction from the Right honourable Lord Hobart to the Governors of, or Officers commanding at

Surinam, St. Lucie,

Demerara, 1 obago,

Rerbice and Eflequibo, Curaçao.

Martinique,

15th Novcmr 1802.

(Circular.)

Sir; Downing-street, 15th November 1802.

I have the honour to acquaint you, that, notwithstanding the * Orders, which, by the Kim/s Commands, I communicated to you oft the 17th ultimo, it is His Majesty's pleasure, that you do immediately proceed to he Restitution of the ot

to the Government; in conformity to the direction*

you have already received For that purpose.

I have the honour to be, &c.

To Hobart.

The Governor of &c. See. &c.

PAPER presented to the House, by IJis Majesty's Command, respecting the Difcullions with France.

Copy of the Paper referred to in Mr. Forestis Letter to Lord IJawkesbury, of Jan. 2, 1803.

k A French Frigate, commanded by an Officer of that Nation, whole name is not known, arrived this day in our Roads, On board tills Veil'd was embarked Citizen Horace Sebastiani, calling himself Envoy from the First Consul to these Parts. On the fame afternoon he attempted to land with the Officers, but as they had arrived from Egypt, four Guards ot Health were placed over them, lie demanded a Conference with the Government, alluring our Delegate Regent, that he was commissioned by the Firli Consul Bonaparte, to communicate to all orders oi Persons in the Seven islands, the attachment and respect of the First Consul, his desire of seeing all the People happy and contented, whom he would endeavour to inspire with veneration for the Laws, relped for the existii.g Government, and obedience to its commands. In this deligning manner he extorted a content from the Delegate, that a few Merchants and Noblemen should be invited to the Palace; which being done, it appearing that Mr. Antonio Mar-tinengo was abb ot, he was font for by Vice CommilTary Renaud troro the house of his Fiend Slrapodi, and, immediately on his arrival at the Palacp was presented to the Flinch Envoy Sebastiani, and recommended as opulent, possessing influence, a good Man, and the friend of the People. Schaiiiani made him a lliort compliment, and then bewail his difeomfe by laying, a That the Tiril Consul had begun to give n political cxifenet■ to these [funds; that the vicifil hides of liar and the dtjlance oj Reinforcements acre preparing for them another Define; that hr feels the reanmft inter eft for (heir Inhabitants, who would be rendered happy, if the1/ would adopt such afjjicrn as would be most analogous to that of France; that internal distentions, and false principles had for a moment taken from them the liberty of giving their own opinion about their Constitution; but that, determined by a different conduct, the/ might in future poltefs that liberty; that the Nobility might aspireto the Offices of Government on the ground of property, lincc it procured them a lupenor education, but that they ought not to pretend to elta-blish on a plea of birth, those privileges which should result from education, virtue, and property; that the People ought not to exclude the Nobility merely hecaul'e they were born in that sphere; that a spirit oi general concord ought to recal tranquillity among the three dalles of the Nobles, the Plebcans, and the Mercantile class which is the bell; that they ought to avail themselves of the favourable situation of the Country which gives the means of procuring by Commerce, wealth and future opulence; that so fedudive Un object exposed to the view of Continental Greece, might louse up that ancient ardour and national entbuhafm for I.iberty, by which the Republic of the Seven Islands will become a Power liipeiinr even to its own expectations; that States have the fame stages as the life of Man, and therefore that it is not wonderful if, during their infancy, the errors 0 childhood should prevail in them; that if they are averie to the care of the French Nation to maintain the happiness of those liUnds eyn by her own Forces (not subject to the outrages of fortune) the 1 u Coalul, ia concert with the Emperor of Russia. will know hf*w 10

h elb bldh

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1073

establish by lbrce an appropriate conOitution for the Seven Iflunds; that lastly, lie recommends to them to make known to the People these triendly fentiiucnts of Bonaparte, directly communicated to them liy him his immediate organ." lie said Ibmething relpeciing the Emperor of lluftia, but very coolly, and added also, " that until the change of the present Government, it will be necefniry to obey the Laws, however defective they may be, to respect its Ministers, and obey their orders." When this ipeech was ended, Peta, the Ex-luperin-tendant of the Cernides, cried out, " Long live the First Consul Bonaparte I" rI he Russian Commandant who was present remained blent at these proceedings, and feeling himself thus betrayed, he telii-tfed his disapprobation by his lilence. The French Envoy, as he Ipft the Palace in eroding the Square, was huzza'd and applauded by the most ill disposed of the People, led away determined by the bad example of all the former and present Officers of the Republic, lie went into Mr. Reminds House, and then returned on board his own Ship. He inquired for an Exprcls for Cephalonia, where he willied to fend advices

of his intended destination. The Delegate could not deny him permis-lion to land, because he would have aiVumed the right of doing lb of his own authority, and he thought, if in this case he had had recourse to the Russian Force, he might have dilturhed the peace which exiits between the Emperor of Russia and the French Government. lie wished to have oppolld such a lludied harangue, but had he done so, the French Envoy would have thought himself authorized to have gone out and have made it in the middle of the public Square, and on a Holiday, when the People were intoxicated with wine, and the remains of a spirit of Democracy now reviving, by which a difatlrous l'cene might have followed. These are the reasons which induced the Delegate to chuse the lelfer evil, more particularly lb because lie had not any InitrucYions for his guidance in such unexpected occurrences*. The Russian Commandant regards this atfair as an outrage against his Sovereign, and he would have been furry to have witnessed such a seene, had he not been obliged to do so*

Appenc (No. 5-23* M

continue

PAPERS presented to the Lloufe, by IJis Majesty's Command, respecting the Island of Malta.

Mail,

L I S T.

No. 1. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Ilawkeffiury; dated London, May 20th 1803. *2. Traiillation ot a Note irom M. Talleyrand to Lord Whitworth; dated Paris, May 12th 1803.

3. Translation ot a Note from Lord Whitworth to M. Talleyrand; dated Paris, May 12th 1803.

No. !.

Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Ilawkeffiury; dated London, May 20th, 1803.

My Lord, London, May 20th, 1803.

I have the honour to inclose to your Lordll.ip an official Note, which I received from Monsieur de Talleyrand on the day of my departure from Paris, and my Answer.

i have the honour to be, &c.

IVh it worth.

Right honourable Lord Ilawkeffiury,

Arc. &c. 6cc.

No. 2.

Translation of a Note from M. Talleyrand to Lord Whitworth; dated Paris, mb May 1 "03.

The underfigiied is charged .0 signify to his Excellency Lord Whitworth, His Britannic Majesty's Ambassador, that the First Consul having, in the Note of the of this month, made a proposal that the lliand of Malta tluudd be put into the potfession of either of the three guaranteeing Powers, namely, Puffia, Austria, or Prussia; it would be insufficient to e\ade this proposition by pleading the refutal of his Majesty the Emperor of Ruffin to accept the trail, fir.ee the intentions of ilu'ir MajHties the Empc/or of Germany and King of Prulha, iq that refi-eft, remain to be afc.ertained.

That, moreover, the alTcrtion contained in his ExcePency’s Note of the 20th of this month, as expressed in the follow!: y terms, " by u the refufat of Isis Mr.;cftj the En'ptror of Riifa so Hjlen toit" is directly contrary to the Guarantee which his Imperial Majesty has formally ottered, on condition of making some trifling alterations th.it the First Consul has no difficulty to adopt, but which he knows that the English Ministry have refilled with the view without doubt at the

time of the ft range pretention of keeping Malta. That, moreover, this assertion is in absolute contradiction to the affinrances which the Knit Consul has received from Peterffiurgh, since His Britannic Ma-jeuy's Message iias been known there, and which have lately been renewed to him by an authentic Communication which Count Marcoff made yesterday of the intentions of his Court.

From whence it lefults, that it is impossible to reconcile the last communication made by his Excellency Lord Whitworth with the fresh confirmation which ha just been acquired of the diipniitions of his Majesty the Emperor of Russia; and that one cannot help believing that His Britannic Majesty, when better informed, will himself hasten to give Ins Excellency indraft ions differing from those which he has received and communicated in the name of his Government.

T he underfigiied seizes this opportunity to renew to his Excellency Lord Whitworth the atfurance of his high confederation.

(Signed) Ch. Matt. Talleyrand.

Paris, 22 Floreal, year 11.

No. 3.

Transition of a Note from Lord Whitworth to M. de Talleyrand; dated Paris, 12th May 1803.

The undevsigned has the honour to acknowledge the receipt of the Note which the Minuter for Foreign A fairs sent to linn this day, and he will not fail to trunlinit it to his Court.

In the meanwhile he rrquests the Minister for Foreign Affairs tt> * fond him the Passports which he required of him. ‘ ,

He seizes this opportunity to renew to his Excellency the afiuraned of his high consideration.

(Signed) Whitworth.

Paris, 12th May 1803.

l!

it

i:

I;

11

1

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Continuance of the French Troops in Holland.

25* M

LIST.

No. 1. Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Lilion to Lord Hawkeftmry; dated November 5, 180a.

2. Extract ot a Dispatch from Mr. Lilion to Lord Ilawkeffiury; dated Hague, November 12, 1802.

3. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Ixud Hawkesbury; dated Paris, December 13, 1802.

4. Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkeffiury; dated Paris, December 13, 1802.

5. Extract ol a Dispatch from Mr. Lilion to Lord ITavvkeffiuiyr; dated Hague, January 11, 1803.

No. 1.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Litton to Lord Ilawkeffiury; dated The Hague, November 5th, 1802.

' ^he a°xious apprehensions under which the Dutch Government have for some time laboured, have been in some measur calmed by the Accounts received today from different quarters.

1 heir Ambassador at Paris has transmitted a copy of a nervous and well-written Memorial, presented by him to the Minister of Foreign VOL. 58. 6

Affairs (in consequence of the Instructions lately sent from hence); and he informs the Secretary of State, that he received the most positive assurances from M. de Talleyrand, that it was by no means the intention of the First Consul to increase the number of French Troops in the Batavian Republic, or to march back those now upon the Frontiers into the interior parts of this Country: that, on the contrary, it was his fixed determination to withdraw‘the whole as soon as the proper arrangements could be made for that purpose.

14 ® No. 2.

1074

Appendix.

A. 1803.

No. 2.

Ext raft of a Difyatch from Mr. Lifton to Lord Hawkesbury; dated The Hague, November 12th, 1802.

Whatever may be the Resolution of the First Consul, respecting the final evacuation of the Batavian Republic by the Troops of France (a subject on which this Government remains in a bate of doubt and uncertainty) there seems reason to suppole that a certain portion of them—the 17th and 74th Demi-Brigades of Infantry, amounting to about four thousand Men, — are to be embarked at Hclvoet Sluys, and transported to Louifuma, under the direction of General Victor, who has been appointed to the chief command in that new Colonyj

No. 3.

Extract of a Pifpateh from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury;

Paris, 13th Deer 1802. '

The Batavian Ambalffador, Vos van Steinvick, has been instructed to make a representation, couched in the strongeft terms, again It the conduct of this Government, with regard to the French Troops which continue to be quartered in Holland.—Your Lordship well knows how long, and bow anxiously, the Batavian Government has been expecting to be delivered from this burthen.

No. 4.

Dispatch from Lord Whitworth to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Paris, December 13th 1802.

My Lord, Paris, December 13, 1802.

Your Lordship will learn, by my former Dispatch of this date, the flop which is to be taken determined by the Dutch AmbalVador, for procuring the evacuation of the Batavian territory by the French Troops.

I cannot flatter myself that any direct interference on my part, would, under the present circumstances, assist in promoting this important object—And I know that the Dutch AmbalTador entirely coincides with me in this opinion. J have however, invariably, held a language on this subject conformable to the general Inffruftioni which I received on my departure from London.

I have the honour to be, &c.

- Whitworth•

The Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

Arc. Arc. Arc.

No. 5.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Lifton to Lord Iiawke/bury; dated The Hague, nth January 1803.

The Negociations between the Secretary of Slate and M. de Se-monville, respecting the continuance of French Troops in the Southern Garrisons of this Republic, have been carried on with uncommon activity for the last few days; and this morning M. de Sparre, Son-in-Law to Made de Semmiville, let out for Paris, carrying with him the Ambassadors Report of the result of their Conferences.

The Dutch Government, though they appear to be devoted to the idea of the independence of their native Country', have adopted the opinion, that it is upon the whole, wiser to yield to the with of Bonaparte, to continue for a limited time linall Garrisons in some of the Frontier Towns, than by an obstiuate refinance to draw on this Republic the fate of Switzerland.

2 6* Mail.

PAPERS prefeiUed to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Guarantee of the Court of R.uffia.

LIST.

No. 1. Copy of a Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to Sir John Warren; dated January 29th 1803.

No. 2. Copy of a Note from Lord Ilawkesbury to the Vice-Chancellor Count A. Worozoff; dated January 29th, 1803.

No. 1.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to Sir John Warren;

January 29th, 1803

Sir, Downing-street, Jan* 29, 1803.

Your Excellency’s Dispatches, to N’21, inciufive, have been received, and laid before the King.

I fend you now inclosed the official Answer to the Note of the Chancellor Count WorozolT, relative to the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens—it has been delivered to Count Simon Woronzow, the Russian Anibaflador at this Court.

In communicating this Note, you will express, in suitable terms, how fen fib Iv 1J is Majesty feels the friendffiip which the Emperor of Russia has manifofrcd to Ilim on this occasion, in his disposition to concur in the arrangements relative to the Island of Malta—and how fmeerely His Majesty regrets, that it is not in His power to acquiesce, without condition or explanation, in every thing that his Imperial Majesty has proposed on this subject. His Majesty however trulls, that, when all the ci ream Trances are taken into consideration which bear upon this important subject, the Emperor of Russia will be satisfied, that the line of conduct which has been adopted by His Majesty, is such as a regard to good Faith and to the intereffs of 11 is Dominions have rendered necessary. The only material difference between the arrangement proposed by the Emperor of Russia for the Island of Malta, and that inXvhich His Majesty is willing to concur, relates to the ltipulations in favour of the Maltese Inhabitants. It is important that your Excellency should imprels the ltuilian Government with the conviction of the services rendered by the Inhabitants of Malta to His Majesty and to the common Cause, at the time when the French were in possession of the Island. That, for nearly two years, they maintained a date of confiant and active hostility against the French—that several thoafands of them periffied in this stale of hostility; and, that these efforts were made at a time when they could receive affilianee from no other Foreign Power-—That the attachment evinced by the Maltese to His Majesty, during the blockade, and their loyalty to Him since He has obtained possession of the Bland, gives them a peculiar claim to His protection, and a right to expect, that, in the future arrangements for the Island, some advantages should be ftipukited in their favour—That, independent of every consideration of good Faith, your Excellency well knows that the Maltese Inhabitants, if attached to their Government, are equal to the defence of the Island; and that every motive of policy therefore, as well as of just ice, renders it expedient to endeavour to conciliate their affections. Thel'e circumstances being premised, you wiH Rate, that the

objection which, it is conceived, 1ms had most weight with his Imperial Majesty, is that stipulation in the 10th Article of the Treaty of Amiens, which at the time that it establishes a Maltese Langue, requires no proof of Nobility for admission into that Langue—That such a stipulation is considered as leading to the establishment of a Plebean Langue, totally inconfilient with the spirit of the Institution of the Order.—His Majesty is extremely desirous of deviling means by which this objection shall be obviated, and the Interests of the Maltese adequately consulted. The proofs of Nobility, which have been required for other Priories, have been various; and the power of the Pope to grant Difpcnlations has been admitted to exilt: If therefore actual Nobility was made the indifpcnfable condition of admission into the Mal-tefe Langue or Priory,^the objection, which is at present made to this part of the arrangement, would, in a great degree, if not wholly, be removed. As, however, the number of Persons who would be capable of admission into the Order, in confluence of such a regulation, would be very limited, it appears reasonable that some further itipu-lations should be made in favour of the Inhabitants of Malta; and it may be proposed to revive, under such regulations and modifications as may be judged expedient, the National Council which formerly existed in that Island, which should form no part of the Order, but which should have a fbare in the Government of the Bland, and a deliberative voice in all its internal concerns. A body of this defen ption could not he considered as in any respect derogatory to the ancient Infiilution of the Order, and would be conformable to what e.xilted within the Bland till within a very few years. It is for the purpose of obtaining information on theft? points, that Instructions will be lent to Sir Alexander Ball; it being impossible, after all that has passed, to bring the Negotiation to an illlie, without some communication with the principal Inhabitants of Malta.

His Majesty relics on your zeal in giving effect to those Instructinns, and in your endeavours to reconcile the Russian Government to the objects of them.

The events which have happened since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty; the unbounded ambition which has been, and tffil manifeued by the French Government; might have juliilW Kis Majesty in bringing forward new demands, and in even claiming the appropriation of Malta as feme counterpnifo to the acquisitions made by France since the Treaty of Peace; but the moderation with which. His Majesty has been actuated in all His concerns with Foreign Powers, and His anxious desire that the Peace of Europe may, 11 possible, be effectually ronfolidated, has induced Him to forego those claims which the increased and increasing Power of France might have juititied him in advancing; and as every fiipulation in the Treaty

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1075

of Amiens has been in a courst* of execution on His Part, with the exception of the tenth Article, Me is delimits of [hewing 11 is dffpofi-tion to concur in an arrangement which may be conformable to the spirit of the Article; if inch an arrangement can be rendered confident with the Honour of His Crown; and if it effectually provides for the object of the tenth Article—the Independence of the illund of Alalia.

I am, with great truth and respect,

Sir,

Your Excellency's most obedient humble Servant,

His Excellency Sir.John W’arrcn, Hanktsbury.

&c. <S:c. &c.

No. 2.

Copy of a Note from I.ord Hawkesbury to the Vice-Chancellor Count Ar Worozotf; Jaiff 20th 1S03.

Note.

The undersigned, IIis Mujetiy's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has laid before the King, the Note of the Chancellor of his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias, together with the Projet of the Articles incloseu in it, which was delivered to his Excellency Sir John Borlale Warren, in consequence of the invitation made by his Excellency and the French Minitier, in the name of His Majesty and the Firti Confel of the 1 rencli Republic, to his Imperial Majesty to accessp, as a guaranteeing Power, to the tenth Article of the Definitive Treaty Jf Pea* e. 1 gned at Amiens on the 27th day of March lati.

It has been His Majesty's sincere and conltunt desire, that the ftipu-lations of this Article, as well as every other part of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, should be carried into complete (died; and as circumffanoes have arisen, since the conclusion of the Treaty, which render it impracticable to execute the tenth Article according to the terms of it, and which have made fresh tiipulations necessary, that means should be found, by amicable Negotiation, of a^comphlLing an arrangement winch may be deemed conformable to the spirit of the Treaty, and to the intentions of the Contracting Parties at the time of concluding it.

1Jis Majesty attaches the greatoft importance to the accession of the Emperor of Kullia to the tenth Article of the Definitive Treaty; Dot only on account of the Security which the Guarantee of Ins Imperial Majesty would give to the Independence of the island of Malta, but likewise from a desire to obtain his Imperial Majesty’s function and concurrence, with respect to the arrangements tiipuiated in that Article. His Majesty has invariably mamIVtied the fame disposition. As soon as he learnt the proceeding which had been adopted at St. Petersburgh, in consequence of the Proclamation of the Emperor of Russia for the Election ofa Grand Mailer, IJe proposed to the French Government to join with Him in declaring, that, as Con trading Parties to the Treaty of Amiens, they were ready to acknowledge that Election to be valid, and to recognize the Person who might be named by the Pope out of those who were chosen by the Priories in Kullia, and w hole Names appeared in the Lilt that was then publnhcd, to be Grand Matter of the Order of St.John. In conformity to the principles which governed Uis Majesty’s conduct on that oecalinn, lie is perfediy ready to adopt the iuggeition of his Imperial Majesty,

for the conrlufion of a Supplementary Convention to the tenth Article of the 'Treaty of Amiens; and He has no difficulty in declaring his entire acquielcence in the feennd, third, tilth, and li.sth Articles, contained in the Projet delivered to Sir John Warren; His Majesty entirely concurs Likewise in that part of the firti Article, which relates to the acknowledgement of the Sovereignty of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem over the Jlland of Malta and its Dependencies. With respect to the other part of the Article, which refers to the advantages llipidated in favour of the Maltcfe; His Majesty is extremely anxious that means may be‘deviled of reconciling the views of the Emperor of Rultia, relative to the Order of St. John, with the attention which a regard for the honour of His Crown renders due to the intends and wiihes of the Maltese Inhabitants, and with the indifpeufable object; of the tenth Article of the Treaty of Peace, that of providing effectually for the Independence of the Island; and He trulls that lucii an arrangement may he found not inconlitient with the spirit of the original Inliitution of the Order. His Majesty will lose no time in giving Intimations to Sir Alexander Ball, to take measures for obtaining the information which may be necessary lor enabling His Majesty to form His determination on this subject.

his Majesty trulls that that part of the fourth Article, which relates to the number of Neapolitan Troops, will be judged unnecef-lary, when it is understood that, with a view to the execution of the provisions of the Treaty of Amiens, measures have already been taken for raising a Malteie Force of 2,000 Men, which, together with the 2,000 at present in the Island, will form an adequate Garrison for its defence. 11 is Majesty, however, entirely agrees with the Emperor of Kuflia, in the necetiitv of providing adequate Funds for the support of this Garrison; and, as the property of the Spanish Priories has been fequeltered since the conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, to which Treaty his Catholic Majesty was a party, He thinks it indif-penfable, that the property of those Priories should be restored to them; especially as the Portuguese Government have lately declared tin ir intention of lequetirating the property of the Portuguese Priory, as forming a part of the Spanish Eangue, unless the Priories of Spain are reinftaied in their former possessions. As those fequefrrations have been carried into effect since the conclusion of the Treaty of Peace, and as it is highly important to secure, under any circumlhinces which may happen, a Revenue adequate to the maintenance of the Civil and Military Government, and of the Independence of the Island, His Majesty adopts, from a conviction of its necetiitv, the fu.gcftion of the Emperor of Russia, that whatever Sum may be requisite for that flurpose beyond the ordinary Revenue, shall be provided determined by an equal contribution on the part of his Majesty and of the French Government; and in default of Payment by either of the Parties, it shall be at the option of the other Party to contribute the whole.

His Majesty has thus tiated, without referee, to. his Imperial Majesty, His sentiments on every part of this important subject, and his rcudiness to agree in such modifications of the tenth Article of the 'Treaty of Amiens, as may be found not incontiftent with the spirit of it; as may be compatible with the Interestsofall the Parties concerned, and which, His Mdjeliy trusts, will therefore prove satisfactory to the Emperor of Russia.

(Signed)

Downing-tireet, Jan. 29th, 1803. Hawkesbury.

Append

(No- 5;

26°

continue

PAPERS presented to the Iloufe, pursuant to Address, respecting Commercial Commissioners from France ..

1 jumt.

—-----— 4-----^ —

LIST.

No. l. Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated May 23d, 1802.

2. Copy of a Letter from Lord Ilawkelbury to M. Otto; dated May 24th, 1802.

3. Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated June 24th, 1802.

Truncation of M. C. Mcntbret’s Commission, referred to in No. 3.

4. I raiiiiatinn oi a Letter trom M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated September 15th, 1802.

Truncation of Citizen Chepy’s Commission, referred to in No. 4.

5. Copy of a Note from Lord llawkefbuiy to M. Otto; dated September 18th, 1802.

6. -Ti(inflation of a Letter from hi. Talleyrand to General Andreoily; dated Paris, December 30th, 1802.

7. Minute of a Verbal Communication from Lord Hawkesbury to General Andreoffy; dated January 11th 180s

8. Memorandum—June iff, 1803. J } 54

No. 1.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury; dated May 23, 1802.

My Lord, Portman-square, May 23, 1802. '

His Britannic Majest/s Government having often manifested to me a deffre to concert feme particular arrangements for the establishment or the maintenance of several relations of Commerce between the two Nations; 1 have the satisfaction to inform your Excellency, that the Firil Conlul, peuetrated with the fame sentiments, and having a particular deffre to consolidate the relations of Friendship so happily re-ejtablfshed between the two Nations, has determined to fend with-

out delay to London* Citizen Coquebert Montbret, who has lately reikled at Amsterdam, with the character of Commissary General of Commerce. He has received Orders to repair to London, as soon as polffble, to co-operate with me on every thing relative to this important Negociation; and I am particularly directed to assure the British Government, that the First Consul desires to conduct it promptly to a termination mutually advantageous.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Right honourable Lord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

Otto.

1076

Appendix

A. 1803

ppendix, No. 53-)

1° Junii,

Continued.

No. 2.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Ilawkesbury to M. Otto; dated 24th May 1802.

Sir, Downing Street, 24th May 1802.

f I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Letter of yesterday, and to inform you, that His Majesty's Government have learnt, with peculiar satisfaction, the disposition of the First Consul to conclude some arrangement with respeti to the Commercial Intercourse between this Country and France. Whenever Mr. Coquebert Montbrct shall arrive, I shall be happy to enter into an immediate Negociation on this important object, in concert with you and that Gentleman; and I trull that, by our conjoint exertions, we shall be enabled to bring it speedily to a conclusion reciprocally beneficial to both Countries

I have the honour to be, Sec.

M. Otto, Iiawkesbury.

Sec. &c. See.

No. 3.

Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Ilawkelbury;

24th June, 1802.

My Lord, London, 24th June, 1802.

I have the honour herewith to transmit to you the Original Commission appointing Citizen Coquebert Montbrct CommilVary General of the Commercial Relations of the French Republic at London. 1 requell you to give to this Act the accustomed formalities, in order to enable Citizen Coquebert freely to fulfil his duties, on the condition of ported reciprocity towards the Person whom llis Majesty may think fit to send to France with the fame character.

I have the honour to be, See.

(Signed) Otto.

His Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

Minister and Secretary of State for the Foreign Department,

See. Sec. Sec.

11

r

5

il

k

r

li

li

M. Coquebert Montbret's Commission as Commissary General for Commercial Relations at London.

(Inclosure referred to in No. 3.)

In the Name of the French People.

The First Consul of the Republic having appointed Citizen Charles Stephen Coquebert Montbret, to the pod of Commissary General of the Commercial Relations of the French Republic at London, orders him to repair, without delay, to his destination, there to exercise, conformably to the Laws, the functions with which he is intrusted: —enjoins all French Merchants, Captains, Mailers, Owners, and Seamen, as well as all other Frenchmen residing within the said District, to acknowledge Citizen Coquebert Montbret in the post conferred upon him in the Name of the French People, and to give him an Account of the Navigation and Destination of their Vessels, and of every thing which may redate to the service in which he is employed. For which purpose they are to exhibit their Licence, Clearances,'Pall-ports, and are punctually to conform themselves to all the Regulations he may require. T lie First Consul moreover enjoins the Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic at London, to apprize the Government of Great Britain of the appointment of Citizen Coquebert Montbrct, and to require their approbation thereof, as Commissary General aforesaid, in order that he may freely exercise his functions, without any let or hindrance whatever; offering perfect reciprocity towards all those who fludl be in like manner recommended to him.

Given at Paris, at the National Palace of the Consuls, under the seal of the French Republic, the 30th Floreal, year to.

The First Consul of the Republic,

(Signed) Bonaparte. The Minister for By Order of the First Consul.

Foreign Affairs, The Secretary" of State,

(Signed) (Signed)

Ch. Mau. Talleyrand. (l. s.) Hughes B. Maret.

Commission of Citizen Peter Chepy, as Vice Commissary of x Commercial Relations at Jersey, Sec.

(Inclosure referred to in No. 4.)

In the Name of the French Republic.

Bonaparte, First Consul of the Republic.

In the Name of the French People.

The First Consul of the Republic having appointed Citizen Peter Chepy to the post of Vice-Conmiillary of Commercial Relations of the French Republic in the Blands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, orders him to repair without delay to his destination, there to exercise, in conformity to the Laws, the functions with which he is entrulied; —Enjoins all Merchants, Captains, Mailers, Owners, and Seamen, as well as every other Frenchman redding within the said District, to acknowledge Citizen Chepy in the poll conferred upon him, in the Name of the French People, and to give him an Account of the Navigation and Destination of their Vessels, and of every tiling which may relate to the service in which he is employed. For which purpose, they are to exhibit to him their Licence, Clearances, Failports, and are punctually z^o conform themselves to all the regulations he may require. The First Consul moreover enjoins the Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic at London, to apprize the British Government of Citizen Chepy's appointment, and to require their approbation thereof as Vice-Commiftary aforesaid, in order that he may freely exercise his functions, without any let or hindrance whatever; offering perfect reciprocity towards all those who shall in like manner be recommended to him.

Given at Paris, in the National Palace of the Consuls, under tht seal of the French Republic, the Thermidor, 10thyear.

The First Consul of the French Republic, (Signed) Bonaparte.

By Order of the First Consul,

(Signed) Hughes B. Maret,

(l. s.) Secretary of State.

(Signed) Ch. Mau. Talleyrand,

Minister for Foreign Affairs.

Citizen Peter Chepy, Commission as Vice-Commissary of Commercial Relations of the French Republic.

No. 5.

Copy of a Note from Lord Hawkesbury to M. Otto-Sir, Downing-street, September 18th, 1802.

I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Letter of the 15th instant, inclosing the Commission of M. Chepy as Vice-Commissary of Commercial Relations, on the part of the French Repub* lie, for the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

I desire you to be allured, that His Majesty s Government have uniformly been, and continue to be, follcitous to see the Commerce between this Country and France renewed upon a just and equitable footing: It has therefore afforded them sincere concern to learn, that their disposition in this respect has not as yet been met by a correspondent disposition on the part of the French Government: but that the Commerce of His Majesty's Subjects, in the Ports of Fiance, is in a very uncertain and precarious Hate, and is exposed to numerous vexations and difficulties. Under these circumllanees, llis Majesty is under the necessity of postponing the recognition of any Commercial Agent of the French Republic within His Dominions, until some Commercial Arrangement, either definitive or provisional, can be agreed upon by the twro Governments.

The expectation of receiving more satisfactory information upon this important subject, has hitherto induced me to defer returning an answer respecting the Commission of M. Coquebert Montbret, as Commiflhry General of Commercial Relations on the part of the French Republic. Bui having been disappointed in that expectation, I requell you, Sir, to consider the determination of His Majesty, as stated in this Letter, to be equally applicable to M. Coquebert's nomination.

I desire you to accept the assurances of the high confuleration with which I have the honour to be. Sec. Sec.

(Signed)

Hawkesbury.

t No. 4.

\ Translation of a Letter from M. Otto to Lord Hawkesbury;

r, dated 15 th September 1802.

My Lord, Portman-square, Sept. 15, 1802.

S' I have the honour of transmitting to your Excellency, the original yS Commission appointing Citizen Chepy Vice-Commiflkry of Commer-yr cial Relations in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney. 1

'jS be& you will have* the goodness to annex the Exequatur in the usual

form to it, and to return it to me.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Hi* Excellency Lord Hawkesbury, (Signed) Otto.

Minister and Principal Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs.

No. 6.

Translation of a Letter from M. Talleyrand to General Andreofly; dated Paris, the gth Nivofe, an. 11 (Dec. 30th, 1802;) communicated by the latter to Lord Hawkesbury, in Answer to a verbal Rep refen tation, which had been made by him to the French Ambassador.

Paris, the gth Nivofe, year 11.

T received with your Letter of the 2d of this month. Citizen Ambuffador, Copy of a Circular Letter, and of a series of Questions that I had directed to several Commissaries of French Commercial Relations residing in Foreign Parts; and this Letter is merely in reply to that part of your which relates to this circumstance. You inform me, that the passages underlined are those which appear to have excited the mistrust of the English Government, by whom my

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1077

Packet was opened. You will readily have observed, that the part of my Letter which was the most strikingly underlined, was the close of it, wherein I recommended the Commissaries not to consider the talk I required of them as forming a part of your Official Corespondence, but to write at the top of their answers. Private corrtfpondtnce.

To enable you to judge of my motives, and to give every satisfaction to Lord ilawkelbury, if you think it of sufficient importance, it will be sufficient to tell you, that the informations 1 am desirous of collecting are intended for the completion of a work in the nature of that intitled, the " Balance of Commerce."

This object forms no part of the labours of any of the branches of the Department for Foreign Affairs; it is entirely the business of Men of Letters.

The Quetiions which I have put, are with a view to verify the information already obtained by other information; and the Commis-faries of Commercial Relations are better qualified to fumish me with it than any one. This trifling matter forms no part of their ordinary employment; and for that reason is not classed with their communications, which ought always to be made in the regular form. My delign rather is to enforce the execution of it, than to allow a departure from it. This is an invariable principle with me. But the mere reading of my Letter, and of the Questions annexed thereto, sufficiently prove how fastidious it would be to attach to them any greater importance than what is due to a work dr idly literary; and I was so little desirous of avoiding their publicity, that I at tirit entertained the idea of having them printed.

I have the honour to saluteyou.

(Signed) Ch. Mau. Talleyrand.

No. 7.

Minute of a Verbal Communication from Lord Hawkeffiury to General Andreody; dated January 11, 1803.

Lord Hawkesbury informed the French Ambassador, that in consequence of the representations which had been made on the subject of the French Commissaries of Commercial Relations, by His Majesty’s Government, it was their determination not to allow: those Persons to execute any of the functions assigned to them by their respective Commissions, nor to proceed to the nominal places of their destination; and, in the event of their attempting to proceed thither, to direct them to quit the King’s Dominions. In order, however, to obviate the neccllity of having recourse to these measures, His Majesty's Government truiled that the French Government would, of their own accord, direct these Persons to return to France.

No. 8.

Memorandum: June lft 1803.

No order to quit His Majesty s Dominions was sent to any of the Persons Ityling themselves " Commissaries of Commercial Relations," except to M. Chepy, at Guernsey.

June lft 1803.

Appen (No. i 1 :•>

content

PAPERS presented to the House, pursuant to Address, respecting the Maltese Deputies, and M, Chepy.

6* Junii \-----*—,

LIST.

No. 1. Transition of a Letter from the Maltese Deputies to Lord Hobart; dated March lft, 1802. <2. Translation of a Letter from the Maltese Deputies to Lord Hobart; dated April 2, 180a.

. Minute of the Measures taken respecting M. Chepy.

No. 1.

Translation of a Letter from the Maltese Deputies to Lord Hobart; dateu ill March 1802.

The Deputies sent on the part of the extraordinary Congrefles held at Malta and Gozo, confiding of the heads of Battalions and UepreJentatives of the several Villages, have the honour to lay before Lord Hobart, Mmilter of His Britannic Majesty for the Department of War, the following Memoir, conformably to the Infrructions which they received from their Conltituents the 9th November 1801.

My Lord,

It is with the most lively grief, and the utmost surprise, that the Maltese People have been informed of the lev ere and unmerited fate which awaits them, in the return of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem to the Islands of Malta and Gozo. 'Hie defection and treachery of which that Order became guilty, will form an irra in the annals of the world as linking as that which now replaces us under its despotic dominion, notwithstanding that it betrayed 11s to an Army unfaithful to its pro-miles and engagements. The judgment which polierity will pronounce upon this transaction will be no panegyric on the age in which we live; and ive anticipate llie complaints and the reproaches which our latetl defendants will direct against us, if a bale timidity should induce us to be lilent before the just and magnanimous'tribunal, at which we have the benefit of appeal ing.

We refrain from a.lodging the motives which would justify our rc-fentment towards the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. The blood that has been (lied; the deaths of twenty thouaunl of our fellow Citizens, in consequence of the greateU diuretics; the expenses incurred during the first. months of the Resolution, for the ihpport of our Battalions, and the lots ot six millions of Crowns, sufficienlly refute the atrocious calumnies with which the author of the Au/ner to the Manfeflo of the Priory of llu(iia has endeavoured to load us The fallhood confutes itself; fmee it was notorious to every one, Lh.it the plan of the Invasion of Malta was projected at Paris, and that it was entrulied to the first Knights of the Order resident at Malta. They continually received letters written in cypher, without exciting any alarm either in the late Grand Master de Bo han, or in the Grand Mailer Hompefch.

After these irrefragable facts, judge, my Lord, whether the Maltese People will fee, without alloniftnnent, and with indifference, the authors of their misfortunes returning into their Country, to dispose of their interests? If we ourselves were willing to keep silence, the allies still warm of those who died to free and conquer their native Land, would cry out to us more etiectually to defend our Rights, and the -c a use of Truth.

VOL. 58.

Yes, my Lord, we dare to affirm, that the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem cannot be re-established in Malta, without invading the just rights of the augult defendants of Charles the Fifth, and the rights of the Maltese, and exposing the latter to new convulsions. The Maltese People, distinguished of old for their fidelity by their ancient Sovereigns, have been equally distinguished in thele late times by their energy and their love for Justice. They easily sacrifice their resent-menis, but they require that their sacrifices should be acknowledged. In proof of which, my Lord, permit us to recal to you <he quiet lub-million which the Maltese dilplayed in the Capitulation made by the English General with Monsieur Vaubois. Our blood, our labours, our rights, and all our interests, were either forgotten or despised. We beheld, with an exemplary calmness, commanding respect in those who witnessed it, the French lay down their arms upon the Glacis, only to load themselves with the remainder of our spoil; so that the faithful and virtuous Maltese was reduced to a condition to envy the lot of the guilty and rebellious. Would we could withhold from our defendants the knowledge of a Capitulation, which wounded our rights, and rendered us unhappy ! It is true, that the presence and the wisdom of Captain Ball, to whom we then preferred our complaints, contributed much to the alleviation of our distrefies; but, as i’ubl'equent events have neither seconded our expectations or our wants, we cannot conceal from you, my Lord, the unfavourable imprefiions which the Preliminaries of Peace have given us, of a Government, to which we have always been desirous to prove our attachment, our fidelity, and our preference.

We know, my Lord, that it is not for us to influence political trans-actions. Nature has detuned Malta to be determined by relation to its and its strength, and not to decide on its own arrangements. But it is, nevertheless, for policy to consider its numerous population. Russia, France, and all the other Powers of Europe, are too just and too enlightened to condemn the conduct of the Maltese, in their opposition to the re-establishiT.ent of an Order, which, by its tyranny, treachery, and corruption, is for ever incapable of inspiring confidence, or of conciliating the minds of the People.

If therefore, my Lord, the People of Malta are doomed, by inevitable and imperious circumftuuees, to endure the pain and affliction of being separated from the Empire of His Britannic Majesty, and if the tranquillity of Europe demands that the Islands of Malta and Gozo should be placed in a condition of neutrality, we entreat you, my Lord, in the name of our Cuuftituents, and of every thing moil dear and sacred among Men, in the name of the Rights of Nations and of Justice, to beseech His Britannic Majesty to vouchsafe to employ His efficacious and powerful mediation with the other Powers, in order that the Islands of Malta and Gozo may be left in the enjoy-

Dirtied by ment

I0T8 Appendix. 1803*

pendix,

S3

tfinjed.

ment of llieir independence, under the mutual guarantee of Great Britain and France, and not be treated as a conquered Country after that their Inhabitants have spilt their blood and exhausted their fob-fiance in its defence.

You must be sensible, my Lord, that, in our quality of Deputies, we could not avoid submitting to your Excellency the wishes and the intentions of our Nation. In citing a part of the crimes of the Order of St.John of Jerusalem, we have not merely fought to give vent to our feelings, but to jutcify, in the face of the whole Universe, our eternal opposition and vigorous reiiltance to it, should it ever dare to appear again aaaidft our hearths, still wet with the blood which it has eaufed to flow.

Deign, my Lord, to employ your credit with His Britannic Mar jessy, in favour of Justice, of Truth, of Humanity, and of a Nation worthy of a different fate; and accept, if you please, the homage of the raofl respectful devotion, with which we have the honour to be, My Lord,

Your mod humble

and mod obedient Servants,

Le Marquis Testaferrata.

L'Abbe Emanuel Ricaud.

1'Abbe Pierre Madia.

In transmitting to our lated descendants the dory of our Resolution, we shall tell them, that, without the assistance of Great Britain, our ruin mud have been inevitable; and the date of our happiness will be the date of the protection with which your Excellency has

honoured us.

We entreat you, my Lord, to permit us, at a seasonable opportunity, to lay before you that which would complete the felicity of the Maltese Nation; and to accept, if you please, the homage of the lively gratitude and respe&fui devotion, with which we have the honour to be,

My Lord,

Your mod humble and

mod obedient Servants,

Le Marquis Tefiafcrrata.

L'Abbe Madia, Depute*.

L'Abbe Ricaud, Depute. Antoine Madia, Depute.

Ph. Caftagna, Lieut. & Depute. Michel Cackia, Depute.

To II. E. Lord Hobart,

Minister of H. B. M.

id March 1802. Upper Berkley-dreet, No. 7.

Ph. Cajlagna, Lieut, des Villes, &c. Antoine Madia, Jurat du Goze. Michel Cachia, Representant.

London, 2d April 1802.

No. 3.

Minute of the Measures taken respecting M. Chepy.

No. 2.

Translation of a Letter from the Maltese Deputies to Lord Hobart; dated 2d April 1802.

My Lord,

' The Deputies of the Blands of Malta and Gozo have the honour of presenting to your Excellency the wanned thanks for all that you have deigned to do in favour of their Nation. We are not ignorant, my Lord, of all that you mud have had to overcome, in order to insure the tranquillity and happiness of our Country. The defence of it, which you have been plealed to undertake, is worthy the loyalty and magnanimity of your Nation. Being unable tD have the honour of forming a part of the Empire of His Britannic Majesty, by a faithful fuhmillion, we shall have that of being always united to it by an afte&ionate gratitude.

On the 14th of November 1802, a Letter was written by Sir George Shee, under Lord Pelham’s direction, to General Gordon, commanding at Guernsey; which dated, that His Majesty had refused to allow any of the Persons dyling themselves " Conimifiaries of Commercial Relations," to exercise any of the functions appertaining to that Office within His Majesty s Dominions. On the 5th of February 1803, General Gordon was instructed to represent to M. Chupv, that as none of the Commissaries of Commercial Relations had been permitted to proceed to the places of their dedination, and that some of them had actually returned to France, it would be advisable for him also to repair to that Country.—On the 9th of March following, General Gordon was directed to order M. Chepy to quit Guernsey without delay, if he had not already taken his departure from it.

icndix,

o- 54-) Mail.

Mercurii, 18° die Maii, 1803.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of so much of His ^fajeAy's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November lad, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the Facility and Accommodation that may be confident with the Security of the Public Revenue.

RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, except Corn and Grain); and on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within the same; and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Great Britain; and the Tonnage Duties payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in Great Britain, granted by an Act, passed in the forty-second year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do ceaie and determine; and that the# several and respective Duties and Drawbacks following be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A Schedule of toe D UTIES of CUSTOM S payable on the Importation into Great Britain’, of certain Goods, Wares, and Mcr* chandize, therein enumerated or described; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

Also, of the Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain:

likewise, of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coatlwife, or from Port to Port, within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

And also, of the several TONNAGE DUTIES payable on Ships or Vessels Inwards, Outwards, or Coastwise, in Great Britain.

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Acacia -Acorus -Adianthum -Agaric ... Aikanet Root -Alkekengi Bacc®

Alkermes; viz.

-----Confe&io

-----Syrup

Almouds; viz.

----- Bitter -

— -----Jordan -

— of any other fort

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb. the cwt.

- the lb.

- the lb.

the o*. troy - the lb.

- the cwt,

- the cwt. the cwt.

Duty.

O

o

0

1 o o

o

o

o 11

» 4

0178 2180 1 8

Drawback.

£■ *■ d. 006 0 0 2 OOI

O O O O

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Aloes; viz.

— Socotorina, imported directly from the place of their growth - - the lb.

- - - - not imported directly from the place of their growth - - the lb.

-----of any other fort -

Alum -

-----Plume Alum ...

*---Roch Alum -

Amber, rough -Ambergris -

Ambra Liquids - .

Anacardiuin -Anchovies -

Angelica

- the lb.

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- the cwt.

the lb. the oz. troy the lb. the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Duty. Drawback.

£■ «• 4 Trn

0 1 4 0 0 9

O4O 0 2 4

OO8 004

0 10 6 0 6 2

0 0 2 0 0 1

046 0 2 0 c

0 0 0 0 0 0

026 0 1 4

0 3 * 0 1 \

0 t 0 0 0 6

003 0 0

003 0 0

?Ie

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1079

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Annotto - -

Antimonium; viz.

—-----Crudum -

Preparatum or Stibium -

the cwt.

the cwt. - the lb.

Apples ----- the bushel

- ...... dried ----- the bushel

Aqua-fortis ----- the cwt.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under licence for exportation to Africa - for every £. 100

of the value

Argol - - the cwt.

Ariitolochia - * - - - - the lb.

Arrow-root ----- the lb.

----- imported from any of the British Plantations in America - - - the lb.

Arsenic ----- the cwt.

Afla-fcetida, imported directy from the place of its growth - the lb.

----- not imported directly from the place of its

growth - the lb.

Afarum-root ----- the lb.

Allies: viz.

— Fechia ----- the cwt.

-----Pearl and Pot * - - - - the cwt.

• - - of the British Plantations in Ame-

rica, and imported from thence, the cwt.

-----Soap, Weed and Wood - the cwt.

Afphaltus ----- the lb.

B.

Bacon ----- the cwt.

Baluftia ----- the lb.

Bails; viz. WalhingBalls - - - the lb.

Ball am; viz.

-----Artificial - - - - the lb.

-----Canada ----- the lb.

-----Copaiba or Capivi - the lb.

-----Natural ----- the lb.

Bandftring Twill - the dozen knots

BariHa ...... the cwt.

Bark; viz.

—— 0*ik (when the price is such as to allow the importation) ----- the cwt.

— Black Oak or Quercitron, for the purpose of dy-

ing, imported from any Country, not in Europe, in calks not lets than i=;o lbs.net, the cwt.

— — Red Mangrove, imported in calks not leis.than

150 lbs. net - the cwt.

Basket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding 3 feet in circumference at the band Baskets; viz. Hand Baskets - - - the dozen

Bast Ropes ...... - the cwt.

Battery ----- the cwt.

Bdellium, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb. the 1,000

the lb.

the barrel q* 32 gallons the barrel q1 32 gallons

growth

Beads; viz.

* --Amber Beads

-----Coral Beads

-----Crystal Beads

----- Jet Beads

Beer; viz.

-----Mum

----- Spruce Beer

-----or Ale, of all other forts, the barrel ql 31 gallons

Benjamin - - the lb.

Berries; viz.

——-----Bay - the cwt.

-----Juniper ----- the cwt.

— -----Myrtle ...... the lb.

* ---—Yellow, for Dyers use - - the cw t.

— ----- for Dyers use, not otherwise enumerated or described - - - the cwt.

Bezoar Stones - the oz. troy

Birds; viz. Singing Birds - - - the dozen

Bitumen Judaicum ----- the [b.

Blacking ----- the cwt.

Bladders ----- the dozen

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole Books; viz.

— -----bound -

— -----unbound -

Borax; viz.

— -----refined -

unrefined or Tincal

- the cwt.

the cwt.

- the cwt.

the lb.

the lb. - the lb.

Botargo -Bottles; viz.

-—— of Earth or Stone - the dozen

—-----of Glass, covered with Wicker, the dozen quarts

— of green or common GJafs, full or empty, not of less content that one pint, and not being phials the dozen quarts

Duty.

Drawback.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d.

1 3 4 —"

O 6 8 —

O 0 2 O 0 1

O 2 0 —

O 4 0 —

O 8 4

2 0 0

O 2 4 —

0 0 4 O 0 2

O 0 2 —

O 0 1 —.

O 7 6 —

O 0 4 O 0 2

O 1 0 0 0 6

O 0 4 0 0 2

O 4 6 0 2 0

O 3 6 ——

O 1 0 - -

O 1 0 —

0 0 4 0 O 2

2 16 0 _ _.

O 0 4 0 O 2

O 0 8 ——

O 0 0 0 1 0

O 0 6 0 O 2

O 1 c* 0 O 6

O 1 9 0 1 0

O 2 0 0 0

O 7 8 0 5 0

O 0 4 —

O 0 6 —

O 0 3 —

O 1 10 0 1 4

O 1 0 0 0 8

O 2 4 —

2 17 2 2 0 8

O 0 4 O 0 2

O 1 0 0 0 6

O 6 0 O 4 2

O 9 5 O 4 2

O 16 10 O 11 8

0 1 10 O 1 3

O 13 8 0 7 10

O 16 7 0 11 0

O 8 6 0 6 0

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 6 2 —

0 6 0 0 3 3

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 17 2 —

0 H 0 —

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 4 3 0 2 3

0 0 4 0 0 2

2 1 0 1 13 3

O 0 2 0 0 1

O 4 6 0 2 4

4 0 0 —*

3 0 0 —

0 0 8 0 O 4

0 0 4 0 O 2

0 0 7 —

0 1 10 0 1 0

0 13 4 0 7 7

0 5 0

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Bowls or Buckets of Wood - - - the dozen

Boxes; viz.

-----Nell Boxes, the gross q* 12 dozen nests, each

nest q* 8 boxes

-----Pill Boxes, the gross q* dozen nests, each

nest q* 4 boxes

-----Sand Boxes - the gross q* 12 dozen boxes

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glals, the gross q* 12 bundles or deckers, each bundle or decker ql 1 o necklaces Bread or Biscuit ----- the cwt.

Bricks ...... the 1,000

Brimllone ----- the cwt.

Bristles; viz.

-----dressed - the dozen lbs.

- - - of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in a British-built Ship - the dozen lbs.

-----rough or undressed - - the dozen lbs.

----- of Muscovy or Russia, not

imported in a British-built Ship - the dozen lbs.

Brooms; viz. Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, the dozen Bugle; viz.

the lb.

- the lb.

- the load q1 63 bundles

- the cw t.

C.

Cables, tarred or untarred - the cwt.

Calamus ----- the lb.

Calicoes, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, imported from Europe, under licence, for exportation to Africa - - for every £.100 of the value

Calves Velves - the cwt.

Camomile Flowers ----- the lb.

Camphire; viz.

-----refined, imported di redly from the place of

its growth - - the lb.

- - - - not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

— - - —■ unrefined, imported directly from the place of its growth - - the lb.

- - — not imported directly from the place

----- great

----- linall or feed

Bull Rulhes Butter -

of its growth Cancrorum Oculi -

Candles; viz.

-----of Spermaceti - -

----- of Tallow -

-----of Wax -

Candlewick -Canella Alba -Canes; viz.

----- Rattans, -

-----* Reed Canes - -

----- Walking Canes -

the lb. the lb.

the lb. the cwt.

the lb. the cwt. the lb.

the 1,000 the 1,000 the 1,000 - the dozen «* the lb. - - - the lb.

the 1,000

- for every f. 100 of the value - the lb. - the dozen packs - the oz, troy

Cans of Wood Cantharides Capers

Capita Papaverum Caps of Cotton -Cardamoms

Cards; viz. Playing Cards Carmine -

Carpets, of Turkey, containing less than 4 yards square,

the carpet

containing wards

Casks, empty Cassia Buds

----- Fiftula

----- Lignea

Castor

t yards square, or up-the carpet the tun q* 252 gallons the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb. the lb,

Catlings, or Lutcftrings - the gross ql 12 dozen knots Caviare ----- the cwt.

Cheese ----- the cwt.

Cherries - - - - ‘ - - the cwt.

China-root, imported directly from the place of its growth the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of

its growth the lb*

China-w are or Porcelaine, not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Cider - - - - the tun q* 252 gallons

Cinders - thechalder q1 36 bushels Winchester measure Cinnabaris Nativa - the lb.

Cinnamon; viz.

-----of the produce of, and imported from any

British Colony or Plantation in America,

the lb.

-----imported under licence - - the lb.

Civet ----- the 02. troy

Cloves; viz.

-----of the produce of, and imported from any

British Colony or Plantation in America,

GAelh.

uU

Duty.

Drawback.

£• 8. d. c s. d.

O 1 2 0 0 10

O l6 10 0 11 8

O 3 O 0 1 3

O 5 3 0 3 11

O 5 6 0 3 6

O 2 4 0 1 8

O 13 6 0 6 8

O 8 8 0 6 6

O 6 9 0 a 6

O 6 11 0 2

O 2 0 0 1 3

0 2 2 0 1 3

O 0 5 0 0 1

O 1 10 0 1 6

O 3 0 0 2 5

O 7 3 0 3 11

O 3 2 0 2

O 13 0 —

O 0 3 0 0 3

2 10 0 -■

O 7 0 0 5 O

O 0 2 0 0 1

O 0 11 0 O 6

O 2 6 0 l 4

O 0 7 Q 0 3

O 1 4 O 0 S

6 0 8 0 0 4

0 1 8 -M

1 18 0 —

0 1 6 —

2 1 4 1 8 0

0 0 3 O n- 2

1 1 0 O 15 3

0 16 4 O 9 9

2 8 9 1 i7 3

0 1 2 O 0 10

O 1 10 0 0 8

O 0 3 O 0 1

O 2 2 O 1 - 1

53 0 0 41 10 0

O 1 0 0 0 6

2 8 0 ■—

0 1 6 —

O H 1 0 7 6

2 15 0 2 0 0

O 10 0 0 7 6

O 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 4 0 0 2

O 1 2 —

O 2 6 O 1 4

O 3 6 O 2 2

O 7 3 —

0 2 8 —

0 8 3 —

0 0 7 O 0 4

0 1 7 0 0 10

50 0 0 36 n 0

7 7 0 5 3 3

0 13 4 —

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 1 6

0 5 4 0 4 0

0 a 6 0 1 4

k 0 0 2 5

Appe. (No. i8# A

contin

1080

Appendix.'

A. 1803.

:ndix,

•54)

Mail,

inued.

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof continued.

Schedule (A.) INWARD S.

Cloves; viz.

imported under licence -

the lb.

Coal* - the chalder ql 36 buftiels Winchester measure Cochineal ----- the lb.

Cocoa Nuts - the lb.

-----on importation to be secured in Ware-

houses - the cwt.

-----when taken out of such Warehouses to be

used in Great Britain - - the lb.

Coculus Indicus, imported directly from the place of its growth - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of

its growth - the lb.

Coffee ----- (he lb.

----- on importation to be secured in Warehouses,

the cwt.

----- when taken out of such Warehouses to be used in Great Britain - the lb.

Coloquintida, imported directly from the place of its growth - the lb.

----- not imported directly from the place of

its growth - the lb.

Columbo Root - - - - the lb.

Comfits - - - - the lb.

Copper; viz.

-----ore, -

----- the cwt. umvrought; viz. Copper, Bricks, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper - the cwt.

- - - - - Copper in plates and Copper

Coin

-----part wrought; viz. Bars

hammered or raised Copperas; viz.

-----Blue -

-----Green

-----\\ bite

Coral; viz.

—— in fragments

----- whole, polished

— - unpolished

the cwt. Rods, or Ingots, - - the cwt.

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the lb. the lb.

- the lb.

the cwt. the cwt. the gross of 12 dozen

Duty.

Drawback.

0

1

o

Cordage, tarred, or untarred Cork -Corks ready mado Corn; nz.

-----Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer

or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peaie, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize except from Ireland, the Province of Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America; viz.

Wheat, if the district price at the port of importation is,

- - - - under 50 s. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

- - - - at or above 50s. but under 545*. per quar-

ter, first low duty - - the quarter

* * - - at or above 54 s. per quarter, second low duty - the quarter

-----Rye, Pease, Beans, if the district price at the port

of importation is,

-----under 34 s. per quarter, high duty, the quarter

- - - at or above 346'. but under 37.v. per quarter,

first low duty - the quarter

-----at or above 37 5. per quarter, second low

duty - - - - the quarter

—- Barley, Beer or Bigg, if the district price at the port of importation is,

- - - - under 25 s. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

-- - - atorabove 25 s. but under 27*. per quarter, first low duty - - the quarter

- - - - at or above *27 s. per quarter, second low

duty - the quarter

.-----Oats, if the district price at the port of importa-

tion is,

-----under 175. per quarter, high duty, the quarter

- - - atorabove 174*. hut under 185. per quarter,

first low duty - - - the quarter

- - - at or above 18 s. per quarter, second low

<^ty - the quarter

— Wheat-meal and Flour, if the district price of

Wheat at tiic port oi importation is,

...... under 50s. per quarter, high duty,

the cwt.

----- at or above 50 s. hut under 544*. per

quarter, first low duly - the cwt. ----- at or above 54s. per quarter, second

low duty - the cwt.

- Indian Corn or Maize, it the district price of Bar-

ley at the port of importation is,

-----lin(i"r per quarter, high duly - the quarter

- - - at or above 754. but under 27s. per quar-

ter, Li 4^ low duty - - the quarter I

. d.

3 3 7 o o 10

o 6

0 2

1 o

2 6

.O 5

o 6 o 5

0 9

1 10

0 8

1 6

0 6

1 o

9 4

18 8

3 o

2 1

7 0

o G 6 10

3 4 13 o

4 10 o 8

4 3

2 6

0 6

2 O

1 6

0 3

2 o

1

0

6

1

0

6

1

1

2

s. d.

2 5

1 o

o 4 ° 5

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Corn; viz. ...

Indian Corn or Maize, if the district: price of Barley at the port of importation is,

- - - at or above 27 s. per quarter, second low duty - - - the quarter

Oatmeal, if the district price at the port of'importation is,

under 165. per boll of 140 lbs. avoirdu-poise, or 128 lbs. Scotch troy, high duty - - - - the boll

at or above 16.5. hut under 17$. per boll, first low duty - - the boll

at or above 17$. per boll, second low duty - the boll

Wheat, Wheat-meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, from Ireland, the Province of Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America; viz.

-----Wheat, if the district price at the port of importation is,

- under 48 s. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

-----at or above 48 s. but under 525. per quarter, first low duty - - the quarter

-----at or above 526’. per quarter, second low

duty - the quarter

Rye, Pease, Beans, if the district price at the port of importation is,

- - under 32s. per quarter, high duty, the quarter

-----at or above 32 s. but under 3jS. per quar

ter, iirfl low duty - - the quarter

-----at or above 35 s. per. quarter, second low

duty - - . - the quarter

-----Bailey, Beer or Bigg, if the district price at the

port of importation is, under 245. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

at or above 24s. but under 26.s. per quarter, first low duty - the quarter at or above 26s. per quarter, second low duty - - - - the quarter

Oats, if the district price at the port of importation is,

under 16s. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

— at or above 16 s. but under 17 s. per quarter, first low duty - - the quarter

-----at or above 17 a*, per quarter, second low

duty - - - - the quarter

Wheat-meal and Flour, if the district price of Wheat at the port of importation is,

under 48 s. per quarter, high duty, the cwt

at or above 48.9. but under 526*. per quarter, full low duty - the cwt at or above 526'. per quarter, second low duty - the cwt,

Indian Corn or Maize, if the district price of Barley at the port of importation is, under 24s. per quarter, high duty - the quarter

at or above 24.v. hut under 265. per quarter, first low* duty - - the quarter

at or above 2Gs. per quarter, second low duty - the quarte:

Oatmeal, it the district price at the port of importation is, under 15,9. per boll, of 140 lbs. avoir-dupoile, or 128 lbs. Scotch troy high duty - the boll

at or above 155. but under ids. per boll, lirll low' duty - - the boll

- - — - at or above ilia. per boll, second low

duty -Cornu Cervi Calcinatum -

Cortex

Costus

vi z.

Angustura; -Cariophvlloides -Kleuthenue -Guaiaci -

Limonnm or Aurentiorum Peruvianas or Jeluits Bark -Simarouba -W interanus -

Duty.

d.

the boll

- the lb,

«• the lb.

- the lb. the cwt the cwt.

the lb. the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or de-lcribed - - for every/. 100 of the value

£0W-Uch. - - the lb.

owries, imported from Europe under licence for exportation to Africa - for every f. 100 of the value Cranberries - - \ . the ,alion

ZZTi Trr the cwt.

Cry lmi, in broken pieces - . - -the lb.

8 o

o 6

Drawback.

£■ *• d.

143

026

006

1 6

003

067

1 0

6 6

0 2

1 2

003

1 0

0

0

1

0

12

id

0

1 o 0 0

0

0

0

o

p

0

0

0 6 0 2 6 4 8 10 0 1 0 6 0 3 0 2 0 3

10

0

0 I

0 0

!■ ft

4$ Geo. III.

Appendix*

1081

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

; 3

,v-; . /'•

J

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Cubebs ----- the lb.

Cucumbers, pickled - the gallon

Culm - the chalder q* 36 bushels Winchester measure Currants; viz.

----- imported in a British-built Ship - the cwt.

-----not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

Cm tie Bones - the 1,000

Cyperus - the cwt

D.

Dates ----- the cwt.

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious Stones and Jewels - for every £. 100 of

the value

Dice - - . - the pair

Dittany - the lb.

Down ----- the lb.

-----of Muscovy or R’. flia, not imported in a British-

buiLt Ship - the lb.

Drawings, coloured - - - - , - each

----- plain ----- each

E.

Earthen Ware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every /. too of the value Eels; viz. Quick Eels - - the ship’s lading

Eggs - the 100, q* 6 icore

Elephants Teeth ----- the cwt.

Enamel -Etknce; viz.

-----of Bergamot -

-----of Lemon

Euphorbium

- the lb.

- the lb.

the lb. * the lb.

F.

Fan-mounts of Leather - for every £. 100 of the value Feathers; viz.

-----lor Beds the cwt

-----of Muscovy or Russia, not imported

in a British-built Ship - the cwt.

—-----Ostrich or Eft ridge, dressed - - the lb.

... - undressed - the lb.

-----Vulture - - for every/. 100 of the value

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Figs, imported in a British-built Ship - the cwt. .—— nut imported in a British-built Ship - the cwt. Fish; viz. Erefli Eilh, British taken, and Eilh British taking and curing., imported in British-built Ships or Vessels - Duty free, flannel ----- the yard

Flax; viz.

-----diefi'ed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- - - not imported in a Britishi-built Ship,

the cwt.

> rough or undressed -

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

Flocks

Frank incense -

Furriers Waite, lit only for making glue G.

Galanga, imported 'directly from the place of its growth,

the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

growth ----- the lb. Galbanum, imported directly from the place of its growth - - - - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

growth Galls -

Gamboge Garnets; viz.

-----cut -

— -----rough

Gauze of Thread -Gentian Ginger; viz.

— ----- of the British Plantations

-—— not of the British Plantations preservd -

the lb.

- the cwt.

the lb.

• - * the lb.

- the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

the lb.

the cwt. the cwt. * the lb. - the lb.

50

8

o

2

o

o

o

o

90

Ginseng Glass; viz.

-----broken, fit only to be re-manufactured - the cwt.

"----- Plate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures,

not otherwise enumerated or described, - for every £. 100 of the value Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue - the cwt. Glue

Grains; viz. Guinea Grains Greaves for dogs -Grease -

Gum; Viz.

- Ammonixcus, imported directly from the place of \t$ growth - - the lb.

Vol. 58.

the cwt.

the lb. the cwt. the cwt.

Duty.

o

35

35

o

o

o

40

o

17°

o

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

s. d. £■ s. d.

0 3 O 0 2

1 0 —

0 0 —

7 2 1 1 9

8 10 1 1 9

7 6 O 5 3

9 4 O 5 0

15 3 2 3 3

0 0 _

15 9 —

0 6 0 0 2

0 8 0 0 5

0 9 0 0 5

1 8 —

0 10

0 0 40 0 0

0 0 —

0 6 —

7 0 1 4 5

4 3 O 1 6

2 6 0 1 4

2 6 0 1 4

0 3 0 0 2

0 0 25 0 0

15 6 1 3 5

17 4 1 3 5

11 8 0 7 10

8 6 0 3 11

0 0 25 0 0

0 0 -5 0 0

13 4 0 9 2

13 9 0 9 2

0 9 0 0 5

12 3 417 0

17 6 417 0

0 3 —

11 3 0 7 10

6 2 0 3 2

12 3 ~

0 3 0 0 2

0 8 0 0 4

0 7 0 0 3

1 4 0 0 8

5 0 —

0 8 0 0 4

16 10 0 11 9

5 8 0 3 11

0 0 30 16 8

0 2 0 0 1

H 0 0 10 6

12 8 1 6 0

0 9 0 0 4

0 10 0 0 8

1 9 0 I 0

0 0 43 0 0

3 .0 0 1 3

7 0 0 4 0

0 3 0 0 2

1 2 0 0 10

1 0 —

0 6 0 0 3

♦ Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Gilm—continued.

— --Ammoniac us, not imported directly from the

place of its growth - the lb.

-----Animi - - the lb.

-----Arabic ...... the cwt.

-----Cashew ...... the cwt.

-----Copal *----- the lb.

-----Elemi - the lb.

----- Guaicum - - - * * the lb.

-----Lac; viz.

- - - Cake-lac * - - * the lb.

- - - Shellac or Seed-lac - * the lb.

- - - Stick-lac - the cwt.

-----Opopanax, imported directly from the place of

its growth - the lb.

*>----- not imported directly from the place of its growth - - the lb.

-----Sagapenum, imported directly from the place o!

its gftjwth - the lb.

- -----not imported dirtily from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

-----Sandrake or Juniper - - * the cwt.

-----Sarcocolla, imported directly from the place of

its growth - the lb.

----- - - not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

-----Senega ----- the cwt.

- - - - imported from Europe in a British-built

Ship - - - - the cwt.

— -Tacamahaca ----- the lb.

—— Tragacanth, imported directly from the place of

its growth - - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

-----not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wife charged with duty - for every £. 100

of the value

Gunpowder; viz.

-----Corn Powder - the cwt.

-----Serpentine Powder - - - the cwt.

Hair; viz. H.

-----Camel - - the lb.

----- Cow or Ox ...... the cwt.

-----Elk - the cwt.

—- Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool - - the lb.

-----Horse - - - the lb.

-----Homan the lb.

Hair Powder - - ~ * - the cwt.

— -----perfumed - - - the cwt.

Hand Scoops the dozen

Harp Strings - * the grok q* 12 dozen knots

Hats; viz.

—- Bait or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter - the dozen

.........- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

inches in diameter - the dozen —— Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter - the dozen ----- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

inches in diameter - the dozen

-----made of or mixed with Felt Hair, Wool, or

Beaver ...... the hat

Hay, the load q* 36 Trusses - each Truss ql 561bs. Heath for Brushes ----- the cwt.

Hellibore ----- the lb.

Hemp; viz.

-----dressed, imported in a British-built Ship - the

cwt.

- - - - not imported in & British-built Ship,

the cwt.

-----rough or undressed, imported in a British-built

Ship - the cwt.

-----..... not imported in a British-

built Ship - the cwt.

— -----.-of the produce of the British Plantations in America, the ton q* 20 cwt. Ilermoda&yl ----- the lb.

Hides; viz.

-----Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, hi the hair, and not

tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed the hide

-----..... ........ imported in a

British-built Ship - * the hide

...... tanned - the lb.

-----......... Tails, the 100 ql 5 (core

-----Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the hair, and not

tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed - the hide

.........- - -- - imported in a

British-built Ship - the hide

•----- - -......tanned the lb.

1± by Vji

Duty. Drawback.

le

£■ A

Appe

(No. 18* 1

conth

0 1 3 0 0 8

0 O 4 0 O 2

0 4 2 —

0 4 2 — 6

0 0 10 0 0

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 0 2 0 O 1

0 0 3 0 O Sh

0 4 8 —

0 2 0 0 1 O

0 4 10 0 2 9

0 0 3 0 O 3

0 1 3 0 O 8

0 10 6 0 4 8

0 6 5 0 0 3

0 I 3 0 0 8

0 4 2 —

1 0 0 -

0 1 0 0 0 6

a

0 0 6 0 0 2

0 1 0 0 0 6

35 0 0 25 0 0

2 4 8 1 11 3

1 < k 7 10 0 19

0 0 11 0 0 7

0 11 4> 0 7 6

0 10 6 0 7 8

0 0 2 —-

0 1 0 0 0 8

0 2 6 —

6 t> 0 —

8 8 0 —,

0 1 2 0 0 10

0 3 fi 0 2 2

0 6 0 —

0 12 a —

0 6 6 —

0 0 —

1 1 0 0 10 6

0 H 0 —

0 5 8 0 3 11

0 0 2 0 0 1

2 18 2 1 19 0

S 1 IO 1 0

0 5 6 0 3 4

0 5 8 0 3 4

0 5 0

Q 0 5 0 0 2

O 1 4 0 0 8

0 0 6

O 0 6

O 3 6 Q 9

O 1 4 O 9 8

O 0 6

■ O a 8

Appendix

1082

A. 1803,

:ndi*,

■ 54-)

Maii,

inued.

Dqtiei of Customs payable an the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—

Schedule (A.) I N W ARDS.

tfide9~—con/ in ued.

-----Lolh - . - the lb.

, Muscovy or Russia, tanned - the lb.

, raw or undrelfed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America - for every £. joo of the value -s— or pieces of Hides, raw or imdreljed, not particu-; lady enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such - for every £. too . of the value

—c.or pieces of Hides, tonned, tawed, or in any way dretled,.. not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as fuejb i; sots every £. too of the value

* - - r -. ?j - the too q* 5 score

Honey > - i. n ’». - - - the cwt.

Hoops; viz.

—-- of Iron , r -

-----*—of W ood - 1 -

Hops r - *!.!-.

Horns; viz.»

-----Buffalo, Cow, or Ox

•*-----— Hart or Stag

Horn Tips -

Horfies, Meres, or Geldings

J.

the cwt. the i,oooo the cwt.

the too q* 5 score the loo ql 5 icore the loo ql 5 Icore - each

the lb. the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb. the lb.

the 100 lbs. - the cwt.

Jalap

Jet t -

Incle;

-=•—; unvvroughfe —— wrought -

JnriitrRubbers, or Rurrachas Indigo -Ink, for Printers -Iron; viz.

—- in Bars, or unwrought, of the produce of any Bri-• tidi Colony or Plantation in America, upd iippQi'Usd from thence - the ton qr 20 cwt.

- - - - of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a

~ British-built Ship, the toi\ q* 20 cwt.

* - r u *» — — - 7----- — not im[)orted

in a British-buiU Ship - - the ton

■ . ql2qcwt.

v. , - - r of any other country, imported in a Bri-

tidi-built Ship - the toilq* 20_ cwt.

----- - - — - not imported

in a British-buili Ship - the ton t q*220 c\yt.

-*•—. Slit or hammered into Rods, and- Iron drawn or hammered less than j of an inch square,

- - - - of Muscovy or. Russia, imported in a British-built SJiip *>, - the cwt.

- - - * - > --- - -- - not imported

in a British-built Ship - the cwt.

- - - r of any other country -r - the cwt.

-----old broken and old Call iron the ton q* 20 cwt.

-----Ore. - - - r the ton ql 20 cwt.

i-----Pig Iron,"of the produce of any British Colony

or Plantation in America, and imported from thence - the ton ql 20 cwt.

r * - . - not the produce, of and imported from the British Plantations - the ton q* 20 cwt.

Ifmglass; viz.

-----of the produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence,

the cwt.

-----of any other fort - - - the cwt.

- the gallon - the lb.

the ton, ql 20 cwt.

Duty.

£■ s. d.

o 1 0

o o 10

3 14

Drawback.

£. s.d.

iuice of Lemons, Limes, or Orange!

Ivory - -

' K.

Kelp - * r - V

Lace* viz. L.

*—*• Silk Lact -

-----Thread Lace t

Lamp Black -Lapis; viz.

•—* Calaminaris- -

-----Contrayervae

-----—lazuli

-—~T utiafc > l^ard o- 3 - , -

Latten; viz.

-----Black

I—a—-Shfven 1 -* Lavender Flowers

Leath

—Black* * c

- for every £.

- for every £.

-vi

too of the value 100 of the value

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the 07*. troy

- the lb.

- - the lb-

- the cwt.

- the cwt. -> the cwt.

r . the lb.

* cr the cwt.

20 0 p 13 0 0

90 0 0 25 0 0

0 14 2 0 10 0

9 9 4 034

0140 —

0 7 10 Q 5 3

5 5 0 440

0 3 4 018

0 12 6 0 4 5

012 006

300 —

010 006

010 008

0 0 5 —

0 3 0 020

002 001

0126 —

0 12 0 0 7 10

0 13 0 —

3 17 * 2 12 8

4 12 6 2 12 8

3 17 * 2 12 8

10 3 2, 12 8

011 6 0 9 5

Q 12 0 9 9 5

011 6 0 9 5

0100 . —

050 0 2 6

046 —

<0 0 0 0 5 0

048

0140 —

0 0 6 0 0 3

030 0 2 O

1 2 8 0 15 0

20 0 0

20 0 0 —

210 1 13 3

048 - -

Q 1 0 006

008 004

O O 4 002

Q 4 8 —

0 16 10 0 12 3

1 IO 3 104

.90 5 003

Q .0 006

Shedule (A.) INWARDS.

Lead—continued.

-----Ore - the ton, ql 20 cwt.

-----Red ----- the cwt.

-----White ...... - the cwt.

Leather, any manufacture of Leather, or any manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of the value Leaves of Gold - the 100 leaves

leaves of Roles or Violets - - - the lb.

Lemons - the 1,000

-----Pickled - the ton q* 252 gallons

Lcntiles ----- the bushel

Lignum Quaflia ----- the cwt

Linen; viz.

-----Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French

Lawns - - the half piece q1 6 J ells

-----Cauvnfs; viz.

- - - - llellens Canvass or Dutch Barras - the

120 ells

- - - Parking Canvass, Guttings, Spruce, El-

,bing or Queensborough Canvass - the

120 ells

-----Damalk Tabling of the manufacture of the Batavian Republic; viz.

, -----not exceeding 1 cli -J- in breadth - the

yard

-----above 1 ell and under 2 ells in breadth,

the yard

- - . - of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and

under 3 ells - the yard

- - - -r of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the

yard

- - - - of the maqufatf ure of Silelia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or drfci ibed - the yard

-----Damalk Towelling and Napkining, of the manufacture of the Batavian Republic,

the yard

-----Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of Silelia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the yard

-----Diaper Tabling, of the manufacture of the

vian Republic; viz.

- — - — not exceeding 1 ell in breadth, the yard

- - - - above 1 ell j, and under 2 ells in breadth,

the yard

- - - - of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and

under 3 ells - - - the yard

- - - - of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the

yard

- - - of the manufacture of Silcfia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described - the yard

-----Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of the Batavian Republic, the

yard

-----Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of Silelia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the yard

-----Drillings and Pack Duck - - the 120 ells

-----Flanders Linen, and Linen of the manufacture ot

the Batavian Republic, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described; viz.

- - - - not exceeding 1 ell j in breadth, the ell

- - ■» above 1 ell and under 2 ells in breadth,

the ell

- - - - of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and

under 3 ells - the ell

- - - - of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the

ell

-----German, Switzerland, Eall Country (except

Rulha) and Silelia Cloth, plain; viz.

- - — not exceeding 31J inches in. breadth,

the 120 ells

- - - - above the breadth of 31J inches, and

not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 ells

-----above 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells

-----IlindeiJands, Brown, under 22j inches in breadth,

the i2P ells

-----Lawns; viz.

- - - - Silesia, and all other Lawns, plaiu (except Cambricks and French, Lawns) not bleached in the Batavian Republic, . the piece not exceeding 8 yards in

length

* - Silesia and all other Lawns, plain (except Cambricks and French Lawns)

, bleached in the Batavian Republic,

, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in

length

----- Oil Cloth, not exceeding yard-'v7<lfi , ? . the ell

...... - exceeding yard-wide - - the

euiized h

Duty. Drawback.

£• d. 7- >■ 7

1 2 4 0 15 8

050 9 2 5

962 0 ? n

90 0 p *5 9 0

016 0 1 0

004 0 0 3

0118 0 6 j

248 »3

040 —

2 46 0 1 f 0

0 7 9 05a

1 12 6 1 5 3

1 1 10 0 16 n

062 Q 4 IQ

9 7 P 5

0 8 Q 0 a

P 11 8 0 910

0 1 9 0 1 s

024 9 1

0 p 8 0 0 5

030 0 2 3

036 Q 2 6

0 3 10 0 2 10

0.5 6 0 4 4

9 I 6 0 0 n

0; 0 0 0 1

007 005

2 id 0 * 4 4

0 1 8 Q 1

p 1 M 0 1 5

0 22 9 1 7

0 3 2 0 2 5

1 15 9 7

3 JS 6 5 16 5

5 10 3 4 9 5

1 0 6 0 15 1

o 3

10

0

e 3 J

9 o 1 0 0

t

Gqq

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1083

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, kc. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

» u.. . * *.

;i

i 5

1

I i

-1

• 'j

'i;

Schedule (A.) INWARP.S.

- not exceeding 2 2 J

Linen—continued.

rr- ILullig. Linen, plain; viz.-

-----Towelling and Napkiniqg of the manufacture ot Uutlia, nut exceeding 22 g inches in breadth; viz.

- - imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

—— Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated or de* feribed,

inches in breadth,

- - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 ells

- - not importcdina British-buiLtShip,

the 120 ells

• — exceeding 22 J inches in breadth, and not exceeding gi A inches,

- imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - notimported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - - exceeding 31 A inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches,

- - imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

• - - exceeding 36* inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, x - - imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

' the 120 ells

- - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- — exceeding 45 inches in breackh, -

• - imported in a -Britiife-built Ship,

the 120 ells

notimportedina British-huilt Ship,

the 120 ells

-----Sail Cloth or Sail Duck; viz.

- - - — of the manufacture of the Batavian

Republic,

• - - not exceeding 36 inches in breadth - the

120 ells

- - - exceeding 36 inches in breadth - the

120 ells

- - — - of the manufacture of Russia,

-----not exceeding 36 inches in breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 ells

• - not imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

* the 120 ells

- - exceeding 36 inches in breAdth,

- - imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - not imported in a Britilli-built Ship,

the 120 ells

- - not otherwise enumerated or de

icribed,

«* - - not exceeding 36 inches in breadth - the 4 120 ells

-----exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120

ells

-----Sails - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Spanilhand Portugal Lineu, plain,

- - - not exceeding 36 inches in breadth - the

ell

• — exceeding 36 inches in breadth - the ell Linen, not being chequered or Aliped, or not being

printed, painted, trained, or dyed, alter the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn, beiore the manufacture, and not being otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Linen, chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained, or dyed, either after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the mariufariure, not being prohibited to be imported into, or worn, or uied in Great Britain, and not being otherwise particularly enumerated or de-

Duty.

£• ».

feribed Linseed Cakes Liquorice Powder

----- Root

Litharge; vk.

-----of Gold

*—»—of Silver Litmus -Lupines

for every £. 100 of the value - - the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

M.

Mace; viz.

of the pfoduce of, and imported from any Britishi Colony or Plantation in America - the lb. —imported under licence - - - - the lb.

o 19 3 100

0 19 9

1 o 7

ill 6

1 12 6

2 6 10

286

446

462

5 17 0 600

2 14 6 411 o

2 13 2 2 14 6

496

411 o

a 13 2

496

53 a o

o © 7 o © 10

Drawback.

£. i. d.

40 o o

14 2 14 2

15 1

2 7 2 7

13 11

13 11

6 11 6 11

9 5 9 5

o 5 o 3

3°

16 8

90 0 0 25 0 0

0 1 0 —

3 6 0 2 11 1

1 H 6 1 8 0

0 1 0 0 0 7

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 2 4 —

0 3 0 0 1 7

o 4 5

0 5 7

038

038

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Madder; viz.

-----Mull -

—-----Root -

of any other fort

the cwt, the cwt. the cwt.

- the lb. the piece

- the lb.

Manna Maps -Marmalade Maltich; viz.

-----Red, imported directly from th^ place of its

growth - the lb.

- - not imported directly from the place of its growth - - - the lb.

-----of any other fort, imported directly from the

place of its growth, the lb.

----- not imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

Mats; viz. -

-----of Russia, imported in a British-built Ship - the

100 q* 5 score

----- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 100 ql 5 score

Matting; viz.

—-----of Barbary or Portugal - «*■ the yard

-----of Holland - the yard

Mead * ..... the gallon

Medlars ----- the bushel

Mdalles; viz.

-----of the produce of, and imported from the Bri-

tiili Plantations in America - the cwt.

-----not the produce of, and imported from the

Britishi Plantations in America - the cwt. Mercury; viz.

-----Precipitate - the lb.

-----Sublimate - - the lb.

Metal; viz.

-----Beil Metal -

-----Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold)

prepared for Battery

- the cwt.

- the packet q* 250 leaves

- the cwt.

- the gallon

- the lb.

- tile lb.

Metheglin Millium Solis -Morells -

Moss j viz. Rock Moss, for Dyers use - the ton ql 20

cwt.

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough - - - the lb.

Mulk ----- the ounee troy

Myrobalans; viz.

- — >- •■ Candied, imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

- - - - not imported directly from the place of its growth - the lb.

-----Dry, imported directly from the place of

its growth - - the cwt.

---not imported directly from the place

of its growth - the cwt. Myrrh, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the lb.

----- not imported directly from the place of its

growth - the lb.

N.

the cwt,

Nardus Celtica -Nutmegs; viz.

-----of the produce of, and imported from any

British Colony or Plantation in America,

the lb.

-----—— imported under licence - the lb.

-----Candied - the lb.

Nuts; viz.

-----Chesnuts - the bushel

-----Piftachia Nuts, imported directly from the place

of their growth - the lb.

- ----- — not imported directly from the

place of their growth, the lb.

-----small Nuts - - - * - - the bushel

-----Walnuts - - - ’ the bushel

-----not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of the value Nux Vomica - the lb.

Q.

Oakum Oil; viz.

-----of Almonds

-----of Amber

-----of Anniseed

-----of Bay -

-----of Cajaputa

-----of Carr away

-----of Cafiia -

—4- of Castor

-----of Cinnamon

----- of Cloves -

— of Htmpfeed

- the cwt.

* - - - the lb.

- the lb.

- - - - the lb.

- - - - the cwt.

- the oz. troy

- - - - the lb.

- the oz. troy

* t - - the lb.

- the oz. troy

- - - the oz. troy

- the tun q* 252 gallons

GOO

Duty. Drawback.

£■ 9. d: £■ s. d.

0 0 4 —

O 2 8 —

O 2 8 —

O 0 8 0 0 4

0 O 8 —

O O 6 0 0 2

O O 4 0 0 2

O 1 0 0 0 6

O 0 8 0 0 4

O I 10 0 1 0

O *4 6 0 9 9

O 15 3 0 9 9

0 O 6 0 0 5

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 2 —

0 3 0 —-

0 4 6 0 2 3

0 H 2 0 11 5

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 11 10 0 6 6

0 © 3 0 0 2

2 0 6 1 8 11

O 0 2 —

O 0 3 0 0 2

0 1 6 0 1

1 1 4 —

0 0 5 0 0 3

0 2 6 0 1 4

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 5 0 —

0 10 0 —

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 1 9 0 0 1

0 11 10 0 6 2

0 4 2 0 1 10

0 3 4 0 1 10

0 1 1 0 0 7

0 2 0 0 1 3

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 1 6 0 0 8

0 1 0 0 0 5

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 0 6 0 0 2

0 3 0 0 2 O

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 3 2 0 1 8

0 2 3 0 1 0

0 15 6 0 5 10

0 1 $ 0 0 9

0 0 10 0 0 4

0 1 6 0 0 9

0 0 6 0 0 3

0 2 © 1 3

0 O 8 0 0 4

15 © 12 12 ©

Apr

(Nq

180

1084

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ndix,

54-)

VIait,

nve<L

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof-continued.

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Oil—continued.

-----of Jefiamine

-----• of Juniper

-----of Linseed

— of Mace -

-----of Marjoram

----- of Nutmegs

-----of Oranges

- the lb.

- - - the lb.

- the tun, q* 252 gallons

- the 02. troy

- the lb.

- the oz. troy

- the lb.

Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a British-built Ship, the tun q* 252 gallons

. ...... - - not imported in a Bri-

pfh-built Ship - the tun, q* 252 gallons of Palm the cwt.

Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described - the lb.

of Rapeseed - - the tun q* 252 gallons

Rock Oil ----- the lb.

of Rosemary - * - - - the lb.

of Rosewood ----- the lb.

Salad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the

gallon

- - - - - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the gallon

of Safiafras - - the lb.

Seed Oi), not otherwise enumerated or described, the tun q* 252 gallons of Spike - - the lb.

of Thyme - the lb.

Train Oil and Blubber; viz.

----- Blubber of Newfoundland, of British fishing - the tun q* 252 gallons

- - - - ...... --of any other fort, of British fishing - the tun ql 252 gallons

Spermaceti Oil, or Head-matter,

-----of British hiking, - the tun q* 252

gallons

----- - of Foreign hilling *- the tun q* 252

gallons

Train Oil or Fish Oil, of British fishing - the tun

ql 252 gallons

Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of Foreign hiking, the tun q* 252 gallons

- of Turpentine -

- of Vitriol

- Walnut Oil

Oker

the lb. - the lb. - the gallon - the cwt.

Olibanum, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the cwt.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

growth - - - - the cwt.

Olives - - - the hogshead, q* 63 gallons

Onions ----- the bushel

Opium, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

growth - - - the lb.

Orange Flower Ointment - the lb.

-----* Water - the gallon

Oranges ----- the 1,000

Orchal ...... the cwt.

Orchelia or Archelia - - -. the cwt.

Origanum - ...... the lb.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum - the cwt.

.Orrice or Iris Root - w- - - the cwt.

Orfcdew - - - - * «• - - the lb.

Oysters ...... the bushel

P.

PaiTs or Kits of Wood - the dozen

Painters Colours, of all forts, not otherwise enume

or described - - the lb.

Paper; viz.

Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any mixture of other materials therewith, the lb. Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper, or I Hangings - the square

X r ' " ~ 1V| V} Uvl

particularly enumerated or described, 01 otherwise charged with duty - the lb

' Mill Board* .... the cwt

--•---Paste Board* .... the cwt

-----Scale Board* - ... the cwt

Parchment the dozen, q' ia sheeti

WSj j ‘ ' * " - the bushe

-— dried the bushe

Pelhtory . ... . the lb

Pepper; viz.

'-----Cayenne Pepper - ... the lb.

-----Guinea Pepper . .. the lb

Doty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £■ d.

020 OlO

008 0 0 4.

28 11 6 ‘ 12 9 0

010 006

017 0 0 10

010 00 6

0 111 010

9126 649

10 1 bo 649

0 <0 0 048

020 010

28 11 61 22 9 0

0 0 5 002

010 006

011 6 0 3 4

026 0 111

027 0 1 11

014 008

16 14 0 12 14 0

007 003

017 0010

0 4 3 —

0 10 6 —

220 —

22 1 0 H 14 0

0 15 9 —

2100 14 0 0

003 —

002 001

026 016

040 02 6

* 5 4 0 14 0

3116 220

3 3 0 111 6

006 —

022 010

056 030

008 004

016 008

oil 8 062

050 —

050 —

002 001

0 17 0 0 5 10

0 17 0 094

008 005

008 —*

024 I 018

004 .002

006

1 0 0 9 > —

, 0 1 c > —

.22c > —

22c > —

.22c > —

\ 0 6 c > —

I O 2 1€ > —

I 0 3 1C ) —

0 0 i tool

0 2 < >016

Q 0 f 0 0 2

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Pepper—continued.

Long Pepper

- the lb*

- the tun q* 252 gallons - the cwt.

Perry

Pewter, old -Pickles, of all forts, not otherwise enumerated or described - the gallon

Pictures; viz.

-----under two feet square - - the picture

-----of two feet square, and under four feet square,

the picture

of four feet square or upwards

- the picture

- the lb. - the lb. - - the lb.

Pimento; viz.

-----of the British Plantations

-----not of the British Plantations

Pink-Root -

Pitch; viz.

-----of the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain - the lait q* 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding

311 gallons

-----not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain,

----- imported in a British-built Ship, the

lull q‘ 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 3gallons ----- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the lad q1 12 barrels, each Uanil not exceeding 31$ gallons

-----Burgundy Pitch - the cwt*

Plaster of Paris - the cwt.

Plate; viz.

-----of Gold ...... the oz. troy

-----of Silver gilt - the oz. troy

-----part gilt f the oz. troy

- - - - ungilt - the oz. troy

Platters of Wood - the dozen

Platting, or other manufactures of Bail, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets - the lb. Plums, dried ----- the lb.

Polypodium ----- the lb.

Pomegranates - the 1,000

-----Peels of - - - the cwt.

Potatoes ...... the cwt.

Pots; viz.

— Melting Pots for Goldsmiths - - the 100

-----of Stone - - for every £. 100 of the value

Powder of Brass for japanning - the lb.

Prints; viz.

— Paper Prints, plain - - - the piece

Prunelloes - - the lb.

Primes - - the cwt.

Pfylium ----- the lb.

Doty. Drawback.

£ *. d. £• d.

OO4 002

10 10 0 7 7 0

0 17 f> 0 12 6

016 —

2 2 0 —

4 4 0 ,

660 —

0 0 6 0 0 5

OOp 008

O O 4 0 0 2

Quicksilver Quills; viz.

-----Goose Quills

Swan Quills

Quinces

Radix;

- the lb.

the 1,000 the 1,000 the 100

R.

o 15 9

0 17 4

18

7

1

0 10

0 11 2

«73 0 3 9 036 026 010

o 18 o 8

VIZ.

-----Contrayervjc - the lb.

-----Enulne Canipanae - - - the cwt.

-----Eringii - the lb.

-----Ipecacoanbae - - - - the lb.

-----Seneka) ----- the lb.

-----Serpentariae or Snake Root - - the lb.

Rags old, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafie Board - the ton q*

20 cwt.

Raifms; viz.

-----Belvidere Raifms, imported in a British-built

Ship - - the cwt.

----- - - - - not imported in a British-

built Ship - the cwt.

-----Denia Raisins, imported in a British-built

Ship - - the cwt.

- - - - not imported in a British-built Ship - the cwt.

-----Faro Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

----- not imported in a British-built

Ship - - the cwt.

---— Lexia Raifms, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

----- not imported in a British-built

Ship - - the cwt.

--- Lipari Raifms, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

...... - - not imported in a British-built

Ship - - - - the cwt.

0 1 2

0 1 10

50 0 0;

0 3 3

0 0 10

0 0 7

0 16 3

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 10

0 6 10

0 2 4

0 0 9

0 8 0

0 0 2

0 2 2

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 15 9

0 13 2

0 13 4

0 12 0

0 12 2

0 13 2

0 13 4

0 13 8

0 13 10

0 13 2

0 13 4

0 11 0 4 0 0

0 0

0 2

-D- by

009

003 0 0 1

0-0 2 083 0 0 1

0 0 0

0 0 5 0 1

0 0 4

0 4

o 0 1 Q 1 1 0 0 2 0 0

0 9 0 0 9 0 0 8 1 0 8 0 9 0 0 9 0 0 9 0

0 9 0 9

0 9

j J •

I i'i,

i i,

1 :1

j

3

3 } ‘

) I’’

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1085

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

Schedule (A.) I N W A R D S.

Raifins—continued.

-----Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built

hip - - the cwt,

----- - not imported in a British-

7 built Shij> - the cwt

•-----of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

-----not imported in a British-built

Ship ... the cwt.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described,

...... imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

----- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

Rape Cakes ----- the cwt. Rapeot Grapes - - the tun ql 250 gallons

Rennet -Retina Jalappae -Rhinehurlt -Rhubarb -Rice -

-----of the growth and production of

the gallon

- the lb.

- the cwt.

the lb. the cwt. any of the

British Plantations in America, imported into the Porta of Plymouth, Exeter, Pool, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the Members thereunto belonging, and into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for the purpose oi Exportation,

the cwt.

Rosin of the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain,

the cwt.

-----not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain,

- - - imported in a British-built Ship - the cwt.

- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

S.

Saccharum Saturni Safflower ——

Saffron -

Sago -

Sal; viz.

-----Ammoniacus

-----Gem -

-----Limonum, or Acetofella

— Prunellae Succini

the lb. the cwt. the lb. the lb.

the lb. the cwt. the lb. the lb.

__________ the lb.

alep or Salop, imported directly from the place of its growth - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

Salt, imported in a British-built Ship, the wey ql 40 bushels, each bulfiel ql 5G lbs.

-----not imported in a British-built Ship, the wey ql

40 hulhels, each bushel q* 56 lbs. saltpetre ----- the cwt.

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly from the place of its growth - - the lb.

__________not imported directly from the place

the lb. the lb. the cwt.

the cwt. the lb.

iaufages or Puddings - - - - the lb.

•cammony, imported directly from the place of its growth - - - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of

its growth - - - the lb.

iconps of Wood - the dozen

>ea Cow, Sea Horfp, or Sea Morse Teeth - - the lb.

seed; 1iz.

the lb.

- the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- - the cwt.

- the lb. the cwTt.

the quarter q* 8 bushels the cwt. the cwt. the lb. the lb. the cwt. the bushel. the cwt,

of its growth -

tarfaparilla -lalfafras -sunders; viz.

-----Red -

-----White or Yellow -

• Ammi Seed -

— Anniseed

— Canary Seed

— Carraway Seed -

— Carthamus Seed

— Clover Seed

— Cole Seed

— Coriander Seed -

— Cummin Seed

— Daucus or Carrot Seed

— Fennel Seed -

— Fenugreek Seed - -

— Flax Seed

— Furze Seed -Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty ----- the lb.

— Hemp Seed - - the quarter ql 8 hulhels

- - of and from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the quarter cj* 8 bushels

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. (I. £ s. d.

O 15 6 O 11 5

O 15 10 0 11 5

1 6 3 O 18 10

1 6 8 0 18 10

0 12 0 O 8 1

0 12 2 0 8 1

0 1 0 —

6 16 6 4 4 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 4 0 0 2 1

0 7 9 0 4 2

0 2 4 0 1 0

0 4 8 0 4 0

0 0 8 —.

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 2 10 0 0 1

0 3 0 0 2 1

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 5 0 —

0 4 0 0 1 8

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 1

0 4 8 —

0 2 6 0 1 3

0 0 n O 0 0 2

0 1 6 0 0 9

0 0 6 0 0 2

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 5 0 0 3 6

0 5 6 0 3 6

0 0 3 —

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 2 6 0 1 4

0 O 9 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 1 7

0 2 4 —.

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 O 6 —

0 3 6 0 1 8

0 9 0 0 5 0

0 1 3 0 0 10

0 1 0 0 0 7

0 0 3 0 0 2

1 7 9 1 1 8

1 1 0 0 H 7

0 6 3 0 3 4

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 5 9 0 2 6

0 16 8 0 12 9

0 5 9 0 0 11

0 9 6 0 4 11

0 0 4 0 0 *2

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 4 6 0 2 3

0 0 3 —

0 0 4 —

0 0 3 0 0 1

0 10 8 0 9 2

'0 0 5 —

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Seed—continued.

-----Linseed - the bushel

----- Lucerne Seed - the cwt.

-----Maw Seed - the cwt.

-----Millet Seed - the cwt.

—— Mullard Seed - - the cwt.

-----Onion Seed - the cwt.

-----Piony or Peoni Seed - the lb.

-----Rape Seed - - the quarter q* 8 bushels

-----Worm Seed, imported directly from the place of

its growth - - the lb.

----- not imported directly from the place of its growth - - the lb.

-----not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty - - for every

£. 100 of the value Sena, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place of its

growth ...... the lb.

Sheeps Guts dried, to make Whips - - - the gross

ql 12 dozen

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Shovels of W ood, unfhod - the dozen

Shruff or old Brass, lit only to he re-manufactured,

the cwt.

Shumac or Sumach - the cwt.

Silk; viz.

-----Knubs or Hulks of Silk - - the lb. ql 16 oz.

-----Organzine, and all Thrown Silk in the Gum,

the lb. q* 16 oz.

-----Raw Silk - the lb. ql 16 oz.

-----Thrown Silk dyed - - the lb. q* 16 oz.

-----Waite Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the lb. q* 16 oz.

-----Wrought Silk; viz.

- - Crapes or Titlanies, of the manufacture of Italy, imported directly from thence the lb. ql 16 oz. Skeets for Whitlters - - - - the fkeet

Skins; viz.

— Badger Skins undrelfed - - the skin

-----Bear Skins undrelfed * - - the (kin

-----Beaver Skins undrelfed - - the skin

----- from any of His Majesty’s Dominions in America - the lkin

-----Calve Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

anyway dreiled,

-----imported in a British-built Ship,

the dozen Ikins

- - ----- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the dozen Ikins

-----tanned - - - the lb.

-----Cat Skins undrelfed - the lkin

-----Coney Skins, undrelfed - the dozen Ikins

-----Cordivants dreiled; viz.

----- of Spain - - the dozen

----- of Turkey - - the dozen

—— Deer Skins, undrelfed - the lkin

- - — - Indian, half dreiled or Halved, the ikin -----Dog Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

anyway dreiled,

-----imported in a British-built Ship - the

dozen ikins

- -----not imported in a British-built Ship,

the dozen ikins

-----DogtiHi Skins, undrelfed - - the dozen ikins

-----Elk Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

anyway drelfed,

- - - imported in a British-built Ship - the lkin

- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the ikin

.---Ermine Skins undrelfed - - the ikin

-----Fisher Skins undrelfed - the ikin

-----Fitches Skins undrf Ted - - the ikin

— Fox Skins^ undrelfed - the ikin

-----Goat Skins; viz.

- - - - - raw or undrelfed, imported in a Britishi-

built ship - - the dozen Ikins

...... not imported in a British-built Ship,

the dozen Ikins

__________tanned - - the dozen ikins

-----Hare Skins undrelfed - - the 100 ikins

-----Ilulfe Skins undreiled - the ikin

----- Kid Skins in the hair - - the 100 /kins

.........drelfed - - - the 100 Ikins

-----Lartib Skins undrelfed in the W ool, the 100 ikins

----- dreiled in Alum, Salt or Meal - the

100 ikins

.........dreiled in Oil - - - the 100 ikins

__________Slink undrelfed in the Wool, the 100 ikins

-----Leopard Skins undreiled - - the ikin

-----Lion Skins undreiled - the ikin

-----Martin Skins undreiled - - the ikin

-----Martin Tails undreiled - - the 100 tails

-----Mink Skins undreiled -

Vjivj\J

- - V

Duty.

Drawback.

£ d. £ s. d.

O 0 3 —

0 6 0 O 2 6

0 19 6 O 14 0

5 6 O 1 V 0

0 3 0 O 2 0

1 4 6 0 15 8

0 0 2 0 0 l

0 16 0 o' 12 9

0 6 8 0 O 4

d i 9 6 1 0

35 0 0 *5 0 0

0 1 0 9 0 0 4

0 1 10 0 1 0

0 0 8 0 0 5

10 0 0

0 3 4 0 * 6

0 t7 3 0 11 9

0 0 10 —

0 1 10 0 1 5

K

0 9 0 0 6 5

0 4 0 0 2 0

1 8 0 1 1 9

0 1 10 0 1 5

1 18 0

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 7 6 0 5 0

0 1 0 —

0 0 3 —

0 1 2 —

0 4 2 0 2 6

0 0 6 —

0 0 6 0 O 4

0 0 6 0 0 3

2 6 0 1 5 9

1 0 0 0 7 a

0 0 4 —-■

0 0 4 "

0 0 6 —

0 3 3 0 1 9

0 3 2 0 1 9

0 0 7 -

0 1 0 —

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 1 6 0 1 3

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 1 8 —

0 7 9 0 5 0

2 2 0 0 15 0

0 3 4 0 0 8

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 1 0 —

1 11 0 0 11 3

0 5 9 0 2 1

Q 19 2 0 5 10

0 11 0 1 1 S

0 1 10 0 1 1

0 8 9 0 6 3

O 3 6 0 2 6

O 1 6 0 1 3

9 10 0 0 8 4

0 e 6 0 0 4

V01. c8

1086

Appendix.

A. 180S.

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

Schedule (A.) I N W ARDS*

Skins—continued.

-----Alink Skins, dressed

Moffc Skins undrelled

the skin the dozen Ikins - the 100 skins the skin the lkin the ikin the dozen pelts the dozen peits

-----Mufquafh Skins undressed -

----- Otter Skins undrelled -

—-— Ounce Skins undrelled -

-----Panther Skins undrelled

-----Pelts of Goats undrelled -

----- dressed - -

- - - of all other forts undressed - the 100 pelts

-----Raccoon Skins undressed - - the 100 ikins

*-----Sable Skins undrelled - the skin

- - - Tails or Tips of Sable undressed - the piece

-----Seal Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

anyway dressed,

..... imported in a British-built Ship, the skin

-----not imported in a Briiith-built Ship,

the skin

..... cured with Foreign Salt, and imported in a British-built Ship - - the skin

-----Sheep Skins undressed in the Wool, the doz. ikins

...-----dressed in Oil or otherwise, or tanned

or tawed - - - the dozen ikins

-----Squirrel or Calabar Skins undressed, the 100 skins

- ----- tawed, - the loofkins

-----Swan Skins undressed - the lkin

——Tyger Skins undressed - - - the lkin

-----Weasel Skins undressed - - the loo Ikins

-----Wolf Skins undressed - the lkin

- - — - - tawed - the lkin

-----Wolverines undrelled - the lkin

or pieces of Skins raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such - - for every

£. 100 of the value

-----or pieces of Skins tanned, tawed, or in anyway

dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such - - for every £. 100 of the value

Smalts - the lb.

Snuff; viz.

----- Imported from the British Plantations in America,

or from the Spanish West Indies - - the lb.

-----Imported from any other place - - - the lb.

Soap; viz.

-----Hard - ... the cu t.

-----Suit ----- the cwt.

Soapers wafic - the ton q' 20 cwt.

Spelter ...... the cwt.

Spermaceti, line ----- the lb.

Spikenard ----- the lb.

Spirits; viz.

-----Arquebusade - the gallon

-—- Brandy ----- t]ie

-----Citron Water - - - - the gallon

-----Cordial Water or strong Water, not oihe

enumerated or described - - - the gallon

-----Geneva ----- the gal

---— Hungary Water - the gal

-----Lavender Water - the gal

-----Rum, of the produce of any British Colony

Plantation in America - - - the ga

-----of any other fort - - - - the ga'

*—— Ufqucbaugh - - ’ - - the ga

Good Hope, its Territories, or Dependencies,

— not

Sponge, imported directly from the place of its

Squils

growth -

growth - - - t

-----—— not imported directly from the ph

its growth t

Starch ----- tin

Stavefacre - - - * - tin

Steel; viz.

-----Gad Steel th<

-----Long Steel - - ~ tin

-----Wisp Steel - - - - tin

Stockings, of Cotton - for every £. 100 of the Stones; viz.

• ----- Burrs for Mill Stones - the loo q* 5 score

-----Dog Stones, not exceeding 4 feet in diameter,

above 6 and under 1*2 inches in thickness,

the pair

• ----- F.mtry Stones - the cwt.

—----- Flint Stones for Potters - the ton ql 20 cwt.

-----Grave Stones of Marble, polished - - the foot

square superficial measure

-----— - -- -- -- - unpolished - the foot

square superficial mcaiure

Duty. Drawback.

£■ s. £. *.d.

0 12 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

017 6 0 12 6

0 2 ’o Ol6

046 032

072 0 5 0

0 1 Q 0 1 0

o 3 6 0 2 6

0106 07b

150 0 12 6

0 5 0 039

009 006

002 —

0 0 005

002 —

014 009

056 026

070 0 4,

i 0 10 6 050

0 1 4 0 0 10

044 0 2 6

o 3 ° 009

0 7 b 0 5 9

0 10 6 07b

04b 032

0 0 10 cn 25 0 0

0 0 0 Cv 25 0 0

0 0 5 004

OOS

OlO;

‘2 11 O —

238 —*

0 2 0 —

OI76 0 12 6

O O IO 0 0 d

0.1 8 010

034 026

1011 008

066 050

034 026

l 0 1 0 008

1 o 3 4 026

‘034 0 2 d

oc 0 C 005

c 0 c 0 0 d

‘.034 t 026

O 0 c*o 0 0 cn

•034 > 0 2 6

• 0 12 3 1 0 0 c

0 2 1C 1 0 1 6

.03c 3 > 0 1 8

.005 f; 0 0 3

OIJ; 0 0 9

• 5 17 > —

0 14 4 I- 0 5 10

• 2 11 ( ) 2 0 8

0 15 1C ) O 12 0

0 id c ) O 12 0

52

o o

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

41 10

o 10

10

o

o o

Stones —continual.

-----Grave Stones not of Marble, polished or 11 n-

polished - - the foot square superficial

measur

-----Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other

polished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones polished) — the foot square superficial measur

-----Marble Blocks - - the l’olid foot

-----Marble Paving Stones polished-----the foot

square superficial measur ----- - — - rough - the foot square

superficial measure

-----— Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or if

1*2 inches in thickness or upwards, the pair

-----Paving Stones not of Mai hie - - the 100 feet

square superficial measur

-----Pebble Stones - - - 7 the ton q* 20 cwt.

----- Pumice Slones - - - the ton ql 20 cwt.

-----Quern Stones under 3 feet in diameter, and

not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, the pair

- - - - 3 feet in diameter, and not 4 feet in

diameter, and not exceeding b inches in thickness - - - - the pair

-----Sculptured Marble and Statuary - - the lb.

-----Slate of the produce of the Iiiunds of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those 1 Hands respectively - fa every £. 100 of the value

- - - of any other Country, not otherwise enu-

merated or described - - - for every £. 100 of the value

-----Slates in Frames * the dozen

----- Slick Stones - the 100

-----Stone of the produce of the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those I Hands respectively - - for every £. 100

of the value

- - - of any other Country, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty - for every £.100 of the value

-----Whetflones - the 100

Storux or Sty rax; viz.

-----Cahimita or Liquida, imported directly from the place of its growth - the lb.

-----not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

-----in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from the place of its growth - - the lb.

- - - - not imported directly from the place

of its growth - - the lb.

Stuffs of all forts, made of or mixed with Wool, the yard Sturgeon - - - the keg not exceeding 5 gallons

Succades - - * - - the lb.

Succinum - the lb.

Succus Liquoritbe the cwt.

Sugar; viz.

-----not of the British Plantations; viz.

- - White or Clayed Sugar - - the cwt.

- — Brown or Muscovado Sugar - the cwt.

- — when taken out of the Warehouse to be

uled in Great Britain,

- - - if White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

— - if Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

the cwt.

-----Refined Sugar - - - the cwt.

-----from any British Colony or Plantation on the

Continent of America; viz.

-----on Importation, to be ware-

housed - - the cwt.

- — when taken out of such warehouse

to be used in Great Britain,

* - - if White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

-----if Brown or Muscovado Sugar

the cwt.

- — Refined Sugar - - the cwt.

-----of the British Plantations; viz.

-----White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- - - Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

* Diuwuack. the cwt.

- - if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado

Sugar published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 35 s. - the cwt.

- if it shall exceed 35.V. and not exceed 40,s. the cwt.

----- - 40.V. and not exceed 585-. - do.

-----5 8.?. and not exceed bo.v. - do.

— - - — - . ()os. and not exceed Cr>s. - do. --- - — - - C*2.y. and not exceed bq,y. - do. 64*. amj not exceed 66 s. - do.

— - Chy. and not exceed 6Sy. - do.

— — ----- (j‘q*. and not exceed Jos. - do.

- - if it shall exceed jos. the cwt. no Drawback to be

allowed.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclusive of the

- CjQQQ.

~ O

Duty. Drawback.

£• *. <1.

OO3 Q 0 1

0 16 0 0 10

0 3 4 0 1 10

0 0 4 0 0 2

003 001

600 3 18 0

060 026

070 ° 5

1 00 028

046 030

090 060

003

•22 0 0 —

35 0 0 25 0 01

0 14 0 0 10

042 030

‘22 O 0

o 0

4 6

0 8

1 6

5 I

10 0 7 °] 4 4 1 c o p 14 t)

16 0

17 4

25 0 0 0 3 3

004

008

026

05°

0 4 10

007 0 0

2 2

1 8 0

2 l6 0

17 4

12 0

o*3

16 0

17 4

12 o

3 4j

0 o\

1 2 1 1 1 0

|0181;

lG

\o 14 \\

0 13

jo 1° I

1 0

43 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

1087

Duties ot Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, &e. and Drawbacks on Exportation thereof—continued.

Schedule (A.) I NT W ARDS.

Sugar—continued.

Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Importation of such Sugar.

On the Exportation of any such Sugar from Great Britain, in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allowed One Shilling less Drawback for every hundred weight thereof, than if the fame had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered.

-----Refined Sugar

Sugar Candy; viz.

-----brown -

-----white

Sulphur vivum -

the cwt.

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

T.

Talc - ----- the lb.

Tallow ----- the cwt.

Tamarinds ----- the lb.

Tapioca ...... the lb.

Tar; viz.

— of the produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the lait q* 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding

31 - gallons

-----not being the produce of any of the Dominions

or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain,

-----imported in a British-built Ship, the last ql

ri barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31! gallons

-----not imported in a British-built Ship, the last

q* 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 i gallons

—1—Bai badoesTar - the lb.

Tares - for every £. 100 of the value

Tarras - ...... the bulhei

Tea, imported from Europe, under licence - for every

£. 100 of the value ----- the 1,000

Teafels -Terra; viz.

— Japonica

— Sienna

— Umbra

— Verde

the lb. the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. Thread; viz.

Bruges Thread - - the dozen lbs.

Cotton Thread - for every £. 100 of the value ’ the dozen lbs.

- the cwt. the lb. - the dozen lbs.

Duty.

5 12

3 1°

5 1*

- Outnall Thread

- Pack Thread -

- Sifters Thread -

- Whited-brown Thread Tiles; viz.

Flanders Tiles -Galley Tiles Pan Tiles

*---Paving Tiles, not exceeding

the 1,000 the foot fqmire the 1,000 10 inches square, the 1,000

----- - - - exceeding 10 inches square - the

1,000

---*• Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles, not otherwise

enumerated or described - - for every £. 100

of the value

Tin ----- the cwt.

Tobacco; viz.

-----of the growth, production, or manufacture of

the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal - the lb.

-----of the growth or production of His Majesty's

Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of any of the Territories of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Grand Signior - the lb.

* Drawback.

-----having been delivered out of the Warehouse

for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, and afterwards manufactured, according to Law, into Shortcut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported - the lb.

Tobacco Pipes ----- for every

£. 100 of the value Tongues; viz. Neats Tongues - - - the dozen

Tornial or Turnlole - - - the cwt.

Tortoise-lhell ----- the lb.

Tow ----- the cwt.

---of Muscovyor Rullia, not imported in a British-

built Ship - - - - the cwt.

Toys ----- for every i°o of the value

Trays of Wood - - .- - the dozen

Treacle of Venice ----- the lb.

Trenchers of Wood - - - the gross q* 12 dozen

Truffles - - - * - the lb.

Trunnels or Treenails - the 1,000

o 12

o \e

o

o

•20

o

5

o

o

o

o

o

14

o

o

0

e

1

o

15

5

7

o 18

Drawback. Schedule (A.) 1 N W A 11D S. Duty. Drawback.

d. £■ s. d. £• S. d. £■ s. cL

Turbith, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the lb. 0 i 4 0 0 8

not imported directly from the place of its

growth the lb. 0 3 10 0 2 0

Turbots. (Dutyfree.)

Turmeric ----- the lb. 0 0 3 0 O 2

Turpentine; viz.

-common - the cwt. 0 2 6 0 1 6

of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus - - the lb. 0 0 5 0 0 3

0 — of Germany, or any other place, not other-

wile enumerated or described - the cwt. 0 16 0 0 8 6

0 — Twine the cwt. 0 18 9 —

8 O 6 6 V.

Valonia ----- the cwt. 0 0 11 —

Varnish - the cwt. 0 10 6 0 6 0

0 0 0 2 Vellum - - * the skin 0 4 0 —

0 10 Verdigris; viz.

q 0 0 2 common - - - the lb. 0 0 4 —

0 q 0 Q 2 crystalized - - - - the lb. 0 1 3 —

• 0 Vermicelli - - - - . - - the lb. 0 0 3 0 0 2

Vermillion or Cinnabar - the lb. 0 1 2 0 6

Vinegar or Verjuice - - - the tun ql 252 gallons |37 16 0 7 17 6

Vinelloes - - - - -• the lb. 0 10 0 0 7 e

0 O 7 0 Vitriolum Romanum, imported directly from the place

0 of its growth - - the To. 0 0 3 0 0 2

—— - not imported directly from the

v * place of its growth - the lb. 0 0 8 0 0 4

Umber - the cwt. 0 5 6 0 8 0

w.

3 O 8 4 Wafers ----- the lb. 0 6 8 0 0

Watch Glaftes - - - for every £. 100 of the value 70 0 0 43 0 0

Water; viz. Mineral or natural Water the dozen bot-

0 O 8 4 tles or fialks, each bottle or llafk not exceeding

2 O 0 1 three pints - . - 0 2 6 0 i 8

0 0 0 Wax; viz.

9 O 0 5 Bay or Myrtle Wax - - -, the lb. 0 0 6 0 0 4

Bees Wax unmanufactured - - the cwt. 2 0 0 1 10 0

0 5 0 0 white or mamifadured - - the cwt. 3 15 10 3 i 4

0 — - hard Wax - the lb. 0 1 6 0 1 0

Weld ----- the cwt. 0 1 9 0 0 . 9

5 0 0 3 Whale Fins, of Foreign fiftiing the ton q* 20 c wt. iz< 3 0 0 •90 6 0

0 0 10 0 of British fiflung the ton q* 20 cwt. 1 10 0 —

6 0 3 0 Whip-cord - - the lb. 0 0 3 —

6 — Wine:

French Wine imported in a British-built Ship,

9 0 8 9 the tun ql 252 gallons 6+ 1 0 —

53 0 0 41 10 0

1 2 6 0 16 2

0 18 9 —

0 5 0 0 2 6

1 2 6 0 15 8

0 17 9 0 11 2

0 0 4 0 0 3

3 6 4 2 8 10

2 5 10 1 CO 00

3 H 0 2 4 9

50 0 0 36 11 0

3 7 0 —

1 6

o 6

o

o

o

o

o

40

o

o

Q

0

6

0

1

6

1

3

4

0

1

2

1

2 4

o

4

o

10

9

o

o

o

o

2

36 11

o

0

1

o

30

o

o

o

o

o

68 5

- - - - not imported in a British-built Ship,

the tun qT 252 gallons

- - - - exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East indies, to China, 01 to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the tun ql 252 gallons

-----exported to any other place - the tun

q* 252 gallons

■ Madeira Wine imported in a British-built £hip,

the tunq1 252 gallons 143

-----not imported in a British-built Ship, the

tun ql 252 gallons

-----exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of

America-----the tun ql 252 gallons

- - - exported to any other place, the tun

q* 252 gallons

■ Portugal Wine, and Wine of the produce of

Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain,

Imported in a British-built Ship-----the tun

q* 252 gallons

Not imported in a British-built Ship - the tun

ql 252 gallons

Exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America-----the tun

59 17 0 54 1* 9

Exported to any other place

q* 252 gallons

46 4

39 18 36 15

43

45

3 6

42

-----the tun

qt 252 gallons

■ Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies,

Imported in a British-built Ship-----the tun

of 252 gallons

Not imported in a British-built Ship - the tun

ql 252 gallons 45 Exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America — - the tun v ql 252 gallons

Exported to any other place-----the tun

qt 252 gallons - Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine,

Imported in a British-built Ship -/«> the tun

I-

58 iS o

39 >8

36 15

39 *8 35 >5

Appei

(No.

i8cA

Cant if,

1068

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ppendix, sTo. 54.)

I. Matt

pntinvcrl.

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof—conduct.

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Wine—continued.

-----Rhenifli, German, or Hungary,

Not imported in a British-built Ship - the tun

qr 252 gallons

Exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America - - - the tun

ql 252 gallons

Exported to any other place ----- the tun

q* 252 gallons

----- Not otherwise enumerated or described,

Imported in a British-built Ship - - - the tun

q* 252 gallons

Not imported in a British-built Ship - the tun

ql 252 gallons

Exported t® any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America - - - the tun

ql 252 gallons

Exported to any other place - -----the tun

ql 252 gallons

Wine Lees. Subject to the fame Duties as Wine, but no Drawback allowed on Lees of Wine exported.

Wire; tv'-.

-----Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or

Duty.

described

• Iron, not otherwise

• Latten

■ Steel -

enumerated or the cwt. defer i bed, the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

Virginal Wire of Brass, Copper, or Irou, the lb.

Woad; viz v- — Green Woad ~— Thouloufe Woad -

the cwt. the cwt.

r

Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks imported from any part of Europe, In a British-built Ship - - the piece

Not in a British built Ship - the piece

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the piece * Balks, under 5 inches square and under 24 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or

if 24 feet in length or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

• - - of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth

and production of the British Colonies or ' Plantations in America, and imported directly

from thence - the 120

Battens, 8 feet in length and not exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2 $ inches in thickness, im-* ported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

• - - exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches

in width, or if exceeding 2 $ inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

Batten Ends under 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2 $ inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europc,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - - the 120

- - - under 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in

width, and exceeding ! j inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120 Battens and Batten Ends of all forts, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

Beech Plank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards, Imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship, the load q*. 50 cubic feet Not in a British-built Ship - - - D°

- - - of all forts, of the growth and production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120 Beech Quarters, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length,

Imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - - the 120 * - 5 inches square, and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

in a British-built Ship - . the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

Drawback.

£. .. d. £. S. d.

O O CO —

— 53 11 0

— 48 6 0

O O —

4S 3 0 —

39 18 0

— 36 15 0

3 10 0 2 10 0

3 13 214 0

3 7 0 298

0 1 a 009

016 v 1 2

028 0 1 3

050 0 2 10

052 0 3 3

0 5 4 0 3 3

<0 0 0 —

2 15 8 1 10 11

2. 16 8 1 10 11

7100 3 17

7 12 6 3 17 0

& 10 0 —

3 5 0 1 18 6

3 6 6 1 18 6

6 10 0 3 17 0

6 12 6 3 17 0

1 * 10 0 1 ft 10

126 0 12 10

246 1 5 8

256 1 5 8

050 —

1 10 0 0 18 11

l 10 6 0 18 11

050 —

215 8 1 10 11

2 16 8 l 10 11

7 \o 0 3 17 ®

7 12 6 3 17 0

Schedule (A.) INWARDS.

Wood—continued.

Beech Quarters of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the 120

Boards; viz.

Beech Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and under 15 feet in lengjfeh, imported ftom any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

- Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

- - - under 2 inches in thickness, and if 15 feet in

length or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

- - - Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in

length, and under 8 inches square, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

-----of the growth and production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

- - - Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers,

under 4 feet in length, and under 6 inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

- - - 4 feet in length, or 6 inches in thickness or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

- - - Oak Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe, lu a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - - the 120

- — under 2 inches in thickness, and if 15 feet in

length, or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - Paling Boards, hewed on one side, and not exceeding 7 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - hewed on one side, and exceeding feet in length, imported from any part ot Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- — Pipe Boards, above 5 feet 3 inches in length,

and not exceeding 8 feet in length and under 8 inches square, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

-----exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8

inches square, imported from any part of Europe,.

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- — of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in

length, and under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the 120

- - - Wainlcot Boards, the foot, containing 12

feet in length, and 1 inch in thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or leifer length or thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship -Not in a British-built Ship

-----of all forts, not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with duty of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

Boxwood, of the growth and production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively - - - the ton

q* 20 cwt.

-----of the growth and production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the ton ql 20 cwt.

Brazil M ood - - the ton qr 20 cwt.

Brazillettoyor Jamaica Wood - the ton q1 20 cwt. Cam Wood - the ton ql 20 cwt.

- Digitl 3d by Goog.

Duty.'

£• rf.

o 10 o

2 15 Oj

2 17 6

5 10 0 5 12 6

1 17 6 1 18 oj

076

440

4 6 (A

880

8110

5 11 3 5 15 o|

Drawback.

d.

l 17 8 1 17 8

3 15 4

3 15 i

0 19 6 0 19 6

2 16 6 2 16 6

5 13 5 13 0

4 5 3 4 5 3

8 10 0 8 io 6

on 4

0118

2 16 3 2 16 8

5 12 6 5 13 4

0 12 0

0 1 9 0 1 1°

o 5

1 0 0

2 19 * 2 19 0

6 * 9

43 Geo. III.

4

1089

Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof—

Schedule (A.) I N W A It D S.

Wood—conti mud.

Deals, above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet in length, and not above 10 feet in length, and not exceeding ih inch in thickiieis, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Bnlish-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 1 20

-----above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet in length

and not above 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 3 4 inches in thickneis (except Deals not above 10 feet in length, and not exceeding 1 h inch in tlnckness) imported from any part of Europe,

J11 a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not iu a British-built Ship - the 120

- — above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet in length,

and not above 20 feet in length, and exceed-• *nS 3 i inches in tlnckness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a BriUlh-huilt Miip - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 1*20

- — above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feet in

length, and not exceeding 4 inches in thick-neis, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feet in

length, and exceeding 4 inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Biitiln-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a Britnh-built Ship - the 120

Deal-End s, above 7 inches in width, being under 8 leer 111 length, and not exceeding 3 inches in thickness, imported from any part of Europe, In a l'o itish-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- — above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in

length, and exceeding 3' inc hes iu thickness, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Slop - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

Deals and Deal-Ends, of all lorts, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

Ebony, of the growth and production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Ainca or America, and imported directly from thence respectivt ly - the ton 4* 20 cwt.

- — of the growth and production of any other

Country or Place, or it otherwise imported, the ton ql 20 cwt. Firewood, the fathom, 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Briuth-built thip -Not in a British-built Ship -

-----the lalliom, 6 teet w ide and 6 feet high, of the

growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence -FirQuailers, under 5 inches fqoare, and under 24 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Bruilh-huiit Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or

if 24 feet in length or upwards, imported from ans part of I,mope,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a Britnh-built Ship - the 120

- — of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the

growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the 120

F11 flick - the ton ql 20 cwt.

Dandlpikes, under 7 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship r- - the 120

Net in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - under 7 feet in length, of the growth and pro-

duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120

- - - 7 feet in length or upwards, imported from

any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a Britnh-built Ship - the 120

- - 7 feet in length or upwards, of the growth and / production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence ----- the 120

Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

VOL. 58.

Duty. Drawback.

£• d. £■ s. d.

3 3 4 2 10 6

3 5o 2 10 6

680 3 17 0

6 '12 6 3 17

1216 0 7 14 0.

1300 7 14 0

15 16 10 811 0

i(5 5 0 811 0

30 17 10 17 20

31 7 6 1720

236 1 5 8

■1 5 1 5 8

4 + 6 211 4

476 2114

O OX 0 —

0 12 0 —

15 4 3 12 5 0

0 5 10 0 3 10

060 0 3 10

<c 0 0 —

2 15 8 1 1011

2 16 8 l 10 11

7 10 0 3 17 0

712 6 3 17 0

0 c 0

0 01 0 —

0146 0 9 6

0 15 0 096

014

190 0190

1 10 0 0 19 0

028 —

674 0 3 1

078 0 3 1

Sclii clule (A.) I N W A 11 I) S.

Wood—continued.

Knees of Oak, 5 incites square, and under 8 inches square, imported front any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - under 8 inches square, of the growth and pro-

duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence ----- the 120

- - - 8 inches square of upwards, imported from

any part of Europe*

In a British-built Ship - the load ql 50 cubic

feet

Not in a Britishi-built Ship - the load ql 50

cubic feet

-----8 inches square or upwards, of the growth

and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly fi ony thence - - -the load qc 50 cubic feet

Lath wood in pieces under 5 feet in length, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - -

Not in a British-built Ship -

- - - in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards, the fa-

thom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship -

Not in a British-built Ship -

- - in pieces ot all forts, of the growth and pro-

duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the fathom 6 jfeet wide and 6 feet

higli

Lignum \ itre, of the grow th and production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively - the ton qr 20 cwt.

-----of the grow th and production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the ton q* 20 cw t. Logwood - the ton ql 20 cwt.

Mahogany, of the grow th of any of the Bahama lllunds, and imported directly from thence, the ton ql 20 cwt.

- - - of the growth of the British Limits within the

Province of Vucutan in tin* Bay of I Ionduras, and imported directly from the said Bay - the

ton q* 20 cwt.

- - - not imported directly from any of the Bahama

lllands, or not imported directly from the Bav of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the growth of any other Country or Place, the ton ql 20 cwt. Malls, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 inches in diameter and under 8 inches, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the piece

Not in a British-built Ship - the piece

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence the piece

- - 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches,

imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the piece

Not in a British-built Ship - the piece

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the piece

- - 12 inches in diameter or upwards,

Imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship, the load ql 50 cubic feet Not in a British-built Ship - the load ql 50

cubic feet

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the load

q* 50 cubic feet

'Nicaragua Wood - - the ton q* 20 cw t.

Oak Plank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards, Imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - the load, ql 50

cubic feet

Not in a Britishi-built Ship - - the load,

q* 50 cubic feet

- - - of all forts, of the growth and production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the

120

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £■ *

300 1 10 6

326 1 10 (i

050 —

0190 092

100 O 9 01

0 3 4 —

i 10 0 0 18 it

1110 0 18 11

246 184

256 1 8 4

036 —

00 to 0 —

2 16 8 20a

056 —

00 to e* 1 10 0

00 <0 cx 1 10 0

400 300

030 018

0 3 4 018

0 2 0 010

080 049

0 8 0 049

050 021

100 098

109 098

0189 0 9 I

0 16 0

259 1 8 4

276 1 8 4

050

Oars, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Yhip - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

... of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the 120

12

12

15

16

l6

O 12 0

iiSgSIiHF*!

Apfx

(No,

18* 1

cent i

1090

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Duties of Customs payable oil the Importation into Great Britain, of certain Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof— continued.

Schedule (A.) I N \Y A R D S.

Wood— continued.

Olive W ood, of the growth and production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively - the ton ql 20 cwt.

- - - of the growth and production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwil'e imported,

/ the ton of 20 cwt. Red or Guinea Wood - - the ton q* 20 cwt.

Rose Wood ----- the cwt. Hound W ood, in pieces under 8 inches fquure and under 6 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - in pieces under 8 inches square, and it 6 feet

in length or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built. Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - in pieces of all forts under 8 inches fquure,

of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120 Spars, under 22 feet in length, and under 4 inches

* in diametei, exclusive of the Bark, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-b'lilt Ship - - the 120

Not in a Brtilli-built Ship - the 120

- - - ‘22 feet in length or upwards, and under 4

inches in diameter exclusive of the Bark, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

-----4 inches in diameter and under 6 inches, exclusive of the Bark, imported from any part of Europe,

I11 a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - of all forts, under G inches in diameter exclusive of the Bark, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence ----- the 120 Speckled Wood, of the growth and production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively - the ton ql 20 cwt.

- - - of the growth and production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the ton ql 20 cwt. Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 1,000

Not in a British-built Ship - the 1,000

- - - exceeding 2 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - the 1,000 Not in a British-built Ship - the 1,000

* — of all forts, of the growth and production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the

1,000

Staves, not exceeding 3G inches in length, not above 3^nches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 ihcb.es in breadth, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - above 30 inches in length, and not exceeding

50 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported from any part of Europe, In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - above 50 inches in length, and not exceeding

Go inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported from any part of Europe, In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - - above Go inches in length, and not exceeding

72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in , thickness. and not exceeding 7 inches in

breadth, imported from any part of Europe, In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

* * above 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches

in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported from any part of Europe, In a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

* * a\)nve 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, imported from any part of Europe,

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £. s. <1.

O76 —

5 4 3 3 1 0

i 3 4 —

180 0 CO 00

1. 7 6 0 18 11

184 0 18 11

2 1 - O 1 17 10

2 16 8 1 17 IO

O 0 —

0174 096

0184 0 9 6

1100 015 6

111 0 0 15 6

3 S' 0 1140

3 7 6 1 14 0

o 10

o 10

5 7

2 1

3 3

4 3

4 G

0 3 9

o 8

o 8

o 15

1 o 1 o

1 9 1 10

1 13 1 15

Schedule (A.) IN W A R D S.

418

1 8 3

1 8 3

2 16 6

216 6

3 10 3 10

0 7 3 o73

098

098

o 14 6 o 14 6

016 8

o 1G 8

Dory. ! Drawluck.

W'oodr—continued.

shall be deemed Clap-boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

Staves, above 3 inches in thickness or above 7 inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, imported from any pait of Europe, shall he deemed Pipe-boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-----of all lbrls, not exceeding 30 inches in length,

of the growth and production of the Briuih Colonies or Elan tat ions in America, and iin-ported directly from thence - the 120

- — of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, ol

► the growth and production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the 120 Swectwood, of the growth and production of tin British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively - the ton q* 20 cwt.

- - - of the growth and production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwil'e imported, the ton ql 20 cwt.

Timber; xiz.

Eir Timber, 8 inches square, and not exceeding 10 inches square, of the growth of Norway, and imported directly limn thence in a 1>1 ltiill-bllilt Ship - tile load q* 50 cubic feet Not in a British-built Ship - the load ql 50

cubic feet

- - exceeding 10 inches square, of the growth of

Norway, and imported direciiy from thence. In a British-built Ship - the load ql 50 ci.hu*

feet

Not in a British-built Ship - the load ql 50

cubic feet

- — 8 inches square or upwards, imported from

any other part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - the load ql 50 cubic

feet

Not in a British-built Ship - the load q* 50

cubic feet

- - - 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth

and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - - the load qc 50 cubic feet

Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Bntilii-buill Ship - the load qT 50 cubic

feet

Not in a British-built Ship - the load qr 50

cubic feet

- - - 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth

and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the load ql 50 cubic Del - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - the load q* 50 cubic

feet

Not in a British-built Ship - the load ql 50

cubic feet

• — of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, nr otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and import' d directly from thence - the load q* 50 cubic

feet

Users, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, imported from any part of Europe, I11 a British-built Ship - - the 120

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - 5 inches square, and under S Indies square, or

if 24 feet in length or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a British-built Ship - - the ito

Not in a British-built Ship - the 120

- - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the

growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations' in America, and imported

£■ d. f1

directly from thence

the 120

Wainscot Logs, being S inches square, or upwards, imported from any part of Europe,

In a Dritilli-built Ship - the load ql 50 cubic

feet

Not in a British-built Ship - the load, q* 5°

cubic f«*et

- being 8 inches, square or upwards, of the growth and production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence - the load q* 50 cubic

feet

b)

o o

0 1

o 10 o

6 11

0 y

1 o 1 0

1 0 1 0

0 19

1 0

1 7 1 S

o; 4 8 4

Of° 6 4

4,004

o| 0 9 8 9*098

0 9 8

Jo 9 I

Ol6

0 3 4

1 0 I o

o 1

2 15 2 id

7 10 7 12

091

0 9

0 9

0 9

1 10 11 1 10 n

3 l" 0

0

b I 3 l7

o 10 0

o34

01+3

014

43 Geo. III.

V

Appendix.

1091

Duties of Cul'toms payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of certu

■tin Goods, &c. and Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof—continued.

Schedule (A.) 1 N W A 111) S.

Foloniri Wool Red Wool "'ll riiih Wool

W uolion Cloths, all maimer of, the yard -

Yarn; viz.

Cable Yarn

Camel or Mohair Yarn

Y.

\\ nod —rout nun d.

Mood, unmanufactured, of the growth and production of the Until!) Colonies or Rlnnuiioii* in America, not particularly enuiiicruled or described, or otherwise charged \vit!i Duty, for every £ 100 of the value Wood, not particularly enumerated or dderibed, or otherwise charged with Duty - for ever\ /*. loo of the value

Wool; viz.

Heaver Wool - the lb.

- - - cut and combed (except combed in Rulha, and

imported from thence in a British-Luilt Slop)

the 1 i>.

Coney Wool - the lb.

Codon \\ ool; iv-.

- - - of the growth or production of any of the

1 >i itilli Colonies or Plantations - the too lbs. r — of the growth or production of Turkov,

imported in a UriLilh-buiit Slop - the loolbs. Not imported in a BGtiiu-built Sliiji - the

loo lbs.

- — of the growth or production of any other

Country or Place, imported iii a British-built Ship - the 100 lbs. * Not imported in a British-buiit Ship - the

1 oo lbs.

flares Wool - the cwt.

Lambs Wool or Sheeps Wool - - the cwt.

Ohrirli or Eft ridge Wool,

Imported in a Untidi-built Ship Not imported in a British-buiit

the cwt. Ship - the cwt. the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the cwt. the lb.

Duty. Drawback. I 1 Sclu'ilule (A.) IN \VA R l)S. Duty. Drawback.

£■ s. cl. £. s. d. | Yarn --continued. £■ 8. d. £■ s. d.

I Cotton Yarn ----- the lb. O O 5 O 0 3

I Grogram Yarn ----- the lb. O O 10 0 0 7

i Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax; viz.

1 Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow

3 12 0 — Y’arn, being the production of any of the

Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and imported directly from

:o 0 0 fa O O an\ part of the said Territories or Dominions

* in a British-built Ship - - the cwt. O O 6 —

0 1 0 — of any other lort, imported in a British-built

; Ship ----- the cwt. O 1 0 —.

Not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. O 12 10 —

l 1 0 , Not made of Flax - the cwt. O l4 10 —

0 0 0 — Wick Yarn - the cwt, 2 1 4 I 8 0

4 Wool Ini or Bay Y'arn - the cwt. O 18 6 O 13 0

Wonted Y arn, being of two or more threads, twilled,

0 8 4 ' — or thrown - the lb. O 1 0 0 0 9

0 8 4 — Z.

Zcdoaria, imported directly from the place of its

0 16 8 — growth ----- the-lb. O 0 8 O 0 4

— - not imported directly from the place of its

growth ----- the lb. 0 1 9 O 1 0

0 12 6 —

Goods, Wares, ami Merchandize, not otherwise enume-

1 0 10 — rated or dderibed, prohibited to be worn or tiled in

0 13 4 — Great Britain, imported from Europe under licence

0 4 8 — for Exportation to Africa - for every £. 100 of

the value 2 10 0 —

0 4 8 — All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either

IX PART OR WHOLLY MANUFACTURED, and not

0 10 0 — being enumerated ordeferibed, or otherwise charged

0 4 8 - with Duty, not prohibited to be imported into or

0 4 8 — used in Great Britain, and not being exempt from

0 4 8 — Duty - - - for every £. 100 of the value 35 0 0 *5 0 0

1 1 0 — Ail Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being

EITHER IN PART OR WHOLLY MAN UFACTl'RED, Ulld

not being enumerated or described, or otherwise

charged with Duty, not prohibited to be imported

0 .10 9 — into or used in Great Britain, and not being exempt

0 1 0 0 0 6 from Duty - - for every £.100 of the value 20 0 0 15 0 0

Schedule (A.) O UT W A R D S.

F0RE1 G N.

A garic; viz.

——-—trimmed or paired -----rough or untrimmed

Annntto -Antimoiiium Criulmn -Afjua-fortis Argol -Arlenic -

Bay berries Leaver Skins Cochineal *-

(beam of Tartar Galls -Gum; viz.

- ----- Arabic

----- Senega

-----Stick-lac -

Kbudals -Lapis Caiainimuis Litmus -

Abu liter -

-----Root -

Orchal Or.cluha -ibunegrunate Peels Sailli'ucr -S.d; x iz.

- ---Ammoniums

-----Gei n

Saunders, Red Shumae.h, or Sumach To hue co, of the growth

talions or

- - - the lb.

the lb.

- the lb.

the cwt.

- the gallon

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

the Ik in or piece of Ik in

- the lb.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the cwt. the cwt.

- the cwt. the cwt.

too of the value the cwt.

for e\erv f

thereof, have been secured -Tornfal or Turnlble -\ alonia -

Yerdegvis -

Wood; viz.

----- Brazil Wood -

----- Urazilletlo or Jamaica Wood -

----- Full ick -

-----Loo'u nod -

•—----- Nicaragua Wood -*»

Duty.

the cwt.

----- the cwt.

----- the cwt.

----- the cwt,

----- the cwt.

- - - - the lb.

----- the cwt.

----- the cwt.

----- the cwt.

----- the cwt.

production, or manufacture, of the Plan-Dominions of Spain or Portugal, when

delivered, for Exportation, out of the Wareliouie in which inch Tobacco shall, on the Importation

the 11). the cwt.

- - the cwt.

the lb.

- - the cwt.

- - the cwt.

the cwt.

- - the cwt.

the ton ql 20 cwt.

£■ s. d.

O 0 4

O 0 1

0 0 1

O 0 4

O 0 5

O 0 9

O 4 8

O 0 2

O 0 9

0 0 4

0 1 4

0 1 4

1 1 o 8

0 6 5

0 4 8

0 1 0

6 0 0

0 0 8

0 0 11

0 4 8

0 1 4

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 4 8

0 4 8

0 0 10

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 4 8

0 4 4

0 0 1

0 1 2

0 0 9

0 0 3

0 1 4

0 5 0

Schedule (A.) OUTWARDS. Duty. 1

Wood—continued. * £. s. 6L

Red or Guinea Wood - - the cwt. 0 0 11

Sapan Wood - - - the cwt. 0 0 5

Wool; viz. Beaver Wool - - the lb. 0 2 6

BRITISH.

Alum ——

Cards; viz.

----- New Wool Cards -

Old Wool Garris

the cwt.

- the dozen

- the dozen

Coals usually sold by measure; viz.

-----exported to the Lie of Man - the chalder Winchester

measure

- - - to any Britidi Colony or Plantation in America,

the chalder, Winchester measure

- - - to any of the Territories of the United States

of America,

In a British-built Ship - the chalder Newcastle

measure

Not in a British-built Ship - the chalder,

Newcastle measure

• - - to any other place,

In a British-built Ship - the chalder, Newcastle

measure

Notin a British-built Ship - - the chalder,

Newcastle measure

----- exported in certain quantities, from the Ports ol New-

caliieand Swansea, to the Islandsy>f Guernsey, Jersey, j and Alderney - - the chalder, Newcastle measure

Coals usually sold by weight; viz.

----- exported to the Isle of' Man - - the ton q* 20 cwt.

- - - to any British Colony or Plantation in America,

the ton q* 20 cwt.

- - - to any of the Territories of the United States

of America,

In a British-built Ship - the ton of 20 cwt. Notin a British-built Ship - the ton ql 20 cwt.

- - - to any other place,

In a British-built Ship - the ton q* 20 cwt. Not in a British-built Ship - - - the ton

q* 20 cwt.

Copperas for every £. ico of (lie value

Culm; viz*

----- exported to the Isle of Man - the chalder, Winchester

measure

0 14

0 0 8 0 0 5

0 14

0 2 6

0 17 9

1 10 3

120

1 J5 4

o 12 o o o 10 o 1 8

0 5 9

o 10 o

079

O 12 O

600-

O Q §

1092

Appendix

A. 1803.

endir,

>• S4-)

Mali,

inued.

Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, &c. from Great Britain

Schedule (A.) OUT W ARDS.

Culm—continued.

J ----- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America,

the chalder Winchester measure - - - to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

In a British-built Ship - the chalder Newcastle

measur

Not in a British-built Ship - the chalder New-

castle measur

- - - to any other place,

In a British-built Ship

the chalder Newcastle measur

Not in a Britishi-built Ship - the chalder New-

calUe measur

----- the csvt.

Glue -Hair; viz.

----- Hart

----- Horie -

----- Ox or Cow

-----not particularly enumerated or the cwt.

- - , the cwt.

- the cwt.

dfferibed, and not prohi-

bited to be exported - - for c\cry £. too of the value Ilorfes, Mares, or Geldings ----- each Lapis Calaminaris ----- for every £. ioo of the value Lead, call or uncaft - - - - the fodder or ton ql 20 cwt.

•-- ore - -- - for every £. ioo of the value

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or dressed - - - the cwt.

Litharge of Lead ----- the cwt.

Skins; viz.

--- Badger Skins ----- the skin

--- Calve Skins tanned, tawed, or drelTcd - - the cwt.

---Cal Skins ----- the ioo

--- Coney Skins, drelVed, or tawed , - - the 120

--- Dog Skins ----- the dozen

--- Pox Skins ----- the lkin

--- Kid Skins in the hair - _ - - the 100

- - - - drelied - ----- the 100

--- Otter Skins, raw ----- the 1km

-----tawed or dressed - - - the lkin

--- Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or dressed, without wool, the

120

- - -.......tanned - the cwt.

—— Squirrel Skins ----- the 1,000

--- Swan Skins ----- the lkin

Skins or pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or deleribed,

and not prohibited to be exported - for every £. 100 of the

value

Tin umvrought ----- the cwt.

Duty.

£■ s. d.

O . 1 0

O 4 6

O 8 0

O 6 0

O 10 0

O 1 0

0 2 0

O 7 4

O 2 6

6 0 0

0 6 0

6 0 0

3 10 0

6 0 0

0 1 4

0 e 4

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 1 8

0 1 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 3 O

0 1 4

0 3 0

0 0 2

6 0 0

0 3 8

Schedule (A.) OUTWARDS.

Iu addition to the Duties hereinbefore charged on certain Goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence, the following Duties are to be paid; viz.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar - for every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof

Except

Bullion:

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the lile of Man, by virtue and under the authority of any licence which the Commissioners of llis Majeliv’s Customs iu England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant:

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the manufacture of Great Britain:

And refined Sugar or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined; and all retiued Sugar called Bastard; and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in pieces; and all Sugar called Candy; and Meluiles,

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Slreiglits of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £. Ioo of the true and real value thereof

Except

Bullion:

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the manufacture of Great Britain:

Any fort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloalhing, or Implements or Materials fit and necessary for the Britishi Fishery established in the Island of Newfoundland, exported from Great Britain to the said Island:

Refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined; and all refined Sugar called Ballard; ami ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in pieces; and ail Sugar called Candy; and Melasses.

0 to t

1 0 0

Schedule (A.) C O A S T\V I S E.

Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain into any port or place in England or Wales - the chalder Winchester measur

Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain into the Port of London; viz.

- - - in case they are such as are most usually

sold by weight - the ton q* 20 cwt.

- - - in case they are such as are most usually

sold by measur, the chalder Winchester

measur

----- (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coallwile from any port or place in Great Britain into any Port or place in England or Wales, (except into the Port of London); viz.

- - - in case they are such as are moll usually

sold by weight - the ton ql 20 cwt.

- in case they are such as are most usually

sold by measur - the chalder, Whichever measur

----- sent Coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-

Tyne to any other port or place in Great Britain - - the chalder, Newcastle measure

~----- brought Coastwise into the Port of London for the ul'e of the Koval llospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 chalders in any one year - the chalder Winchester measure

----- The Drawback of all the Duties is to be allowed for all Coals that shall be used for melting Copper and Tin Ores, within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; or in Fire Engines for the draining water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall.

-----The Drawback of all the Duties is to be allowed for all Coals that filial 1 be ul'ed in calcining or fm el ting Copper and Lead Ores within the I fie of Anglesey, or in Fire Engines for draining water out of the Mines* of Copper and Lead Ores within the said file.

The Drawback of all the Duties is to be allowed

Duty.

d.

6 o

]£• A

Drawback.

0 7 C O O

094 0 5 10

0 4* O w 00

060 056

O r* O —

0 6 0

Schedule (A.) COASTWISE.

for all Coals used for any purpose relating to the carrying on the works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates, and for otln-r purposes at Penny-gored in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works; provided the amount of such Drawback lliuil not exceed £. 1,000 in any one year.

Culm brought Coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain into the Port of London - the chalder Winchester measur

----- to be used for the burning of Lime sent Coult-

wife in any Veiled or Boat not exceeding 30 tons burthen, from any place within the limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other place within the Counties ot Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth - - the chalder Winchester measure

—— brought Coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain to any other port or piace in England or Wales (except the port of London, and exceptCulm carried from Milford as before-mentioned) - the chalder Winchester measur Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped Coastwise at any port in Great Britain, and delivered in any part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due oil the Exportation thereof shall have been paid; the Master of the YeiVel studl not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid, not only the Duties due on the Exportation of i'uch Cinders, Coals, and Culm, but, in addition thereto, lor C»very chalder thereof lo entered Coastwise, Winchester measur Slate, of the production of Great Britain, brought Coallwile lrom any port or place wilidii Great Britain to any other port or place therein - ir every £. 100 of the value Stone, of the production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise, hum am port or place within Great Britain, to any other port or place therein; (except ail Marble, Limellone, or li undone

Duty.

/. *. d.

05°

0 1 5

o 1 4

o 1 4

0 1

22 o

43 Ge6. III.

Appendix.

1093

Duti es of Custorhs payable on the Exportation of Goods, &c. from Great Britain—continued.

Ap

(N<

■ 18*

COA

Schedule (A.) COASTWISE.

Stone— con t in ued.

whatever; any Stone cut or manufactured iw*o JVJ ill ft ones, Grindstones, or Whetstones, or eitlrer of them; any Stone manufactured or converted into Pods and Caps for Cornftacks or Mow-ffe acts. Troughs, Gatepolts, or oilier Articles uibd for the purposes of Hu/handry; any Growanftone, or Stone commonly called or known by the name of Growanftone, or Stone commonly called or known by the name of Chinalione, or any oilier Stone to be tiled in the manuIaChire of Porcelaiiu: or of Pottery; any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burrlmnes; and any Stones used for the purpose of Paving, or for the purpose of making or mending Road*); for every £. too of the value -

Schedule (A.) TONNAGE D U T V

On Ships and Vessel s entering Inwards or Outwards (except in ballad) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign parts.

To i every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwmds or outwards (except in ballast) from or to the IHand* of Gucriifey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Filin rv ——

For e\cry ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel enter-

Duty. 1 Drawback. Schedule (A.) COASTWIS E. Duty.

£. s. £. s. d. ing inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to any port or place within the Sreights of Gibraltar - - For every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to £■ s. d. 010

• any-port or place in Rutlia,- or within Hie Baltic SeA For every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to 0 i 0

any ofher port or place in Europe - For every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to any port or place within the limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of 010

England trading, to the Eult Indies - For e\ery ton burthen of every Shin or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to 0 CO 0

22 O 0 the Cape of GoOd Hope -Fur every ton burthen of every "Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to any port or place in Africa, nut other wile enumerated or doferibed - - - - For every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to the Maud of Newfoundland, the Islands of Cape 026 010

006 Breton or.St. John, or the Couft of Labrador For every ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast) from or to any port or place in the United States of America, any Britdh Itland, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other part of America, not otherwise enu- 0 0 0'.

mcrated or described - 010

TABLE (B.) ....

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Giif.at Britain- of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or doleribed. being of the Growin, Production, or Munuiachire of the United States of America, and imported directly from thende; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain: Like wife, the Amount of the Additional or Countervailing Duty, pavabic on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when lb imported in American Ships; and of the Additional Tonnage or Countervailing Duty ou such Ships.

Table (B.)

A.

Arrow Root Allies, Tearl and Pot

the lb. the cwt..

Corn; viz,

-----Wheat, Wrheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oat-meal, IVafc, Beans, Indian Corn

or Maize; viz. _ -

-----Wheat, if the District price at the Port of Importation is

-----under 50s. per quarter—High Duty

- - - - at or above 505. but under 54 .9. per quarter—First: Low Duty

-----at or above 54$. per quarter—Second Low Duty - -

-Rye, Pease, Beans, if the District price at the Vort of Importation is -----under 34s. per quarter—High Duty -

- - - - at or above 34 s. but under 37.t. per quarter—Fir It Low Duty -----at or above 37s. per quarter—Second Low Duty

- Barley, Beer or Bigg, if the District price at the Port of Importation is

-----under 25 s. per quarter—High Duty - - - . -

-----at or above 255. but under 27s. per quarter—First Low Duty

-----at or above 27.5. per quarter—Second Low Duty -

— Oats, if the Distri<9 price at the Port of Importation is

- - - - under 17*. per quarter—High Duty -

-----at or above 17 a*, but under 18 s. per quarter—First Low Duty

- - - - at or above 18s. per quarter—Second Low Duty - -

— Wheat-meal and Flour, if the Distri61 price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is

- — - under 50.9. per quarter—High Duty ——

-----at or above 50s. but under 545. per quarter—First Low Duty

-----at or above 545. per quarter—Second Lo\v Duty ——

- Indian Corn, or Maize, if the District price of Barley at the Port of Importation is

- - - - under 25.9. per quarter—High Duty -

- - - - at or above 255. but under 27 s. per quarter—First Low Duty

-----at or above 27s. per quarter—Second Low Duty ——

the quarter the quarter the quarter

the quarter the quarter the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

- _ the cwt.

- the cwt. the cwt.

- the quarter

- the quarter

- the quarter

■Oatmeal, if the Distritft price at the Port of Importation is ..

----- . under 16s. per boll of 140 lbs. avoirdupois, or 128 lbs. Scotch troy—High Duty - the boll

----- at or above 16 s. but under 17,9. per boll-*-First Low Duty - - . - - " u°n

at or above 17$. per boll—Second Low Duty - - - - .. "

Cotton Wool, the 100 lb9.

Vox.. $S.

£■ *• OOl

OlO

1 4 3

026 006

120

016

003

o- 3

6 7 > o

0 6 6

Ol6

OlO

12 0 0 13

8 o

I O

o 6

o 8 4

12 z

determined by

Axhiitional Duty, f imported in an American Ship or Vessel-

£■ *■ OOIO the zoo lbs.

0 2 5

003 0 5 0 the 100 quarters.

0 2 2 0 0 2 0 2 6 the 100 quarters.

0 2 2

0 12 6

the 100 quarters.

0 2 6 the 100 quarters.

008

001

01 8

the 100 quarters.

0 0 8 0 0 2 OOl

0 2 2 O 12 6

the 100 quarters. 0 2 <r

the 100 quarters.

009 o 01

05°

the 100 bolls.

O O 10 the 100 lbs.

ogle.

Drawback.

endix,

54-)

Mali,

filmed.

1094

Appendix. A: 1803.

Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, &c. from Amenca^continued.

Table (B.>

Gum; viz.

---Cashtw Gum

G.

II.

the ewt.

the ton qr 20 ewt.

Hemp, rough or undressed -

Hides; viz.

._Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any way drelled - - the hide

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any way drefi'ed

- the hide

Hides, or pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100

of the value

I.

Indigo - - the 100 lbs.

Iron; viz.

-----in bars, or unwrought -

-----Pig Iron -

Oil; viz.

-----Spermaceti Oil or Head-matter

----- Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil

Pitch

O.

the ton q* 20 ewt. the ton q* 20 ewt.

the ton q* 252 gallons the ton ql 252 gallons

P.

R.

the last of 12 barrels, each barrel ql 31 - gallons

Rice

Rosin

the ewt. the ewt.

Seed; viz.

-----Hemp Seed;

S.

-----Rape Seed

Skins; viz.

— Beaver Skins^ undressed

----- the quarter of 8 bufiirls the lull q* 10 quarters, each quarter being 8 bufiiels ----- - the skin

—— Calvo-ikins, in the hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed Snuff ——

the dozen Lins the ib.

Spermaceti, fine

Tar -

Tobacco -

the lb.

T.

the last q? 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 311 gall >ns ----- - the lb.

----- having been manufactured in Great Britain into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco,

or Carrot Tobacco, and export* d - -- -- the lb.

Tonnage Countervailing Duty on Ships and Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, coming or arriving within the limits of any Port of Great Britain - for every ton burthen Turpentine, common the ewt.

Whale

Wood

■fins

W.

----- the ton qT 20 ewt.; viz.

Anchor Stocks - _ _

Balks of all forts, under 8 inches square -

Battens and Batt* n Ends of all forts - -

Beech, Plank of all forts ......

---Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square -

Boards; viz.

- - - - Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square -----Pipe Boards, of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square,

Boards of all forts, not other wise enumerated or described ----- the 120

Box-wood - - - the ton qc 20 ewt.

Deals, and Deal Ends, of all forts - -- -- u,

Ebony - ...... the ton, ql 20 ewt.

- - the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet hiiih

the piece the 120 the 120 the 120 the 120

- the 120

Eire-wood

Fir-quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square Handspikes, under 7 feet in length -

- - — - - 7 feet in length, or upwards

Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches square --- - — - -- g inches square, or upwards -

Lath-wood, in pieces of all forts, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet hbrii Lignum Vi tic - - - - _ _

Mahogany - ‘ - -

Mufts, Yards, or Bowlprils,

- - -, 6 inches in diameter, and tinder 8 inches -

- - 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches ——

- - - the 120

the 120

- the 120

- the 120

the load ql 50 cubic, feet

- the ton q1 20 ewt.

- the ton qc 20 ewt.

• " " . - - the piece

Oars ...... * - - - the mo

Olive Wood . ~ the 120

Round Wood in pieces of ail forts, under 8 inches square - ton q -o cu t.

w pars of all forts, under <3 inches in diameter, exclusive of the Bark - - ti, A,

• Speckled Wood - - " ine 120

• Spokts for Wheels, of all forts - V - " . * / / _ " . * " tl,e ton 20 Cwt*

- Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length - - . I I " " tL*’?

...... exceeding 50 inches in lenaJth . * .10 120

the 120

\dduk>n*l Duty, U imported in an American Ship or Vessel.

£■ s. d. £■ f. d.

O 4 2 K 0 O 5

0 5 0 0 0 6

O 0 6 O 0 7

the dozen.

O 0 6 O 0 7

the dozen.

3 12 0 O '7 2

0 12 6 0 1 3

the 100 lbs.

0 0 0 7 9

0 4 6 0 2 0

22 1 0 2 4 1

21 0 0 2 2 0

0 15 9 O * 7

0 4 8 O 9 4

the ton.

0 2 0 0 0 2

0 0 5 0 4 2

the joo quarters.

0 2 6 0 0 3

0 0 3 0 2 6

the loofkini.

0 1 2 O 0 1

0 1 0 0 10 0

the 100 lbs.

0 0 10 0 0 1

0 12 0 0 1 2

0 0 6 O 1 6

the ico lbs.

O 2 0

0 2 6 0 0 3

120 0 0 12 0 0

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 5 0 O 10 0

0 5 0 O 10 0

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 7 6 O 3 9

0 12 0 O 8 5

0 5 0 O 10 0

1 0 0 0 9 9

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 12 9 1 10 4

0 0 6 O 0 7

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 l 4 0 1 5

a 2 8 0 2 10

0 5 0 0 3 4

0 3 4 0 1 10 3 2

0 3 6 0

0 6 8 0 5 8

2 6 8 0 4 8

0 2 0 0 0 *2

0 5 0 0 0 6

0 18 9 0 1 to

0 5 0 0 4 6

0 12 0 p 9 2

0 7 6 0 10 5

0 2 0 0 4 1

0 10 0 0 3 9

9 10 0 0 10 9

0 3 9 0 6 3

0 0 9 0 1 1

& 1 6 p a 9

Drawback.

£• '• d.

14 14 0,

14 0 0

0 10 0 040

0 1 4

006

0 7 3

006 0 1 6

go

0 0

1 10 9

0

0 9

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1095

Duties ot Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, &c. from America—

Appl - (No 18*. Conti

Table (B.)

Wood"

the ton q* 20 cwt.

-continued.

Sweet Wood - * - -

Timber; viz*

----- Oak Timber, 8 inches square, or upwards - the load q* 50 cubic feet

-----ot all forts, not otherwise enumerated or described, being 8 inches square, or upwards - the

iTr /• .1 /• t 0 . _ load ql 50 cubic feet

U ters of all forts, under 8 inches square - - - _ - the 120

-----Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square, or upwards

the load q* 50 cubic feet

----- unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £•100 the value

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in this Table, not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, being of the growth, production, or manutaclure of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence according to Law, shall and nmv be entered and landed on payment of Inch Duties of Customs (and also of Excile in cases where Duties of Excile are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like denomination or description upon their Importation into Great Britain in Britilli-built Ships, from any other Foreign Country; and in cases where dillerent Duties are impoied upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like denomination and description, imported from dillerent Foreign Countries, then upon payment of the lowest Duties which by Law ore required to be paid on the Importation in Britiili-built*’Ships of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from any Foreign Country.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence in American Ships or \elleis, owned and navigated as required by 37 Geo. III. cap. 97. and not being particularly charged with an additional Duty when so imported, lor every £. 100 on the produce and amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by 1 aw on the Importation into Great Britain of the like Goods or Merchandize, from any of the said United States, in British-built Ships or Vessels -

Duty. Additional Duty, if imported in an American Ship or Vessel. Drawback.

£■ s. d. 0 10 0 £■ *• d. 0 13 3 £■ d.

034 0 2 0 —

016 0 10 0 034 0 2 O O IO O 029 /

3 12 0 2 0 0 S

IO O O

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable upon the Goods, Ware?, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described^. Imported into Great Britain by the United Company uf Alerch.-nts of England trading to the Eulr Indies, and secured in Warehouses; also, of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when t^k^u out of such Warehouses, to be used or consumed in Great Britain; together with the Drawbacks to be allowed on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported, upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

Table (C.) Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported, to be secured in Warehouses; viz.

----- Mullins pia’ie, Niinquin Cloths, Mullins or white

Calicoes llowemi or Hitched - - for oveiv

loo of the value

—;— Plain white Calicoes, pla n while Dunity, and all Goods, Wares., and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or uled in Great Britain - lor every £. 100 of the value

----- Coffee and Cocoa Nuts - for every £. 100 of

the value

----- Sugar - - for every £. 100 of the value

— - All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Bullion, Cotton, Wool, Saltpetre, and Tea) - - for every £. 100 of the value

Which several values shall be ascertained according to the Gross Price at which fitch Goods respectively Until have been loid at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any deduction or abatement whatever.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported and warehoused (not being prohibited to be worn or uled in Great Britain) may be delivered from such Warehouses for the purpose of being uled or consumed in Great Britain, on payment of the following Duties of Customs, exclusive of the Duties before-mentioned, paid or secured by the said Company, on warehousing any of the said Goods, and also on payment of such Excise or other Duties as shall be due or payable thereon at the time of such delivery; viz.

A.

Almonds; viz.

-----Bitter

•-----of any other fort

Aloes; viz.

----- Socotorina

----- of any other fort

Alum -

----- Roch Alum -

Amber, rough -

Ambergris

Annotto

the cwt. ► the cwt.

the lb.

- the lb.

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the lb. the oz. troy

the cwt.

Duty.

/. *. d.

7 10 0

2 10 0

2 IO O 1 0 0

2 0 0

0 17 2 18

O 1 O O

O 10 o 4

O o

0 2

1 3

Drawback.

Table (C.)

Aqua-fortis

Arangoes Arsenic Afa-fietida -

Balsam; viz.

-----Artificial

-----Natural

- - - the cwt.

for every £. 100 of the value * the cwt.

- - - - the lb.

£■ *■ d.

O84 52 IO O 076 O 04

B.

the lb. the lb. the cwt.

Barilla Bark; viz.

-----Jeluit's Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus - the lb.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Bdellium - the lb.

Beads; viz.

----- Amber Beads - the lb.

Arangoe Beads - for every £. 100 of the value

the lb.

- the 1,000

- the lb. the oz. troy

- the cwt. the cwt.

the lb. the lb.

Coral Beads Chrystal Beads -

Benjamin Bezoar Stones Books, bound

----- unbound

Borax, refined

unrefined or Tincal

Bottles of green or common glass, full or empty, not of lei’s content than one pint, and not being phials, the

dozen quarts

Bullion, and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

Calicoes; viz.

----- Plain white Calicoes - for every £. 100 of

the value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, flamed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the value - the lb. - - - the lb.

-- the lb.

Camphire, refined

— ----- unrefined - -

Candles of Wax

Canes; viz.

----- Bamboo -

----- Rattans (not ground Rattans) -

----- Reed Canes ...

- the 1,000

- the 1,000 -the 1,000

Goo£

Duty.

35

o

o

52

o

o

o

o

4

3

o

o

2 O

1 9 7 8

o o ° 4

6 o

10 o

9 5

16 10

0 8

1 o o o o

5 o

50

o

0

1

1

1

16

Drawback.

£■ '■ d-

50 O

109

.Appendlk.

A.

ndix,

- 54-)

Maii,

wed.

Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, &c. from the East Indies—continued.

Table (C.)

Canes—continued. £• s. d.

- . Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon s

Blood, and other walking Canes or Sticks,

the 1,000 2 8 9

Cantharides - - the lb. O 1 10

Caps of Cotton - for every £. 100 of the value 52 0 0

Cardamoms - - - the lb. O 1 0

Carmine - - - - the oz. troy O 1 6

Carnets, of Persia the yard square 1 id 0

- of Turkey, containing 4 yards square or up-

wards - - the carpet 2 15 0

containing less than 4 yards Iquare

the carpet O H 1

Cassia; viz.

Buds - the lb. 0 0 6

Eiltula - - the lb. O 0 4

Lignea * - - the lb. O 1 2

China-root - the lb. 0 0 7

China Ware for every f. 100 of the value 5° 0 0

Cinnibaris Nativa: - - the lb. 0 1 0

Cinnamon - . the lb. 0 1 6

Cloves - - the lb. 0 0 .) 3

Cochineal - the lh. 0 0 4

Cocoa Nuts - the lb. 0 0 2

Coculus Indus - - the lb. 0 1 0

Coflee v - the lb. 0 0 5

Cnloquintida - - the lb. 0 0 p

(Vmmbo-root - - the lb. 0 0 8

Copper; viz.

Ore - - the cwt. 0 0 G

Unwrought; viz. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper,

and all call Copper the cwt. 0 1 0

• Copper in plates , and Copper Coin - the cwt. 0 9 4

Part wrought; viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots,

hammered or raised - the cwt. 0 18 8

Coral; viz.

in fragments - - the lb. 0 0 6

whole, polished - . - - - the lb. 0 6 10

- - - unpoliflied - the lb. 0 3 A

C off us - - the lb. 0 o> (j

Cotton; viz.

* Manufactures of, not particularly enumerated

or described - for every £. ioo of the value 52 0 0

Cowries - for every £. 100 of the value 52 10 0

Cubcbs - the lb. 0 0 0 O

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious Stones and Jewels - for every £. 100 of the value

Dimity; viz.

----- plain white Dimity - for every £. 100 of

the value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods, which shall have been printed, flamed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain - - for every £. 100 of

the value

Drawings, coloured - each

----- plain ----- each

Drugs, manufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the value

-----unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated

or dcfcished, or otherwise charged with Duty

Duty.

Drawback.

£. d.

30

Elephants Teeth

1 - the cwt.

Feathers; viz.

- -----Ottrich Feathers, dretfed - - the lb.

-----undressed - - the lb.

— ----- of any other fort, undressed - - for every

£. 100 of the value Flax, undressed, or rough - the cwt.

Galanga Galbanuin Galls -Gamboge Garnets; viz ----- cut

G.

the lb.

• the lb. the cwt.

• the lb.

rough

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the lb, the lb.

.Ginger -

— -----preserved

Ginseng -Glass; viz.

broken, fit only to be re-manufactured - the cwt. ' manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated . or

delcnbed - - for every £. 100 of the value ramtings on Glafc, for every £. 100 of the value

0 1 8

0 0 10

01 0 1 0 0

35 0 0

2 7 0

1 11 8

O 8 G

35 0. 0

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 7

0 5 0

0 0 8

0 16 10

0 5 8

0 14 0

0 0 9

0 0 10

0 1 9

70 0 0

70 0 0

Table (C.)

Gum; viz.

----- Ammoniacus

----- An im i -

----- Arabic -

-----Calhew --

-----Copal -

----- Eletnt -

----- Ear; viz.

- - Cake-lack -

- - Shellac or Seed-lac

- - Stick-lac ----- Opopanax -

----- Sagapenum -

-----Sandrake or Juniper

----- Sarcocolla - - -•

----- Senega -

----- Tragacanth

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the cwt. the lb. the lb.

the lb.

- - the lb.

- the cwt.

the lb. the lb.

- . - the cwt.

the lb.

the cwt. the lb.

Gum, not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 1O0 of the value

II.

Hair; viz.

----- Camel

----- Goat or Carmcnia Wool

•--- Human -

» the lb., the lb. the lb.

Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, stained, painted, or dyed - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Hemp undressed, or any other vegetable substance of the nature and quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame purposes - the ton ql *20 cwt. Hides; viz.

-----Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair, and not

tanned, tawed, or in any way drelied, the hide

----- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the hair, and not

tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the hide Hides, or pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way drolled, not particularly enumerated or described, or otnenvilc charged with Duty as such - for every £. 100 of the value

Horns; viz

----- l^itfalo, Cow, or Ox - - the 100

Horl’es, Mares, or Geldings - each

J.

Japanned Wares - - for every £. 100 of the value Indigo ----- the 100 lbs.

Payable when taken out of the warehouse either for Exportation or to be ul’ed in Great Britain.

Duty.

Lacquered Ware Lapis; viz.

----- (hilaminaris

----- Contrayervaj -

-----Lazuli

----- Tutias

Lead; viz. White Lead

L.

for every £. 100 of the value

the cwt. - the oz. troy - the lb.

- - the lb.

the cwt.

Mace -

Madder Root Manna -

Maps -Maltich; viz.

-----Red

of any other fort

M.

the lb. the cwt. the lb.

the piece

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the lb. the oz. troy

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

s. d. o 6 o 4

4 2 4

o 10

o

o

4

2

0

10

o

4

0

Melasses

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough Musk ...

Mullins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins, or white Calicoes, flowered or Hitched - for every £. 100 ol

the value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, ltained, painted, or dyed in Great

90

o

3

Britain Myrobalans; viz.

-----— Candied

----- Dry -

Myrrh -

Nutmegs Nux Vomica

Oil; viz.

-----of CajapUta -

•—— of Cassia

-----of Castor

---— of Cinnamon

-----of Cloves

-----of Linseed

- for every £. 100 of the value

N.

O.

the lb 003

the cwt. 05°

the lb. 0 0 8

the lb. 0 $ A

the lb. 0 0 t>

the oz. troy 0 1 6

the oz. troy 0 1 6

the lb. 0 0

the oz. troy 0 2 £ c

the oz. troy 0 0 *s _ * r

1 25 2 gallons 28 11 c

35 o o

11

25 o 0

050

006

006

50 o 0 o 10 5

50 o 0

>0 0 0

___-__IX

o

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1097

Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, &c. from the East Indies—

Table (C.)

Oil-

-continued,.

•of Mace of Nutmegs -of Turpentine

£■ *■ d.

- the oz. troy OlO

- the oz. troy OlO

- - the lb. 0 0 3

the cwt. O4O

- - the cwt. 1 5 4

the lb. 022

the gallon 016

- - the cwt. 0170

- - the cwt. 017 0

enumerated or de-

- - the lb. 0 0

Oker -Olibanum -Opium -Orange Flower Water Orpiment or Auripigmfcntuin Orris or Iris Root -

lie ri bed -Paper; is?.

----- llrown Paper, made of old rope or cordage only,

without lepara.ing or extracting the pitch or tar there]roni, and without any mixture of other materials therewith - the lb.

----- Printed, painted, or flamed Paper, or P.4per

' Hangings- - the yard fq ware

-----of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or

ddenbed, or otlu-rwile charged with Out), the lb.

Topper ...... the lb.

-----Cayenne Pepper - the lh.

- -----Long Pepper - the lh.

Pickles of all lhrts, not otherwise enumerated or de-

imbed - the gallon

Pictures; viz.

- -----uiithrr two feet square - - the picture

• -----oi two ltd liquate, and under four feet square,

the pic!are

• -----of four fed l’quare or upwards - the pictuie

Plate; viz.

- --- ot Gold - the oz. troy

----- ol Silver, gilt - the oz. troy

— - - part-gilt - the oz. tioy

- — - ungilt - - - the oz. troy

Prints; riz.

-----Paper Prints, plain

----- - - coloured

Quicksilver

Radix Contrayervse -

Phuhaib

Rice -

Q.

R.

Safflower -

Saffron -

Sal; viz.

---Ammoniacus - —

---Cum ——

Sulrp or Salop -

Saltpetre -

Sanguis Draconis Saunders; viz.

----- r» d -

----- white

•----- yeliow ——

Scanunonv - - - - '

Sea Cow, Sea Uorfe, or Sea Morse Teeth -

the piece for every £. too of the value

- - - the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the cwt.

■ the cwt. the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- thecw*.

- . the lb.

the cwi.

► the lb

the cwt. the ki

- the lb. the lb. the lb.

the cwt. the c wt. the cwt.

Duty.

Seed; viz.

-----Anmlecd -

--- Coriander Seed -

-----Citnnnm Seed

-----Carden Seed or Forest Seed, not particularly

enumerated or 0. termed - - the lb.

-----Worm Seed ----- the lb

— - - - not otherwise enumerated or de-

ieribed - - for every £. ioo ot

the valm

Sena -- - - - - the ib.

Silk; v iz.

Knubs or Unfits of Silk - . - the lb.

-----Raw Silk; m.

— - - - Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb.

— - - - oi any other fort - - the lb.

-----Wafie Silk ...... the lb.

Skins; viz.

-----. Calve Skins, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, o;

m any way dressed - - - the dozen

----- CordivanU, drdfed - , the dozen

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 2 O'

0 O 4

0 1 6

2 2 0

4 4 0

6 6 0

2 7 3

0 3 9

0 3 6

0 2 6

0 0 10

vO 0 0

0 1 0

0 0 9

0 1 0

0 4 8

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 0 4

0 0 i

0 4 0

0 0 b

0 0

0 0 u<

0 2 4

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 3 6

0 X 0

1 7 0

0 5 0

0 9 6

0 0 3

0 0

35 0 0

0 0 0

0 1 10

0 3 fj

0 4 0

0 1 10

0 1 2

1 0 0

Drawback.

£■ s. d.

Table (C.)

Sk i ns—cunt in ucd.

----- Dog Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed - the dozen

----- Elk Skins, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefi'ed - - - - the skin

----- Hulfe Skins, undretfed - the skin

-----Leopard Skins, undretfed - - the skin

----- Martin Skins, undressed - the skin

----- Seal Skins, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed - - - the skin

----- Squirrel Skins, undressed - - the ioo skins

----- Tyger Skins, undressed - the skin

Skins, or pieces of Skins, raw' or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such - - for every £. too of the value Skins, or pieces of Skins, tanned, tawed, or in any way dreiled, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such - - - for every £. ioo of the value

Snuff -Spikenard Spirits; viz.

-----Arrack -

-----Brandy

-----Geneva

-----Rum

Squills -

Squinanthum -Stockings of Cotton S to rax , viz.

— -----Calamita, or Liquida

-----in the Tear or Gum

Succadcs -

Sugar -

Sugar Candy; viz.

-----*—— brown

— - — white -

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the gallon

- the gallon

- the gallon

- the gallon

- the cwt.

- the lb.

for every £. ioo of the value

• the lb. the ib. the lb the cwt.

the cwt. the cwt

Talc

Tamarinds

'lea

Terra Janonica

- the lb.

- the lb. for every £. ioo of the value

- the lb.

Thread; viz. Cotton Thread, for every^. ioo of the value Tobacco - - the lb.

Tortoise-shell, roujh and unmanufactured - the lb. ’lurbith ----- the lb.

'I litmeric - - * - - - the lb.

Ve; narclli ----- the lb.

Vcnnwiion, or Cinnabar - the lb.

W.

Wax; viz.

-----Le.-s Wax, white or manufactured - the cwt.

— - - - unmanufactured - - the cwt.

Wood; riz.

----- Ebony Wood - - - the ton ql 20 rw.,

-----* Red Wood - - - - the ton q* 20 cwt.

Wool;

- Role Wood -

- Teake Wood, 8 inches square,

the load q’

viz.

■ Cotton Wool - -

• Lambs Wool, or Sheeps Wool

Y.

Yarn; viz. Cotton Yarn

Z.

Zedoaria

- the cwt. or upwards, 50 cubic teet

the 100 lbs. - the cwi.

- the lb.

- the lb.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, being either in part or wholl) manufactured, and not being enumerated or defen bed, or otherwise charged with Duty, when so imported, not prohibited to be imported into or uled in Great Britain, and not being exempt from Duty - - - for every £. 100 of the value

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported determined by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or de-fenbed, or otherwise charged with Duty, when so imported, not prohibited to be imported into or uled in Great Britain, and not being exempt from Duty - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Duty.

£. s. d. 006

35

90

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

5*

o

o

0

1

3

5

o

o

5

o

>2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o o 8 9

8

4

10 o

1‘2 O

1 10 1 4

o 3

0 3

1 2

15

o

o

3

8

o 10

008

50 O o

20 O ft

Drawback.

O fr

VOL. 58.

13 A

1098

Appendix

A. 1803.

ndix,

54-)

funii,

nued.

Jovis, 16° die Junii, 1803.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of fa much of His Majest/s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 23d day of November last, as relates to affording to Mercantile Transactions all the Facility and Accommodation that may be confident with the Security of the Public Revenue.

RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, lha.ll ccale and determine (save and except the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament; and also, the Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, granted by another Act of this Session of Parliament, except the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Manufacturers ol, and Dealers in, Tobacco and Snuff, and the Duty on Tobacco of the Growth or Manufacture of the Dominions of Spain and Portugal, delivered for Exportation; and also, save and except the Countervailing Duties, granted by the Act of Union with Ireland, upon Goods and Commodities imported from thence into Great Britain, except the Countervailing Duties granted by the said Act on Beer, Ale, and Mum, Bricks and Tiles, Candles, Cvder and Perry, Hops, Vellum and Parchment, Mead or Metheglin, Spirits, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Gold and Silver Thread Luce or Fringe; and alld, save and except the Drawbacks upon Goods exported from Great Britain to Ireland, granted and allowed by the Act of Union); and that the several and respective Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks following, be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Auctions.

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of any interest, in pofl'eflion or reversion, in any Freehold, Customary, Copyhold, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and any Share or Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of any Corporation or Chartered Company, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Ships and Vessels, and of any Reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less linn of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Coumiiflion -

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission

Cocoa Nuts and Coffke.

For every pound wreight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the growth or produce of any Britilli Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all other Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain - -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the growth or produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee imported into Great Britain -

Duty.

006

o o 10

Cyder and Perry.

Beer.

For every barrel of Strong Beer or Ale, or Beer or Ale above Sixteen Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the Duty thereon, and not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other person or persons, who shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately - - - - * - /

For every barrel of Table Beer, or Beer or Ale of Sixteen Shillings the barrel, or under, exclusive of the Duty thereon, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other perl'on or persons, who shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately -

For every barrel of Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland - For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, Wine Measure, of Spruce Beer, and of all other forts or kinds of Beer or Ale, and for every such barrel of Mum, which shall be imported from parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the fame not being lnili Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported directly from Ireland -

o 10 o

oao

042

2 0 0

Bricks and Tiles.

For every thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimensions, that is to lay; ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide For every thousand of Bricks which shall he made in Great Britain exceeding any of the foregoing dimensions -

For every thousand of Bricks which lha.ll be made in Great Britain, and which shall be smoothed or polished on one or more tide or lides, the lame not exceeding the fupei iicinl dimensions of ten inches long by five inches wide -

For every hundred of such last mentioned Bricks exceeding the aforesaid luperlicial dimensions -

For every thousand of plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every thousand of Pan or Ridge Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten inches fcjuure -

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in 5 Great Britain, exceeding ten inches square -

For every thousand 1 iles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated or described, by whatever name or names l'uch Tiles are or may be called or known - - - - _ -

Candles.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of CandVv«f Tallo and other Candles whatsoever, except Wax and Spermac. Candles, which shall he made in Great Britain - -

l or every pound weight Avoirdupois ot Candles which ft. be made ...Great Britain, of Wax or of Spermaceti, or which

- Si, . ’ eitW "»* or Spermaceti Candli

■otwithstanding the mixture of any otlwr ingredients therewitl

050 o 10 o

0 12 0

The Duties on Paving Tiles.

o 4 10 o 12 10 025 o 4 10

0 4 10

001 o o 3J

For every Iiogfliead of Cyder and Pern* made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid for by the tirft Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a dealer or retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be sent or consigned, to be sold or disposed o/, until, and upon, the 23d day of June 1804, Sixteen Shillings, and from and after the said 23d day of June 1804 -

For every tun of Cyder and Perry which shall be imported from parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, hot being Irish Cyder or Perry, imported directly from Ireland -

Glass.

For every hundred weight of materials, or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name iocver the lame are or may be called or known, and that dial I be made use ot in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the following turns respectively; that is to say,

In the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel Trained, or Palte Glass, or Phial Glass ——

----- in the making of spread Window Glass, commonly called or known determined by the name of Broad Glass - ~ "

----- in the making of all other Window Glass, not being

spread Glass, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Gluts, or German Sheet Glass -

----- and in the making of common Bottles, the fame not

being Phials, and of vessels made use of in chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glalles, and of all other vessels and utensils made of common bottle metal - -

For every hundred weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass Manufactures, which shall be imported from parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the fame not being tlatks in which wine or oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign green Glais Bottles, nor Irish Glass, or Glut's Manufactures, imported directly from Ireland - "

HtDES and Skins.

For every poimd weight Avoirdupois of Hides, of what kind soever, and of Calces Skins, Kips, Ilog Skins, I)og Skins, and Seal Skins, which iha.ll be tanned in Great Britain; and ol Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, for Gloves and Bazils ......

For every dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Shomack, or otherwise, *in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather

For every dozen of Sheep Skins tanned lor Roans, being alter the nature of Spanish Leather, in Great Britain - -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, an of all parts and pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tanned in (treat Britain, not before particularly charged - " "

For and upon ail Hides of Horles, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Alum and Sail, or Meal, or otherwde tawed, in Great Britain^ for every such hide -

Duty.

0 1 10

020

030

0 i 1

0 1 6 020

1 9 9

17 17 0

1 12 t

0 S 2

1 4 4

0 4 1

•i 2

0 0 >t 0 4# 0 5 J

-----igitivsd by GOQffle

O

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1099

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, Drawbacks, oi Excise—continued,.

Schedule (A.)

For and upon all Hid *s of St'*ei> and Cows, or any other Hides, of what kind loever, those o; 1 lories, Mares, or Gcidings ex-.cepted, which shall ue id drened in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, for every Inch hide

For every pound weight Avoirdupois ot all Calve Skins, Kips, and Seal Skliia, which shall he i‘o dre;n*d in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great I’nla u -

For every dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which Shall be id dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otiierwiie tawed, in Great Britain, with the Hair on -

For every dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which Shall he so dressed or tawed without hair, and every dozen of Dog Skins, and of Kid Skins, which shall be tawed as aforesaid, in Great Britain - For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins, which shall be so dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain -

For every dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins, which shall held dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, in Great Britain -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lambs Skins, which lha.ll be to drilled in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or ©therwife tawed, in Great Britain - -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all parts and pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be to dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise taw ed, in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall ue drened in Oil in Great Britain

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all H ides and parts and pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every dozen of Vellum, which shall be made in Great Britain ——

For every dozen of Parchment, which shall be made in Great Britain ——

Hops.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made lit for use ——

Licences.

For and upon all Licences to be taken out by the Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers, and other Persons herein after mentioned, within Great Britain, to be paid by Inch Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers, or other persons, respectively, the several Annual Sums herein after mentioned; that is to lay,

By every person exercising the trade or business of an Auctioneer, for every such Lieci.ce -

Every Common Brewer cf Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every tuch Licence -

Evrrv Common Brewer who thall brew any Strong Beer, for every Inch Licence, if the quantity of Beer brewed by Inch Common Brewer within the year ending the tilth day of July in each year, previous to taking out the Licence, thall not exceed one thousand barrels -

If the fame th ill exceed one thousand barrels, and thall not exceed two thousand barrels -

If the same shall exceed two thousand barrels, and thall not exceed five thousand barrels -

If the fame shall exceed five thousand barrels, and shall not exceed Wen thousand five hundred barrels -

If the tame thall exceed seven thousand five hundred barrels, and thall not exceed ten thousand barrels -

If the fame shall exceed ten thousand barrels, and thall not exceed twenty thousand barrels -

If the fame shall exceed twenty thousand barrels, and thall not exceed thirty thousand barrels -

If the fame shall exceed thirty thousand barrels, and shall not exceed forty thousand barrels -

Or, if the lame shall exceed forty thousand barrels Every person who thall first become a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence One Pound len Shillings; and, within ten days after the fifth day of July next, after taking out such Licence, such further additional turn as, wfith the said One Pound Ten Shillings, shall amount to the Duty before directed to be paid, according to the number of barrels of Strong Beer brewed within the preceding year -

Every Maker of Wax Candles, or Spermaceti Candles, for fide, for every such Licence -

Every Dealer in, or Seller of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being a maker of such Candles, for every such Licence

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, for lale, for every such Licence

Every person trading in, vending, or felling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, for every such Licence -

Every Glassmaker, for a Licence for each and every Glass-house ——

Every Tanner within the limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, fqr every such Licence ——

Duty.

o o

d.

n

0 6 o

1 o o

1 10 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

7 10 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

l 10 o

andaSurcharge.

6 o o

0 10 6

1 O Q

056 10 o o 5 o

ij

Schedule (A.)

Duty.

Every other Tanner, for every such Licence -Every Tawer, for every such Licence -Every Droller ot Hides and Skins in Oil, for every such Licence ——

Every Currier, for every such Licence - -

Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment, for every such Licence -

Every Mai titer, or Maker of Malt, for sale, for every such Licence, it the quantity of Malt made by Inch Ma!titer, or Maker of Malt, within the year ending the 5th day of July in each year, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not exceed fifty quarters -

If the tame shall exceed fifty quarters, and shall not exceed one bund c*d quarters -

If the lame shall exceed one hundred quarters, and shall not exceed one hundred and fifty quarters -

It the lame shall exceed one hundred and fifty quarters, and shall not exceed two hundred quarters -

It the lame shall exceed two hundred quarters, and shall not . exceed two hundred and fifty quarters -

It the lame shall exceed two hundred and fifty quarters, and shall not exceed three hundred quarters -

It the fame shall exceed three hundred quarters, and shall not exceed three hundred and filtv quarters -

It the lame thall exceed three hundred and fifty quarters, and shall not exceed four hundred quarters -

ll the lame shall exceed lour hundred quarters, and shall not exceed four hundred and fifty quarters -

If the lame shall exceed tour hundred and listy quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred quarters -

It the lame shall exceed five hundred quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred and fiftyr quarters -

Or, it the fame should exceed five hundred and fifty quarters -Every person who shall first become a Malttier, or Maker of Mult for lale, for every such Licence, Five Shillings, and within ten days after the 5th day of July next, after taking out such Licence, such further additional sum, as, with the said Five Shillings, shall amount to the Duty directed to be paid according to wlie quantity of Malt made within the preceding year

Every Maker of Melheghn or Mead for lale, for every such Licence ——

Every Maker of Paper or Pafieboard, and every Paper Stainer, for every loch Licence -

Every per Ion trading in, vending, or felling, any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any quantity of Gold exceeding two pennyweights and under two ounces in weight, or any quantity of Silver exceeding five pennyweights and under thirty ounces in weight, in any one separate and distinct ware or piece of goods, is or shall be manufactured, for every such Licence - -

Every person trading in, vending, or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any quantity of-Gold of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or any quantity of Silver of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, in any one separate and distinct ware or piece of goods, is or shall he manufactured; and every Pawnbroker trading in, vending or selling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods or Wares in which any quantity of Gold or Silver is or shall he manufactured, or taking in or delivering out Paw ns of such Plate, Goods, or Wares; and every Refiner of Gold or Silver, for every such Licence -

Every’ Calico Printer, and every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Linens, Cottons, or Stulls, for every such Licence -Every Maker of Soap for sale, for every such Licence -Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for sale or for exportation within England, for every Inch Licence -Every Rectifier of Spirits within England, for every such Licence ——

Every Dealer in Brandy'or other Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, not being a Retailer in any part of Great Britain, or not being a Wliolefale Seller of, or Dealer in, plain Aqua Vitae only, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British materials in Scotland, for every such Licence Every person in Scotland, who shall by wholesale fell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British materials, and commonly called or known by the name of Aqua Y’iUr, in that part of the I nited Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, Rectificr, Compounder, or Retailer of Spirits, for every such Licence to fell plain Aqua Vi tie only determined by Wholesale ——

Every Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vital only, made as distilled from British materials in Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, if the Dwelling-house in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on Inhabited Houses at a rent of Fifteen Pounds per annum, or upwards -

----- If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds per annum, or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds -

----- If at Twenty Pounds per arinum, or upward*, and under

Twenty-five Pounds -

2

1

2 2

.1.

10

o

o

o

d.

o

o

o

o

A pi (N< 16°

ton

5

o 10

o 15

1 10

1 15

250

2 10 o

15

o

050

and aSurcharge. IOO

2 6 9

5 15

10

2

10

30a

4 14 a

5 a

5 1*

1100

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, Drawbacks, of Excise—continual.

Schedule (A.)

____ If at Twenty-five Pounds per annum, or upwards, and

under Thirty Pounds - 1 -

— If at 'Thirty Pounds per annum, or upwards, and under

Forty Pounds - - - , - ‘ " ' '

___ If at Forty Pounds per annum, or upwards, and under

Fifty Pounds - - - - " " "

____C)r, if at Fifty Pounds per annum, or upwards -

Every person who within the limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony, or Regality, in any part of Scotland, or in any place in any other part of Scotland, other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that cal'e made and provided, shall retain any Spirits made or diddled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other Britishi materials, and commonly called or known by the name of Aqua Vitar, in that part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vitae only -

Every person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Distritfs of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, lor every such Licence -

Every Starch Maker, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid ——

Every Maker of any kind of Sweets, or Made Wines, other than Mead, for sale, for every such Licence -

Every Retailer of Britilli-made Wines or Sweets, for every such Licence ——

Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by such person for manufacture, within the year ending oil the loth day of October previous to taking out the Licence, shall not have exceeded twenty thousand pounds weight -

If the same shall have exceeded twenty thousand pounds,

and shall not have exceeded thirty thousand pounds weight

----- If the lame shall have exceeded thirty thousand pounds,

and shall not have exceeded forty' thousand pounds weight

----- If the same shall have exceeded forty thousand pounds,

and shall not have exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight

----- If the same shall have exceeded fifty thousand pounds,

and shall not have exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight

----- If the same shall have exceeded sixty thousand pounds,

and shall not have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight

----- If the same shall have exceeded seventy thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight ——

----- If the same shall have exceeded eighty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded ninety thousand pounds

weight ——

----- If the same shall have exceeded ninety thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight ——

----- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand pounds weight -

----- It the same shall have exceeded one hundred and

twenty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight -

----- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred and fifty

thousand pounds weight -

Every person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence, Two Pounds; and within ten days after the loth day of October next, after taking out Inch Licence, such further additional sum as, with the said Two Pounds, shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the quantity of Tobacco and Snuff' Work weighed lor Manufacture within the preceding year

Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff, within the limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or of the Chief Olhce of Excise in Edinburgh, for every such Licence

Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff’, in any other part of Great Britain, out of the said limits, for every such Licence - - - - . -

Duty.

£• s. d.

5 18 o

6 6 o

6 14 o 720

200

100

500

500

240

200 30° 400 5 ° o

600 700

800

900

10 o o

12 O O

15 O O

20 O O

Even7 Maker of Vinegar for falc, for every such Licence Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in England, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or a Licence for the retaining of Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine -

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in England, who shall have tsken out a Licence lor retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not hav'e an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine -

Every Retailer ot Foreign Wine in England, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine -E\ery Retailer of foreign Wine in Scotland, who shall not ha\e an Excile Licence, for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other l.xciieiihlc Lupiors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine 1 Af'1- h'Uider ot foreign Wine in Scotland, who shall have ivui out a licence lor retailing Beer, Ale, or other Exciseable l. qiu.rs, but (hallI not have an Excise Licence for retailing dif-

ceict ST Tr L"U""u -,r StronS Waters> for every such Li-cence to retail Foreign Wine . J

200

and a Surcharge 0 5 0

0 2 6 IO O O

5 4 0

4 4 0

240

3 6 8 2 13 4

Schedule (A.)

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in Scotland, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine -Every Wiredrawer, or other person, who shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big W ire, in Great Britain, for every Lioence to be taken out as ulure-said -

Malt.

For every bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley, or any other Corrf or Grain, in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof -

4

Methegi.iv, oh Mead.

For every gallon of Metheglin, or Mead, which shall be made in Great Britain lor sale -

For every gallon of Metheglin, or Mead, which shall be imported from parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being irish Metheglin, or Mead, imported directly from Ireland

Paper.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the firli Oafs or Denomination; that is to lay, all Paper, other than Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without fepamting or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any part therefrom, and without any mixture of other materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Ilot-prellers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board ——

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the second Ciais or Denomination; that is to say, all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, asaloreiaid - For every hundred weight ol Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hotprrflers, and of Millboard and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain ......

Printed Goods.

For every yard square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or ffaitied, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings, or other uses, over and above the Duties payable for iucii Paper, before the printing, painting, or fiaining thereof ——

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, ol Foreign Calico, and of Foreign Mullin, which shall be printed, ltained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only ——

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all Linens, and of Stuffs wholly majde of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory; and ot Britilli Mullins; and of all Futtians, Velvets, Yelverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs, niadeot Cotton and other materials, mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain; and ot all other Stuffs whatsoever, which shall be printed, ltained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only; and Stuffs made ot Woollen, or whereof the greatelt part in value shall be Woollen - "

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all Silks which shall be printed, ltained, or painted, in Great Britain, Silk Handkerchiefs excepted, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them, or any of them -

For every yard square of Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, llained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, over and above the Duties payable upon Importation -

Salt.

For every bufiiel of Salt which shall be imported from beyond the Seas inty^Great Britain, not being Irish Salt imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer, before the landing

thereof ......

I’nr every bulliel of Salt, or Rock Salt, that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, in that part of Great Britain called England -

For every bulliel of Salt, or Rock Salt, that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Sait Mine, or Salt Pit, in Scotland - "

For every bulliel of all Salts known or called by the name of Glauber or Epfoin Salts, which shall be made or produced in Great Britain - - - - r " . "

For every ton of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain -

Fof every bulliei of Rock Salt which shall be exported to parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland - - "

For every bufiiel of Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be brought from Scotland into that part of Great Britain called England* accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty imposed for every builic 1 of Salt, or hock Salt, made at any Salt W ork, or taken out of any Salt Mine* 01^ Salt Pit in Scotland, to be paid by the Matter or Command'1!* o* every Ship or Vessel bringing or importing inch Salt, or hoc' Salt, before the landing thereof - - - - * "

Tor every bufiiel of Salt uted or employed in curing and faffing Heffi exported from Scotland to England, and Provisions lor Ships in Scotland, and for Foreign Voyages

Duty. £ s. I

1 6 8

2 0 9

0 1 oj

0 1 6

05#

0 0 3

001]

1 1

0 0 i|

0 0 7

0 0 3}

0 1 u

0 0 4i

0 II 4

0 10

0 4

0 i°

6

4ged by CjQOQi

O'

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

HOI

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excite—Don tinned.

Schedule (A.)

For every hundred weight of Salted Beef, or Pork, or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, to be paid by the Person bringing the same, upon Entry thereof at the nearest Office of Excite in England, on pain of the forfeiture of such Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the value thereof, to be recovered and applied as Any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or nmv be recovered and applied by any Law or Laws of Excise -

Soap.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain -

Spirits.

For every gallon of Wort, or Walh, brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, for Home Contumplion, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any mixture with the tame For every gallon oi Cyber or perry, or any other Walh or I.iquor, brewed or mafic as aforesaid from any iort or kind of Britbli materials, except such. as are before-mentioned, or any mixture therewith lor extracting Spirits, for ilome Consumption -

f’or every gallon ol V> ort, or Watii, brewed or made as atorc-laid Irom Moiufies or Sugar, or any mixture therewith for extracting Spirits, for 1 ionic Comiiippiiun - -

For every gallon ol \\ alii brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign reiuied Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from any foreign materials, except Molasses and Sugar, or any mixture therewith for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption - For every one hundred and u.enty gallons of Walh, which Sir William Bishop, George Bui i p, and Arglcs Billiop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, poiieded of the DiUillery and Preiniies in which George billion, deceased, carTied on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, shall produce, on or before the dh day of July 1804, from a weight of Malt or other Com, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds Avoirdupois - For every gallon of Walh in the poiHiion of the said Sir Wrilliam Bishop, George Billiop, and Argles Bniiop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at any time when thirty gallons of any Wadi so in their polleftion, taken and di(tilled by me Officer of Excise, according to the directions and under the authority of an Act, made 111 the 30th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than two gallons and one-eighth of a gallon of Spirits, at the strength of one in fix under Hydrometer proof -

For every gallon, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every Still, including the head and every part thereof, and of any Horn Pipe Tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame, may be called or known, as high as the fleam can abend, and until the top of the I lead shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-live degrees, which shall he 11 fed or employed for any or either of the purposes herein after mentioned, that is to %

-----For the making or diddling of Low \\ ines or Spirits for

consumption in Scotland, from Corn, Grain, Malt,'Flits, Cyder, or Perrv, or other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture \ herewith, in any part or place in Scotland, otht r than and except the Highland District, particularly specified and describni in the Acts in that case made and provided, the annual lum of

----- For the making or diddling of Low Wines or Spirits for

consumption in Scotland, from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual lum of ——

-----For the making or diddling of Low Wines or Spirits for

consumption in Scotland, from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder or Walh prepared from Foreign materials, except Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, (he annual lain of -

-----and for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, for consumption in Scotland, the annual lum of - For every gallon, English wine measure, ol Spirits, of the strength of one to ten over Hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in any part or place in Scotland, for confunip-tion in Scotland, not exceeding the number of gallons of Spirits limited and reltricted to be diddled according to the annual rates herein after mentioned, determined by, or from each Still, to be paid Over and above the aforesaid Duty on the content of the Still, and the herein after-mentioned Duty on the Worts or Walh from which such Spirits may he, or may have been, made or diddled, the lum of -

For every gallon, English wine measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid, for extracting Spirits for consumption in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Worts, Walh, or Liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith -

Vol. 58.

.£■ *• d.

026

0 0 2^ 0O11

O Oil

o o 10 o 1 4]

0110

1 10 o

010

108 o o

670 o o

760 o o 108 o o

006

002}

Schedule (A.)

For every gallon, English wine measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, for extracting Spirits for consumption in Scotland, from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines, or f oreign Cyder or Wadi prepared from Foreign materials, or any mixture therewith - - - 1

For every gallon, English Wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every part thereof, and of any Horn Pipe Tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the lame may he called or known, as high as the fleam can alcend, and until the top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be tiled and employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits in the Highland District aforesaid, for consumption in the said Highland District only, from the barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the growth of the several and respective Counties, parts of Counties, and Places within the said Highland Did rid, the cubical content or capacity" of such Still not being Id's than thirty, nor more than forty gallons, the annual funi of ——

For every gallon, English wine measure, exceeding forty gallons of the cubical content or capacity of each and every such Still which shall be so used and employed by, or shall be in the polleftion of, such licensed Person within the Highland District aforesaid, of larger dimensions than aforesaid, the l’urplus not being more than three gallons over and above the said forty gallons, the annual lum of -

For and upon all Spirits of the strength of one to ten over Hydrometer prooi, which shall be diliilled in Scotland for con-luinption in Scotland, exceeding the several and respecti\e quantities herein after mentioned, over and above all other Duties whatsoever, the several l'uins herein after mentioned; that is to

-----For every gallon of such surplus Spirits distilled from

Malt, Corn, or any British materials, exceeding the annual rate of two thousand and twenty-live gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of one hundred and eight Pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in the Lowlands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual rate of lilty-two gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of lix Pounds ten Shillings shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in the Highland District aforesaid, the lum of -----—— For every gallon of such surplus Spirits diliilled from Molasses or Sugar, exceeding the annual rate of four thousand and titty gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon or the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of Six hundred and l’eventy Pounds shall he paid, for every gallon of such content, in any part or place of Scotland, the lum of -

-----And for every gallon of such surplus Spirits, distilled

from other Foreign materials than Molasses or Sugar, exceeding the annual rate of three thousand six hundred and forty-live gallons, of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the Still, when the before-mentioned annual Duty of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds shall b« paid, for every gallon of such content iri any part or place in Scotland, the fuin of

For every gallon of Spiri ts deficient, if the quantity of Spirits computed at the strength of one to ten over Hydrometer proof, which shall be produced to the proper Ollicer or Officers of Excise by any Distiller in Scotland, and be attually charged with the before-mentioned Duty of Sixpence lor every gallou, shall be toiuid to fall shortof the quantity which ought to have been produced, according to the be lore-mentioned annual Rates, the sum of ——

F'or every deficiency of Spirits in every case where the Spirits extracted by any Distiller in Scotland, , and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and attually charged with the Duty of Sixpence for every gallon, shall fall short of the respective proportions herein after mentioned, the several Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say,

-----If the Spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered

shall have been made or distilled from Malt, Corn, or British Materials, or any mixture therewith, and if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper Ollicer at least eleven gallons English wine measure of Spirits of the strength of one to ten over Hydrometer proof, for every one hundred gallons of Walh prepared from the said materials, and found in thecustody of such Distiller; or if any Distiller in the Highland District of Scotland shall not produce to the Officer at least fix gallons of Spirits of the strength aforesaid for every one hundred gallons of Wash prepared from Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the growth of the said Highlands, or any mixture therewith, and found in the cutlody of such Distiller, for every gallon deficient, the fuin of - - - ’ -

-----If the Spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered

shall have been made or diliilled from Molasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least twenty-two gallons of Spirits, of the strength aforesaid, for every one hundred gallons of Walh, prepared from the said materials, and found in the custody of such Distiller, for every gallon deficient -----Or if the Spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered shall have been distilled from any other Foreign mate-

13 B

£• d.

a*

Act*

(No.

16*;

couth

6 10 o

9 10

3

049

5 9

o o

o 1

0 3 9

1102

Appendix.

A. 1803.

:ndix,

• 5+)

Junii,

nurd.

~V-----

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise—continued.

Schedule (A)

rials, or any mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any part or piace in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer atleait twenty gallons of Spirits of the iirength aforesaid, for every one hundred"gallons of Walk prepared from the said materials, and found in the custody of Inch Distiller, for every gallon deficient For every gallon, Euglifii wine measure, of Spirits, of a ftVen« ih not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer proof, and lo in proportion for any higher degree of strength, nnuie or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland - - - - " ‘

For every gallon of British Spirits, of a strength not exceeding that of one to" ten over Hydrometer proof, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into England - -

For every gallon of all l’uch Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater strength than one to ten over Hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per-contum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer proof, live Shillings and a halfpenny; and also a further Dntv, proportioned to the degree of strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over Hydrometer proot ——

For every gallon of single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita?, of the produce of the British Colonies or -Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain 7

For every gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above proof, of the produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain - - - " . " . "

For every gallon of Single Ruin, Spirits, or Aqua Vita?, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. - - - 7

For every gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above proof, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -

For every gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters, of any fort or kind, other than such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita? as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Ireland -

For every gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters, above proof, other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita?, as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Ireland -

Starch.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Starch, of what kind fnever, which shall be made in Great Britain -

Sweets.

For every barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, by infuiion, fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials what lower, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines

Tea.

For and upon all Tea which shall be fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

d.

4 8

4 o

o 5 oh

and a Surcharge 1 6ll

o 13 4

7 6

o 14

8 5

o 16 5

Schedule (A.)

3l

2 2 0

East Indies for less than two Shillings and Sixpence per pound weight Avoirdupois, iiiteen pounds per-centum, to be computed upon the grols Prices at which such Tea shall be fold - For and upon all Tea which shall be fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for two Shillings and Sixpence per pound weight or upwards, forty-five Pounds per-centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which luck Tea shall be fold -

Tobacco avd Snuff.

For every pound weight of Tobacco, of the growth, production, or manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into Great Britain -

For every pound weight of Tobacco, of the growth or production of 1 lis Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, liiands, or Territories, in America, or of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain -

For every pound weight of Tobacco, of the growth or production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkilli Empire, imported into Great Britain; and for every pound weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every pound weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every pound weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies ——

For every pound weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other place, not being Inlh manufactured Snuff, imported directly from Ireland -

Verjuice.

For every hogfiiead of Verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain lor sale - -

Vinegar.

For every barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors prepared for Vinegar, which lha.il be brewed or made in Great Britain for sale ——

Wine.

For every tun of French Wine which shall be imported into Great Britain -

For every tun of all other Wines, not being French Wines, which shall be imported into Great Britain -

Wire.

For every ounce Troy of Gilt Wire which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain -

£■ s. i. IS O 0

45 0 0

0 1 0 004

0 1 1 0 1 0

006

007

0 7 I

0 10 48 6

32 11

0 0 10 0 0 7

SCHEDULE (B.)

Countervailing Duties of Excise on certain Commodities imported from Ireland into Great Britain.

Schedule (B.)

Schedule (B.)

Beer.

For every barrel, confiding of thirty-six gallons English beer measure, of Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity -

£• *• d.

o 13 11

Cyder and Perry.

For every hogfiiead, confiding of sixty-three gallons, English Wine measur, of Irish Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as Merchandize or for tale, or which shall be configued to any Factor or Agent to fell or dilpoie of -

1. 1i

1 0 0

Bricks and Tiles.

Hops.

For every thousand of Irish Bricks, not exceeding any of the following dimensions, that is to say, ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide -

For every thousand of Irish Bricks exceeding any of the foregoing dimenhons -

For every thousand of Irish Bricks, smoothed or polished on one or more fide or tides, not exceeding the superficial dimcufions of ten inches long by five inches wide

for every hundred of such last-menlioned Bricks, exceeding the said dnnentioas -

for every thousand of Irish plain Tiles -Tor every thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles I or every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches Iquare

For every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, exceeding ten inches square -

For every thousand of Irish Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names such Tiles are or may be called or known

050 o 10 o

O 12 O The Dutie* on Paving Tilej.

O410

O 12 IO 0 2 5 O 4 IO

o 4 10

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hops

Vellum and Parchment.

For every dozen of Irish Vellum -

For every dozen of Irish Parchment -

Mead.

For every gallon of Irish Metlieglin or Mead Paper.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper, of the fiil't class or denomination, that is to say, all Paper other than Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Fitch or Tar, or any part tkerehoin, ai d without any mixture of other materials therewith, and not being G lazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot PrelTers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board ......

0 0

0 3 6

0 1 9 0 1

0 Q 3

Phitred by

y 7 O"

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1103

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise—continued.

Appe

Schedule (B.)

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper, of the second dais or denoiunuiti^Tn, that is to say, all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, as aforesaid For every hundred weight of Irish Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Prellers For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Books, whether bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

Spirits, British.

For every gallon, English wine measure, of Spirits, . Aqua Vita*, or Strong \\ aters, which shall be dillilled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a strength not exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer proof - For and upon all such Spirits above the strength of one

L•

0 O

1 1 o

003

054

Schedule (B.)

to ten over Hydrometer proof, a Duty in proportion to the last mentioned Duty, and for and upon all such of the said Spirits as shall be lweetened or compounded, a like Duty, computed upon the highest degree of strength at which such Spirits can be made -

Wire.

For every ounce Troy of Irish Gilt Wire -J*’or every ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire - For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire lpun upon Silk - - - - . - -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk -

£■ *• d.

A proportional Duty.

o o 10 007

078

059

SCHEDULE (C.) Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise.

Schedule (C.)

EXCISE ALLOWANCES.

Paper.

For all such Glazed Papeis made in Great Britain, for Clothiers and I lot Pickers, as shall be actually and bond tide Hind in the pruling \\ oolien Cloths and Sturis in Great Britain ——

For all Paper made in Great Britain, of the first class or denomination, which shall be tiled in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, or in the printing of Bibles, Testam-nts, Philui Books, Books of Common Prayer ana Coim-iii'm of i mlh, and the larger and Ihorler Catpchiim, or any of them, within the two UniversitRs of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permiftinn of the Vice Chancellors of the fame respectively, or which shall be tiled in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the Cniverlities of Scotland, or any of them, by pormithon of the Principals of the fame respectively, or which shall be tiled by the King’s Printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of Bibles, Toll an tents, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the name of The Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland -

Salt.

For every bushel of Salt, of English manufacture, which shall be used by any Bleacher of Linen, or Cotton, in that part of Great Britain called England, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the idle purpose of bleaching Linen, or Cotton, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity, deducting at the rate of Seven and an Hah per-centiun in consequence of the increalc in the weight of the Salt by the moisture of the air

For every bushel of Salt which shall be used by any Bleacher of Linen, or Cotton, in that part of Great Britain calied Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, for the foie purnofe ol bleaching Linen, or C otton, and 1b in proportion for any greater or leis quantity, deducting at the rate of Seven and an Halt per-centum in consequence of the mcreale in the weight of the Salt by the moisture of the air -

Soap.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, dr Ball Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be uied in Great Britain in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Ker-fe.ys, Bays, Stockings, or other manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or ’manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be Wool, or in the finish-ing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the faun* -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used in Great Britain in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be Wool, or in the tinishing of the said Manufactures, or preparing Wool for the fame

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used in Great Britain in the whitening of new Linen, in the piece for lale ——

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap which shall be tiled in Great Britain in the whitening of new Linen, in the piece for lale

d.

the whole Duty.

the whole Duty.

o 10

o 4

o o if

001

o o if o o of

Schedule (C.)

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used in Great Britain on of before the ‘24th day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and liniiiiing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for lale (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the piece, in order to the sale thereof) -

Starch.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used in Great Britain on or L.*iop* the 24-th day ot June 1806, in preparing and hnishing any M;mumatures from Flax or Cotton for sale, except such a* shall be used in finishing new Linen in the piece for sale, as herein after mentioned - . -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used in Great Biitainas aforesaid in timihing new Linen in the piece for lale

Wine.

For any sort of Wines shipped for the use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty’s Service, for their actual consumption on board such of His Majesty’s Ships as they shall serve in, at such Forts, in such quantities, and in such manner as is provided by Law ——

BOUNTIES OF EXCISE.

Beer.

For every barrel of Beer or Ale above sixteen Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale brewed in Great Britain from Malted Corn, whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts as merchandize, when Barley is at twenty-four Shillings per quarter, or under -

Salt.

For every one hundred weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haberdine, which shall contain in length fourteen inches or upwards from the bone in the fin to the third joint in the tail of every such Fish, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts - - - o 3 o

For every barrel of Wet Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, containing thirty-two gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts - -- 02

For every barrel of Salmon, containing forty-two gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts - 046

For every barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four ----- 028

For every barrel of full Red Herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts o l For every barrel of clean ftiotten Red Herrings containing thirty-two gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts -

For every last, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts - - - 010

For every cask or vessel of-Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts 070 For every such cask or vessel of Pilchards so exported, until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, over and besides the aforesaid sum

of seven Shillings - G6o<il£ ‘

o o

d.

o|

o o if

00s

all the Duties

o

1104

Appendix.

A. 1803.

rndix,

• 54-)

Jnnii,

ittucd.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise—continued.

Schedule (C.)

For all Pilchards which shall be duly /hipped and exported directly to any of the Bntilli West India lllands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in calks of thirty-two gallons or upwards, a Bounty in due proportion to the Bounty or Bounties by this Act payable for Pilchards exported to Foreign parts, in calks containing fifty gallons - For every barrel of Beef or Pork, containing thirty-two gallons, which shall have been talted in that part of Great Britain called England with salt that shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon in England, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts -

For ever}' barrel ot Beet or Pork, of thirty-two gallons, which shall have been tailed in Scotland with f oreign salt that shall have paid all the Duties Hue and payable thereon, without any mixture of British or Irish salt, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts

EXCISE DRAWBACKS.

Beer.

For every barrel of Beer, or Ale, brewed or made in Great Britain, above sixteen Shillings the barrel, exeiuiive of the Duty hereby irnpoied on Beer, or Ale, and not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, for which the Duty on Strong Beer, or Ale, shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize, and so in proportion for any greater or lei's quantity

Bricks and Tiles.

- For all Bricks and Tiles respectively made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize -

Candles.

For all Candles made in Great Britain of Tallow, or other materials than Wax or Spermaceti, and of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, or Candles usually called, or fold, for Wax or Spermaceti Candles, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize

Chocolate.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

Cyder and Perry.

For every hogshead of Cyder, or Perry, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in relped thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in relped of such Cyder and Perry -

Glass.

For ever}’ square foot, superficial measure, of Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from materials, or metal, or other preparations for which the Duties imposed in relped thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign pajgs, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity ——

For every hundred weight of Flint Glass, or Enamel itained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain, from materials, or metal, or other preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or lei's quantity

For every hundred weight of spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain, from materials, or metal, or other preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize, audio in proportion for any greater or less quantity ——

For every hundred weight of all other Window Glass, not being fpypad Glals, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, from materials, or metal, or other preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and lo in proportion for any greater or less quantity For every hundred weight of common Bottles, not being Phials, and of Veil'd s made use of in Chemical La bora-tones. and of Garden Glades, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal, made in Great Britain,

£• s. d*

C A proportional I Bounty.

0 5 0

0 5 0

o 13 11

All the Duties.

All the Duties.

O O IO

All the Duties.

0 2

a 3 <5

o 8 1

1 9 9

Schedule (C.)

from materials, or metal, or other preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity

Hides and Skins.

For all Hides and Calve Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign parts as Merchandize -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable, determined by this Act, to pay a Duty by weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other manufactures, made in Great Britain, 01 any kind of Tawed Leather chargeable determined by weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

For every pound weight of all Buck, Deer, or Elk Skins, drclled in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in relped thereof shall have been paid, whether ma-nufadnred and actually made into Goods or Wares, or not, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts - For every pound weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties impelled in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

For every pound weight of all other Skins, and of all Hides dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in relped thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts For every pound weight of all other Skins except Lamb Skins, and of all Hides dretfed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

Hops.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hops, growing or to grow, and cured and made lit for uie in Great Britain, on which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been duly charged, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to the Isle of Man until the 5th day of July 1804

Paper.

For all Paper made in Great Britain for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts ——

For every one hundred weight of Pasteboard, made in Great Britain, of Paper for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid; and for every one hundred weight of Millboard and Scaleboard made in Great Britain for which the Duties imposed in relped of such Millboard and Scaleboard respectively shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Books in per-fed and complete lets, or, if periodical Publications, in per-fed parts or numbers, and of blank, plain, or ruled Accompt Books, whether bound or unbound, made of, or printed or ruled on, Paper of the first Class or Denomination, the Duties in respect whereof shall have been paid, for which Books no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall have been paid, received, or obtained, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts

Printed Goods.

For every yard square of Paper, printed, painted, or stamed in Great Britain, for Hangings or other uses, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

For all Linens, Studs, Fufrians, Velvets, Velvorels, Dimities. Figured Stull's, Stulls wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britishi Manufactory, Calicoes and Mullins, and all Silk 1 iandkerchiefs, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and for all Silks printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in relped thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts -

Salt.

For every bushel of Salt made in that part of Great Britain called England, Rock Salt excepted, for which all

£• *. d.

° 4 oj

S Two thirds of 1 the Duties.

• ll

( Two thirds of | the Dudes.

0 10

OO3

0 0 6

Two thirds of

the Duties.

All the Duties.

All the Duties.

1 1

0 0 3

The whole

A!| the Duri*

-pjniti-7ori by Lnnq|

o

43 Geo. Ill,

i •

Appendix.

1105

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Exciie—continued.

* Schedule (C.)

the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Foreign £. s.d.

parts as Merchandize ----- For every but hoi of Salt made in Scotland, Rock Salt excepted, lor which all the Duties due and pavuble thereon c * 0

shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from

ihence as Merchandize to Foreign parts ... ]■ or every bqiliel of Salts, called or known by the name ot Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall he duly exported to 0 0

Foreign parts as Merchandize -Soap. For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, or of Soli Soap, made in Great Britain, for 0 10 0

which the J‘utics impob d in respect thereof shall have been pa d, and winch shall be duly exported as Merchandize to

Foreign parts - Sta ucii. For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed 111 respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly export- All the Duties

ed as Merchandize to Foreign parts - - * -Tea. For all Teas for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall he duly exported as •Merchandize directly from the warehouu3 in which the lame shall have been lodged, according to Law, up on the Importation thereof to Ireland, or IBs Ma-je fly’s Plantations or Settlements in America, or the Lnnd States of America, or to the 1 Hands of Jersey or Gucrnfev, ,»r to Gibraltar, or to any Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall he a British Conlul u ndent for the The whole Duty.

Protection of Trade, or to Africa -Tobacco. For every pound w eight of Short-cut Tobacco manufactured at any of tin*-Ports of Great Britain into winch T o- AH the Duties.

bacco may lawfully la impoiced, or within two miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Dutie> minoft-d ’11 respect thereof shall have paid, and exp xt*d as merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, hoin F.ch Ports, to

Foreign pa: ts - -- - 004

Appa (No/ i6*3

£■ *■ d. cor t if A

O 0 Si

0 0 c 0 4 3* \

Schedule (C.)

44 2 o

29 8 o

For every pound weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured and exported ——

For every pound weight of ltoll Tobacco so manufactured and expor^-d -

For every pound weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported -

Y.The.

For every tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof Hurl have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers, or Seiler or Sellers of French Wine, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity

For every ti n of any other Wines imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof Until have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity -

Wire.

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Face, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire, spun upon Snk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and lo in proportion for any greater or Id's quantity -

For every pound weight Avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Fare, or SiKer Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate V."re being made of Silver Wire, made in Great Britan: r which the Duties inipohd in respect tin -rot In. ;, nave been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign parts, and 10 in proportion for any greater or lei's quantity -

IRELAND.

For such of the aforesaid Commodities, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, as, having been imported iiiredly from thence into Great Britain, upon payment of all the Duties chargeable in respect thereof upon such Importation, shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign parts, the several and respective Drawbacks hereby allowed on the like commodities made or manufactured in Great Britain.

078

0 5 9

R E T U R N S fro.11 the under-nan; J Counties .11 Fiei.axd, of the Number of FREE II ORDERS Rrgiftered by the Clerks of the Peace in those Counties; diltir.j.’ishing the Xumhei of each Class 01 Freeholders so registered, viz. l iity Pounds Freeholders, Twenty Pounds Freehofders, and Forty Shillings Freeholders; also, specifying the Dates of the \ ears ot Regil'try, and the Number registered in each \ car respectively.

County of Antrim.

Armagh.

Carlow.

Cavan.

Cldre.

Cork.

The City of Cork. Donegal.

Down.

The down of Drogheda. Dublin.

The City of Dublin. Fermanagh.

County of Galway.

The Town of Galway. Kerry.

Kildare.

Kilkenny.

T he City of Kilkenny. King’s County. liCitrim.

Limerick.

The City of Limerick.

The City and County of Londonderry. County of Longford.

Louth.

County of Mayo.

Meath.

Monaghan.

Queen’s County. Roscommon.

Tipperary.

Tyrone.

Waterford.

The City of Waterford. \Vefmieath.

Wexford.

Wicklow.

COUNTY OF ANTRIM.

The RETURN of the Clerk of the Peace of the Number of Freeholders Regitiered in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Freeholders Registered in 1795

1790

1/97

1798

1700

4 - -39 - -1,180 - -

50 /. ‘20 /. 40 S.

37 ' - 50 /.

102 - - 20 /.

3,484 " - 40 s.

4 " - 50/.

287 - - 40 s.

None.

'2 - - 50/.

1 - - 20 /.

.98 - - 40 $.

Carried forward

1,203

3,623

291

201

5,3i8

Freeholders Registered in 1S00

1801 -

1802 -

-continued.

jilt forward - -

3 " - 50/.

1 - - 20 /.

67S - - 40 s.

18 - - 50 I.

44 - - 201.

5,165 - - 40 s.

8 - - 50/.

13 20 I.

L505 ' - 40 s.

None.

1803 - -

Total N° Registered

5,318

682

5,227

1,526

12,753

Which I certify this 30th day of March 1803.

Neal Mi Leake, jun.

C. P. Co. Antrim,

N. B. It is supposed that nearly the whole of the above are double Registrie*.

~ 1

ppcndix. No. jj.)

,4* Mail,

continued.

1106

Appendix.

1-803.

COUNTY OF ARMAGH.

The RETURN of the Clerk of the Peace of the Number of Freeholders Regillered in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the id day of March 1803.

Registered in the year 1795 Registered in tile yeah 1796 Registered in the year 1797 Registered in the year 179S

Registered in the year 1800 - -

Registered in the year 1801 - -

Registered in the year 1802 - -

1,14° - 40 Shillings.

9 - 50 Pounds.

11 - 20 Pounds.

3v159 _ 40 Shillings:

45 - 50 Pounds.

74 - 20 Pounds.

3i3 _ 40 Shillings.

4 - 50 Pounds.

3 - 20 Pounds.

245 40 Shillings.

1 - 50 Pounds.

3 - 20 Pounds.

760 _ 40 Shillings.

6 - 50 Pounds.

29 - 20 Pounds.

526 _ 40 Shillings.

2 - 50 Pounds.

20 - 20 Pounds.

432 _ 40 Shillings.

9 - 50 Pounds.

10 - 20 Pounds.

5H - 40 Shill n;

0 - 50 POUM

12 - 20 P« :i

1,160

3,278

320

COUNTY OF CAVAN.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Regillered in the said County, and made pursuant to the Older of the-ad day of March 1803.

249

795

54«

Date 40*. Freeholders £. 20 Freeholders! £. 5° Fret-holder*

of Registered Registered Registered

each Year. each Year. each Year. each Year.

1795 - 124 11 3

1790 - - 3,033 141 Qo

1797 - - 55 4 6

1798 - - 9 —

1789 " 5 1 1

1 800 - 46 2 3

l80l ~ 1,672 n *7 0/ 50

lS02 " 216 2 2

Total - 5,160 198 161

\ 1

John Moyne, C.P.

, 17th March 1803.

Note—Above one-third of the 405. Freeholders are double Regiliry.

COUNTY OF CLARE.

T!i F, F.TU R N of the Number of Freeholders Registered in the ftwi UoLiutVj pursuant to the Older of the ad day of March 18^3.

Year of F. _di; y of I deelv-iders.

Total Number P1

----- 5:,r

7^9

All which I certify this nth day 01 m: i < y.-

tiis: te P are. N.B. It is to be observed, that one-third of the abu.’c man *r ar twice registered.

COU N TV OF C A II L O \V.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Regillered by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, commencing the 6th day of August 1795.

17' *> 17 jo

J 797 1708 i 799 1 800

1801

1802

1795 \

37 Fifty Pounds Freeholders.

2-2 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 146 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

20 5

1796:

121 Fifty Pounds Freeholders. 196 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 1.978 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

2,295

1707:

10 Fifty Pounds Freeholders.

10 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 115 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

*35

*798:

2 Pitty Pounds Freeholders.

1 Twenty Pounds Freeholder.

1799:

4 Fifty Pounds Freeholders.

- - Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 10 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

*4

1S00:

9 Fifty Pound: Freeholders.

5 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 1 Forty Shillings Freeholder.

15

1801:

35 Fifty Pounds Freeholders.

66 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 934 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

Number of £. 50 Freeholders Registered in each Year. Number of £. 20 Freeholders Regillered in each Fear. Number of 40 x. Freeholder* Reuittered in each \ ear.

9 27 2o5

M7 187 *,934

7 6 238

— . — —

2 4 23

9 34 162

49 62 2,315

11 27 d54

2 34 ! 347 5,531

234 ,

Total Numbers Registered - <b"3

Mich . Canny,

- Acting Clk. Peace County Clare.

.COUNTY OF CORK.

The R ETU R N of the Numb-r of Freeholders Rc.riferod by the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursumit to the Order et the ad day of March 1803.

U035

1802:

13 Fifty Pounds Freeholders.

31 Twenty Pounds Freeholders. 540 Forty Shillings Freeholders.

584

Freeholds

1795 - 205

1796 - 2,295

1797 - *35

1798- - 3

*799 - *4

1800 *5

1801 1,035

l3oa 584

Total

4,286 Freeholders Registered for said =: County.

Years of Registry. Freeholders of £. 50. Freeholders of £. 20. Freeholders 1 of 40 s. ( Number | Registered in each\ ear.

*795 25 24 77 12 ft

1796 - 422 45* 1,189 2,002 So

*797 - - T 8 10 52

1798 - 11 3 O 16

*799 - 3 - - 3

1800 - 9 12 35* 379

1801 - r,5 C5 617 747

1802 - 53 3* 158 242

1803 2 - I 2

Total - 6oS 59s 2,453 | 3-fi:>7

i %

I humbly certify, That the foregoing is a true Return of the !urubn. of Freeholders Registered by me, as Clerk of the Peace oi the County of Cork.—Dated this 14th day of March 1803.

Jasncs Chatterton. fell.

Clei k of the Peace Co. Cork.

COUNTY OF THE CITY OF CORK.

Alex. Ilumfrey,

Clk. Peace of the County of Carlow.

The R ETU R X of the Number of Freeholders Rendered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Older 0 the 2d day of March 1803.

Total Number of Freeholders Registered - 661.

48 of them £. 50 Freeholders. -

186 - - - £. 20 - D a

427 - - - 40 s. - D°.

Total - 661 Registered in the years 1796, 179®, *79°* 1^01’

■ w ' and I®0-*

(continued)

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

County of the City of Cork—

continued.

NUMBER of Freeholders Registered in each Year:

Years. £•50 Freeholders. jC-20 Freeholders. 40 Shillings Freeholders.

1796 - 40 125 293

1798 - l - 1

1799 - - - - 2

1801 2 15 46

l8u2 - 5 44 87

4s 186 i 1 427

W. Jones, C. P.

1107

Appendu (No. 55.; 24* Maii

continued.

COUNTY OF DONEGA L.-----The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace for the

laid County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

N° £. 50 Freeholders. Registered in each year.

23d October - 1795

— 3d December - 1795 -

1 14th January - 1796 _ _

3 pth February - 1)0 -

1 7th April - - ID -

3 9th Mav - - I r -

4 lltliMav - - ID -

l;>ih -May - - ID -

*2 igthMiv - - ID -

I4I.I1 .1 ll V ID -

8 ih A ID -

»2 9ill A uplift 1>° -

1 l^h August ID -

6 1 ytil Al gtll't i)° -

— 18 th Aug nit D° -

3 5th September 1)° -

7 lf;th SeplembvT ID -

bill October - ID -

19th October - ID -

g 2lit October - I)0; -

O 3ill October - D° -

4 loth Noveliiber ID -

4 12th November I)° -

1 17th November ID -

0 19th November D° -

- - 24th November 1)° -

_ _ 29th November 1)° V- - -

1 jith 1).-comber 1)° -

— - - 9° in 1796

5 12th January - 1797 -

- - 23d January - ID -

0 30ill January - 1)° -

1 23d February - D° -

1 27th April - - 1)° -

1 ydiJime - - D° -

_ _ 131I1 July - - ID -

- - 51ii October - I)° -

- - 10 in *797

* 11th January - 170S -

I 19th April - - 1)° -

- - uth July - - D° -

- - 1 in 1793

22d July - - 1799 1799

1 fa l>i■ January 1800 - -

1 14th July - - ID -

1 25th Auuult D° -

1 Gib October - D® -

1 9th October - D° - - Jb

— — 2lit November D° -

— - 4 in 00 C O

1 15th January - 1801 -

_ _ 10th February - ID -

- _ 13th April - - D° -

I 16th April - - ID -

_ _ 13th July - - IP - 1 - -

1 16th July - - D° - -

4 17th October - D° -

1 2id October - IP - m - "

_ _ 31ft October - D° -

_ _ 10th November D° - -

— - - 8 in 1801

_ _ 28 th January - 1802 -

0 26th April - - D° 2 in i80'2

O 04 O - - 115

In 1705 -

1796 - - - 90

1797 - - - 10

1798 - - - 1

1799 -

1800 - 4

1801 - - - 8

1802 - 2

N°. £. 20 Freeholders. Registered in each year. N#. 405. Freeholders. Registered in each year.

4 23d October - 1795 4 in 1795 62 23d October - 1795

- - 3d October - *795 - 82 3d December 1795 144 in 1795.

9 14th January - 1796 _ _ 55 14th January - 1796

6 9th February - ID - - 214 gth February - ID

1 7th April - - D° - - 6 7th April -v - D° —

1 9U1 May - - ID - - 257 Oth xMay - - D° —

H nth May - - D° - - H7 1 lth May - - D° —

1 13th May - - ID - - 15 13th May - - ID

O 19th May - - L>° - - 108 19th May > - D°

13 14th July - - D" - - 14th July - - D° —

3 8th Aumift ID - - 19 8 th August - D —

4 9th August ID - - 261 9th August - D° —

4 12th A mailt ID _ - 128 12lli .\ugull - ID

3 15 th August 1>° - - 175 15th August - D° —

2 liSthAuguft IP - - 73 i8rh August - D° —

3 5ill September ID - 90 5111 September D° —

8 loth September D° - - «5 10th September D° —

5 6lh October - ID _ - - - 473 61I1 October - ID —

2 loth October - D° _ - 115 19th October - D° .

3 2 ill October - D° _ - ‘25 2ill October - I)0 —

2 3 if October - I)* _ - 54 31ft October - ID —

2 loth November ID _ - 45 1 oth November D° —

0 12 th No.'em her ID _ - 41 12th November D° —

1 17lli November ID _ _ 45 17U1 November ID —

' _ - 19th November ID _ - 57 191I1 November D* —

1 _ 24th November IP - - Go 24th November D° —

i ! - - 29U1 November IP _ - 62 29U1 November D3 —

1 - . 12lb December. D° _ - 100 12th December D° —

- - 92 in 1796 - 3,046 in 1796.

2 i2li January - 1/97 - - 95 12th January - 1707 —

_ _ 2;vi January - ID - - 6 23d January - ID —

- - 301I1 January - ID - - 8 30U1 January - ID —

1 23d February - ID - - 3 23d February - ID —

- - 27th April - - IP - - - _ 27th April - - ID —

- _ 7ill June - - IP - - - - 7th June - - D° —

- - 13th July - - IP - - 1 131b July - - D° ' —

- - 5U1 October - D° - - 1 5th October - D° —

- - 3 in 1707 - 114 m 1797.

1 11 th January - 1708 - - ‘ - - 1lth January - 1708 —

_ _ 19th April - - ID - - - - 10th April - - ID —

— 9th July - - IP - -. - 4 9th July - - D° —

- - 1 in 1798 * 4 in’ 1798.

2 2 2d July - - 1799 2 in 1799 - - 22d July - - 1799 1799.

_ _ 16th January - 1 800 - _ 1 16th January - l8no —

1 14th July - - D° - - - - 14th July - - IP —

- - 25 th August ID - - - - 25th AUL'ull - ID —

_ _ 6th October - ID _ - 4 6th O 'V-brr - D° —

_ _ gth October - ID - - 1 9th October - D° —

_ _ 2 ill November ID - - 15 2ill November D° —

- - 1 00 0 0 - 21 in 1806.

_ _ 15 th January - 1801 - 10 15th January - 1801 —

_ _ 10th February - D° - - 15 loth February - D° —.

1 13th April - - ID - - 4 131I1 April - - ID —

I 1 16th April - - ID - - 3 16th April - - ID —

! -- 13th July - - ID - - 7 13U1 July - ID —

3 16th July - - ID - 58 16th July - - D° —

17 th October - ID 1 17U1 October - D° —

1 2id October - ID _ - 43 22d October - ID —

3ill October - ID _ - 118 31ft October - D° —

_ _ 10th November D« ‘ - . 22 10th November D° —

- 291 in 1801.

6 in 1801

4 28th January - 1802 - - 118 28th January - 1802 —

1 ' " 26th April - * ID 4 in 1802 1 26th April - - D° 119 in 1802.

Of £. 20 113 Of'40$. - - - 3.709

Ih 1795 - I _ 4 In 1795 - - 144

} 1 1796 - - - 92 1796 - - 3>°4$

1 1797 * - - 3 1797 ~ - 114

1798 - - - 1 1798 - 4

1799 - - - 2 1799 - —

1800 - - - 1 1800 - 21

1801 - _ - 6 i8o^->> - - -T 291

1802 - - - 4 f$< W‘9

1

ii

‘■i

i I

Appendix;

1108

Lppendix,

No. si)

;4® Matt,

continued.

COUNTY of DOWN.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the

2d day of March 1803.

Dates of Years of Registry. \ Number of each Class. Total Number each Year.

>795- Twenty Pound Freeholders - 6

Forty Shilling Freeholders - 112 Il8

I79C. Fifty Pound Freeholders - -Twenty Pound - D° - - - - 51 - 84

Forty Shilling - D° - - - 8,142 8,277

>797- Fifty Pound Freeholders - -Twenty Pound - D° - - -Forty Shilling - D° - - - - 3 - 5 - 103 111

1799- Fifty Pound Freeholders •*> - - 8

Twenty Pound - D° - - -'Forty Shilling - D° - - - - 4 - 93 105

Carrd forward - . - 8,6l 1

h.

Dates of Year/, of Registry. Number of each Class. Total Number each Year.

Bro1 over - * 8,611

1800. Fifty IVnind Freeholders - - - 7 Twenty Pound - D° - - - - 8

Forty Shilling - D° - - - - 65 8#

l8oi. Fifty Pound Freeholders - - - 38 'twenty Pound - D° - - - - 51

( Forty Shilling - D° - - - 6,335 6,424

1802. Fifty Pound Freeholders - - - 14 Twenty Pound - D° - - - - 2 Forty Shilling -D° - - - -914 93*

1803. Fifty Pound Freeholders - - - 2 Twenty Pound - D° - - - - * 1 Forty Shilling - D° - u * * 98 101

Total Registry - - - - 16,146

Rkhd Keonn,

Clerk of the Peace.

COUNTY of the TOWN of DROGHEDA.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of tbt

•2d day of March 1803.

Number of £. 50 Freeholders Number of £. 20 Freeholders Number of Forty Shillings Freeholder!

Registered in the year 1795. Registered in the year 1795; Raftered in the year 1795;

Five. Nine.

The like in the year 1796; The like in the year 1796; The like in the year 1796;

Five. Twenty. Fifty-seven.

The like in the year 1797; The like in the year 1797; The like in the year 1797;

Three. One. N’ne.

The like in the year 1798; The like in the year 1798; The like in the year 1798; One.

The like in the year 1799; The like in the year 1799; The like in the year 1799;

One. Four.

The like in the year 1800; The like in the year 1800; The like in the year 1800;

One. 'Fen.

The like in the year j8oi; The like in the year 1801; The like in the year a 801;

Seven. Thirty-iix.

The like in the year 1802; The like in the year 1802; The like in the year 1802;

Three. Fourteen.

The like in the year 1803; The like in the year 1803; The like in the yeaF 1803; Five.

\i 8 — - of £. 50.

, 38 - - - of j£.‘2°.

✓ 145 - — of 40 a . W0* Ho hues,

----- * Clerk of the Peace for the County

101 - - Total. of the Town of Drogheda.

t

COUNTY of DUBLIN.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Years. Fifty Pound Freeholders. Twenty Pound Freeholders. Forty Shilling Freeholders.

17 93 - 6 7 2

1796 129 152 399

1797 - 49 33 22

1798 - 3 2 2

1799 - 3 11 73

1800 12 3 155

r8oi 221 196 573

1802 62 53 239

1803 - 1

1 otal Number of Registered Fifty Pound Freeholders - 486 Total Number of Registered Twenty Pound Freeholders 462 lotai Number of Registered Forty Shilling Freeholders 1,465

Total Number of Registered Freeholders in the 1

County of Dublin ...... " " J ^>4*3

All which'I certify, this 14th day of March 1803.

Peter Bayh/,

Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dublin.

COUNTY of the C I TY of D UBLIN.

The R ETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerks of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d Day of March 1803.

Dates of Years. £■ 50. £.10. 40 s. Total.

1706 - - 43 65 21 129

17!>7 * - - 12 11 13 39

171)8 - - 2 2 - 4

•79ft - - - 4 6 2 12

1800 - - - 3 4 1 8

1801 - - - 104 125 62 291

180a - - - 100 140 117 357

1803 - - - None. — —

268 353 216 837

Dublin,

9th March 1803. Alien and Greene,

Clerks of the Peace.

4& Gio. III.

Appendix.

1109

COU NTY of FERMANAG II.

7lie RETU RN of the Number of Freeholders Rociftered in the said County, beginning the 14th of January 17ptj.

N° of Fifty Pounds Freeholders. N° of Twenty Pounds Freeholders. N°of Forty Shillings Freeholders. Date of Years. Total Number Registered in each Year

3*2’ 172 4,574 1796. 4,773

4 8 44- *797- 5

13 37 1,231 1801. 1,281

1 5 235 1802. 241

■* - - - 16 1803. 16

50 222 6,100 - - - 6,37

CAu* Humph ms,

A. C. P. Co. Fermanagh.

COUN T V of G A L W A Y,

Lift of £.20. Freeholders; N* 2.—continued.

Bro* over Number.

1 *797: October 3d. __ _

! 1798: - July 13th. ...

1800: - April 24th. 1

July 15th. l

October 7th. 3

1802: January 12th. 1

May 4th. 2

6th. 2

July 20th. 2

23d. 10

August 3d. 1

Total

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk 01 the Peace in and for the said County; from November 1795 to July 1803.

Year of Registry* 40 s. Freeholders. £. 20. Freeholders. £■ 50. Freeholders,

1705 - - - - 49 2 1

1706 - - - - 1,9-4 275 158

1797 - - - - 308 18 15

1798 - - - - 2 1 —

1799 - - - - 4°3 10 12

1800 - - - - ‘251 11 7

1801 - - - - 1,5-8 82 60

1802 - - - - 1,083 68 39

1803 - - - - 10 — —

Total - - - 6,4.16 466 282

Total - - - 7,164

Edm* Vero,

C. P. Loughrea, March 16, 1803.

COUNTY ftf the TOWN of GALWAY.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Lift of £. 50 Freeholders; viz.— No. 1.

1796: January 1 2 th.

15 th. 18th. April 5th. July 12th. 13th.

1707- October 3d. 1799 — April 2d. 1801 October 6th. 180-2 -.January 12 th. May 4th. 5th. July 23d. October 15th.

Number.

Total

12 £, 50 Freeholders registered in 1796 1 £. 50 Freeholder registered in 1797

1 £»S° Freeholder registered in 1799

2 £. 50 Freeholders registered in 1801,

12 £. 50 Freeholders registered in 1802,

*3-

2 £. 20 Freeholders registered in 1797. 1 £• 20 Freeholder registered in 1798.

5 £. 20 Freeholders registered in 1800.

18 £. 20 Freeholders registered in 1802.

39 £ 20 Freeholders, in all, registered to this 25th day of April 1803.

Richard Burke,

Acting Clerk of the Peace for the County of the Town of Galway.

Lift Of 40 8, Freeholders; viz.—No. 3.

Number.

1796: January 12th. 3

15 th. 1

18th. 2

19th. 1

July 12 th. 2

October 4th. 3

1797: October 3d.

180#: October 7th. . -

1802: January 12th. 5

May 4th. 1

5th. 3

6th. 15

July 23d. 121

October 15th. 7

* 18th. 2

21ft. 103 Total

28 £, 50 Freeholders, in all Registered to this 25-th day of April 1803.

Richard Burke,

Acting Clerk of the Peace for the County of the Town of Galway.

Lift of £. 20 Freeholders; viz.—No. 2.

Number.

1796; January 12th. 1

15th. 1

18th. 2

April 8 th. 1

July 12th. 6 f

October 4th. 1

6 th. 1 13 £.20 Freeholders registered in 179

VOL. 58.

12 40s. Freeholders registered in 1796. 14 - - D* - registered in 1797.

1 - - D° - registered in 1800.

267 - - D° - registered in 1802.

294 405. Freeholders, in all, Registered to this 25th day of April 1803.

Richard Burke,

Ailing Clerk of the Peace for the County of the Town of Galway.

Amount of the whole; viz.

28 - - £.50 Freeholders, per Lift, N° 1.

39 - - £.20 Freeholders, per ditto, N° 2.

294 - - 40s. Freeholders, per ditto, N° 3.

361 - - in all, Registered to this 25th April 1803.

RicJiard Burke,

Acting Clerk of the Peace for the County of the Town of Galway.

COUNTY of KERRY.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

£■50. £.*o. 40 s.

1796 - - - - 32 3H 4,6

1800 - - - - 1 3

1801 - - - - 10 40

1802 - - - - H 54 3*3

57 411 5,095

25th March 1803.

Besides 8 registered of £. 100 each. (A true Return.)

Examined by

J.Hurfy, Clerk of the Peace.

13 D

Appendi: (No. 55.

24° Man

a/ntvHttd.i

1110

Appendix

A. 1805,

fendix,

[o- 55-)

° Alaii9

•nfinued.

COUNTY of KILDARE.

The RETURN of the N umber of Freeholders Registered by the (Jerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Ol der of the -id day of March 1803.

Class of Freeholders.

Years of Registry. £• 50. £■ 20- 40 s.

1790 - - - - 3 - 3

1796 - - - - 65 50 92

1797 - - - - 43 31 168

1798 - - - - a 3 1

1799 - - - - 25 3* 153

1800 '- - - - 5 4 7i

1801 - - - - 172 I67 U57*

1802 - - - - 18 12 87

333 299 2A47

N° of £.50 Freeholders 20 - - 1)° - -40 5. - I)0 - -

- 333

- 299 2, H7

*>779

Jos* JSIcdlicott, Clerk Peace CV Kildare.

COUNTY of K ILKE N N Y.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by tly Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursuant to the Older of the 2d day of March 1803.

£■50. £■ 40- X20. 1 Forty Shillings. Totals.

'J

1705 - - * at a 19 1°7 149

171,6 - - - 78 1 184 7*3 076

1797 - - - 11 - - - 3 33 52

1798 - - - 1 - - 12 13

1799 - 1 - - - 2 3

1800 - - - a 1 3

1801 - - - 5 - - - 7 14 26

lS02 - - - 4 4

1803 - - 0 . - - - 1 - - - 3

124 5 214 886 1,229

2ad April 1803.

At tel red by

Olii cr Wheeler,

Clerk of the Peace.

COUNTYof the CITY of KILK E N N \r.

The A C C O I) N T of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace in and for the County of the said City, pursuant to an Order of the ad day of March 1803.

1 of/'. 50.

3 of j\ JO.

•2 of - 40 s. 1 ofj£. ‘20. t of ao.

In all - 8

Registered 14th July 1796, Registered lame time.

Registered fame time.

Registered 12th January 1797. Registered 29th April 180a.

Join1 Watters, Clerk of the Peace City Kilkenny.

KING’S COUNTY.

The R ET URN' of the Regilt ry of the Freeholders of the said County, beginning in the year 1795.

Y ears. Fifty Pounds. Twenty Pounds, j Forty Shillings.

1795 " " " 2 13 40

1706 - - - 159 226 1,59°

1797 " " " 5 11 10

1800 - - - 1 l l

1801 - - - 167 198 2,501

1802 - - - 13 13 224

1803 - - - 2

347 462 4-368

Amount— Fifty Pounds Freeholders - - - 347 Ditto-Twenty Pounds Freeholders - 40a Ditto - Forty Shillings Freeholders - 4,368

Total Amount of Registry - 5,177

I certify the above is a correct Lift of the Registry of Freeholders of the King’s County, as appears on iny Hook of Registry for that purpose.—Dated this 24th day of March 1803.

lien. Ilardhtg,

Clerk of the Peace for the King's County.

COUNTY of LEITRIM.

The R ET U R N of the Number of Registered Freeholders ii the said County, pursuant to the Order of the ad day of March 1803.

• 1796. 1797- 179s. 1799* 1800. 1801. 1802.

£.30. Freeholders 66 5 2 23 16

£. 20. Freeholders 121 4 1 - - 1 39 *4

40 $. Freeholders 1,533 142 ... 7 1,079 430

1803.

3

H

307 \

March -29th 1803.

An Jr tv: Joint ft on,

C. Peace for the said County of Leitrim.

COUNTY of LI M ERICK.

A LTST of the Registered Freeholders in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the ad day of March 1803.

£■ £•50. £■ 3°- £.10. 40 s.

1795 - - - 5 41 2 68 VI

1796 - - - 77 166 2 3° 3 2,252

1797 - - - 3 3 - 6 21

1798 ——

1799 - - - - 2 - 3 4

1800 - - - - 2 - - T 1

1801 - - - 4 17 - 7* 898

1802 - - - 2 39 - 6> 533

9i 270 4 514 4,020

Which I certify this 12th April 1803.

W" Holland,

P. Clerk of the Peace for the County Limerick.

COUNTY of the C IT Y of LI M E RICK.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of the said City, purfiuint

to the Order of the ad day ot March 1S03.

Number of Freeholders who were Registered 111 the Years

Number of Freeholders of £. too in the years -Number of Freeholders of £. 50 in lame years Number of Freeholders of £. 30 in lame year Number 01 Freeholders of £. 25 in lame year Number of Freeholders of £. ao in lame year Number oi Free!udders of £. 10 in lame year Number ol Freeholders of 404. in mini year -

| 1795. 1796. 1797- 1798. 1799. 1800. 1801. 1802. 1803. ! Total.

1 10 3 2 16

18 26 1 - , .1 1 8 3 ~ i ! 5»

- 1 - 1

1 1

11 118 5 1 2 - - 39 2 - - 178

6 1.3 - - IP

15* 27 2 1 - - - 195 25 - 646

Total - -

I 016

Eduard Parkt r,

C. Peace County of the City of Limenck.

D- by

(7r>r>g[

o

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix

ini

CITY and COUNTY of LONDONDERRY.

* COUNTY of LONGFORD.

A LIST of Freeholders Registered in the said City and County, pursuant to the Order of the -id day of March' iSoj.

Fifty Found Freeholders:

In the year lSoo- - - - - o

D° - - 1801 ——

-----30

Twenty Pound Freeholders:

In the year 1800 - - - - 4.1

l)0 - - 1801 - - w - J -

1)°- - 1802 - - - - \

----- 59.

Forty Shilling Fret holders:

In the year 1800 - " - 1,234

J>° - - 1 So 1 - ’ - IM7

i)° - - 1802 - - - - 8

1)° - - 1803 - ---61

Total -

D. C. P.

Ihe R F 'I U U N of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the t lerk of the Peace in the had County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Years of Registry. £• 50. Freeholders. £. *20. ^oShillim:?.! ' ! Total N® jeach Vear. I

R«gilit*red in the year l "qd 62 69 737 8G8

I>° ])» - - ,7;)7 15 *24 1G7 2uO

1)» D" ,7o3 - 2 3

])" 1," - - 1709 6 5 *54 *6.5

I)° ])» 1800 - 1 5 6

1>° - - - 0° - - 1801 3 3 29 35

L>° - - - 1>» - - 180a iy o6 9*2 8 9*3

Total - - - 105 J H° 2,056 j 2,301

John C. l\r"»jhn,

Clerk of the Peace for the County of Longford.

COUNTY of LOUTII.

A LIST of the Freeholders Registered in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Months and Dates of Registry. a

? -D «-* U zt | Total

'* V

Years. >1 5— 73 2 p . rzi £ d 71, u- OJ 0 S-. -0 S > 0 u u >1 0 A 1 1 ‘ 1 S"° of Freeholders Registered.

— PS < •-5 cT JZ —V w A. 1 /

*795 - - - - _ _ _ - - 31 6 . 10 76 — 1

1790 - - - 12 . 14 - - 8.9.30 - - 11. 15. l8 - 4 H - - 335 1

fc -5- 1 j

1707 - - - IO - - 28 . 29 - - - 30 - 3 - 25

1798 - - - 7 9 - - - - 4 1; 736

1709 - - l - - - - -■ 7 _ _ 6 I

1800 — - 28 6 _ _ 26 1 !

1801 - - - 1802 - - - 12 11 13 L3 5 2.16.30 ! 175 89 1 i l: j

Number of £.=>o. Freeholders - - - - 1 $6 )

Number of £. 20. Freeholders - 62 I whole Amount - 736.

Number of 405. Freeholders - - - 538 J ---

The above is a true Return of the Freeholders Regiilered in the County of Louth, up to this 15th day of March 1803.

John Bourne,

Clk. Peace Coy Louth.

COUNTY of MAYO. f

__________ i

The R Vi T U R N of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the ‘id day of March 1803.

Year. Fifty Pounds. Twenty Pounds. Forty Shillings.

1706 - - - 62 87 2,75s

1797 - - - 6 9 112

179S ——

1799 - - - 43 62 1.310

1800 - - 26 ‘24 3w 19

1801 - - - 26 35 3i»33

1 So2 - - - ‘2 1 13 i»5-G

1803 - , . ~ - 2

184 230 12,760

I certify the above to be a true Return.

Tho* G1 Idea,

Castlebar, Clerk of the Peace of the

March 15th 1803. County of Mayo.

COUNTY of MEATII.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Ilegiftered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Number of each respective Class in the following Years. ■A X OJ tri z V C . i V. 0 T ■o a; «•> O *- General Total, from 14th January 1 79t> to 3d March 1803.

1796 - 123 112 i,336

1797 - - - 5 2 41 37°

1798 ... 5 2 ay

1799 8 7 91

1800 - *21 18 234

1801 - - 73 60 1,084

1S02 - - 53 20 59 S

1803 - - 2

Total of cacti Class 340 260 3>745 L 4>345

Edis* Elliot Chambers, Clerk Peace C° Meath.

Append

(No. 55 2 4° Mai

C ant ut net

ipendix,

55 )

l' Mm,

ont'timed.

1112

Appendix.

A. 1803.

COUNTY of MONAGHAN.

A LIST of the Number of Freeholders of the said County of Monaghan, their Value, and Years of Registry; viz.

T 0 TA L of the Number of Freeholders in the County of Monaghan, in the following Years; viz.

Years of Registry. Value. £■ 50. £.zo. 40 S4 Total.

*795 - - - -*796 - 1800 - - - -lSOl - - - -1802 - - - -1803 .... 1 6l 5 1 12 126 12 5 3 96 4*271 311 309 67 81

68 158 4»935 5,i6i

Exd by Walter Young,

C. P. County Monaghan.

QUEEN'S COUNTY.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Ppace for the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Years of Registry. Freeholders of £. 50. Freeholders of£. 20. Freeholders of 405. Numbers Registered in each Year.

1795 - H 12 127 153

1796 - 52 ‘^74 1,721 2,047

1797 - 13 7 26 46

1798 - 2 - - 2

1709 - - - 13 42 55

1800 68 96 920 1,084

1801 46 65 705 816

1802 35 658 722

Total Number') of each Class 3 j 2*4 502 ’4 •4,199 4,925

I humbly certify, That the foregoing is a true Return of the Number of Freeholders registered by me as Clerk of the Peace for the Queen's County.—Dated this 20th day of March 1803.

Stephen A. Roberts, jun.

Clk. Peace Queen's County.

COUNTY OF ROSCOMMON.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Years. £-5° Freeholders. £:<io Freeholders. 40 s. Freeholders.

1795 - 17 H 247

1796 . 132 144 2,681

1797 - 17 H 381

1798 . 2

1799 - 7 H 294

1800 - 6 6 ' 105

1801 ... 27 22 1,080

1802 - 26 24 1,150

1803 ... 2 6 109

234 244 6,049

I certify the foregoing to be a true Return.—Dated this 17th of March 1803.

Patk M’Keogh,

* C. P. Co. Rofcommo*.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1113

COUNTY OF TIPPERA&Y.

The RETURN of all the Fifty Pounds Freeholders, Twenty Pounds Freeholders, and Forty Shillings Freeholders, Registered in the County of Tipperary, commencing the 25th day of August 1795, and ending the loth day of February 1803; viz.

Years. £■ 50. £■ 20. 40 S.

1795 _ 9 12 45

1796 ■» - - 359 348 U937

1797 - - * - 45 12 16

1798 - 1 1 —

1799 - * 7 IO 21

1800 - - 10 1 1 73

1801 - - 209 1,070

1802 - - 171 189 2,202

1803 - - 1 - 11

734 792 t, 1 " i —

Total 6.907

Bryan Sni/ny,

Clerk Peace.

COUN T Y O F T Y R O N E.

The R LT U R N of the Freeholders Registered hv the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, purluaiit to the Order of the ‘id day of March 1803.

County of Waterford—continued.

Years of Registry. Titty Pounds. Twenty Pounds. Forty Shillings.

1795 - 20 16 .1>583

1796 - 22 S3 3D 33

1799 - 1 1 197

1800 - 3 9 ■VH

1801 - 51 61 4,306

1802 - - - 9 34 1,466

Total of each Class 106 C54 11 >299

154

106

Total of Freeholders in said County -

Ho59

14th March 1803.

Examined by M. Reynolds & 11/11,

C. P. Co, Tyrone.

COUNTY OF WATERFORD.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

l A

F:

Date of Rogiilry. r 0 \C.-2, g t-H £. 20 Freeholds. n c

Year.- Month. Day. 1795: July - 14. 1 2 5

October 6. 20 IO 7

D° - 9- 10 12 7

D° - 10. 1 1 1

1)° - 12. 1 I 20 43

D° - 28. 3*5 56* 2/4

Novemler 21. 1 3 5

80 104 34-

1796; January 12. 1 7 1.1

April - 5. 7 1 26

July - 12. 2 5 4

October 4. 6 4 H

D° - 17. 5 2 7

November 15. 11 6 38

3* 25 104

1797; January 10. 3 1 —

February 22. 1 1 7

April - 25. - - 1 —

June - 6. - - - - 3

July - 11. - - 1 —

August - 21. 2 - - 96

6 4 106

J798: January - 9. - - 1 —

October - 5. - - - 1

- - 1 1

Carried forward

Number Regina ed in

each Year.

1795: ltegd 32G

1796:

Regd 161

1797:

ltegd 116

1708:

Regd 2

- 805

'Total

Number

Regis-

tered.

Date of Registry. er* 2 In-| 1 £■ '2° j Freeholds. w 20 . 'o *9 -a 0 XT £ u, (

Year. Month. D,y. Broa gilt foru ard

*799: April - 2. - - ’ - - 1

July - 22. - - - - H

October *4- 1 . .2 2o

1

1 2 35

1800: January H- 2 24

D° - 20. - - 1 22

April - 22. 1 2 1

October 13* 2 - - H _ ]

3 s 61

1801: January 13- . 2 5

April - H- 6 11 59

L>° - 20. 2 1 9

July - 14. - - 3 7

1)° - 2 i. . 3 3 2

October 6. 12 8 4

I)° - 12. 6 4 16

D° - 28. 2 0 13

31 34 113

1802: January 12. 9 12 3°

D° - 19. 13 20 17

April - 27- 10 4 71

May - 3- 4 3 31

July - 15- 1 - -

October - 5* 1 1 10

37 4-1 3»4

1803: January 11. - 1 - -

Number llegiftcred: in

805

38

ltegd 69

Total Number of Freeholds Registered j ill the County of Waterford - - J

1801:

Regd 1 So

1802:

Regd 392

1803:

Reg*

M&5

Total

Number

Kegil-

tered.

1.485

One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-five.

Tho* Defend,

Depr Clk. of the Peace of the County of Waterford.

COUNTY OF THE CITY OF WATERFORD.

The R ET U Pc N of the Number of Freeholders R.egiftcred by the Clerk of the Peace of the County of the said City, pursuant to the Order of the id day of March 1803.

Nunibers of Five holders Reg i tiered. Names of Freeholders. Value of Freeholds. Dates of Registry.

N° 1. Nicholas Ay 1 ward _ £ 20 - ill February 1802

2. John Bracken - - - 40 Shillings 14th July - i3oi

3- James Bracken - 40 Shillings 14th July - 1801

4- Medhope Blunden - - £20 26th April - 1802

5* C^crald Coghlan - 40 Shillings 13th Nov1 - 1801

6. John Doyle - - - 4 0 Shillings 11 th January 1802

/ Thomas Dun ford - - £.20 - - ift February 1802

8. James Fitzgerald - - 40 Shillings; 1 nil January 1802

9- James Galirey - - - £■ 2° - - 20th May - 1796

10. Martin Gormon - - £. 2° - - 11 th January 1802

11. John Hafsaid - - - £■ 2° - - 9th January 1797

12. Philip Hunt - - - £. 20 - - 14th July - 1801

13. Samuel Hammond - /J.20 - - Oth Novr - 1801

14. William Hammond - 40 Shilling* at Ii Novr - 1801

l.v Edward Hall - - - 40 Shillings 11 th January 1801

16. William Morgan - - £.-20 - 9th Novr - 1801

17. John Mills - - - - 40 Shillings ill February 1802

18. George Mills - - - 40 Shillings ift February 1802

19. Cornelius Murphy - 40 Shillings 15th March 1802

20. Cornelius Murphy, jun. 40 Shillings 151b March 1802

21. 'Tobias Nalli - - - 40 Shillings 1 ith January 1802

2*2. William O’Meara - - 40 Shillings 13th July - 1801

23. John O’Brien - - - 40 Shillings ift February 1802

24. 'Thomas Power - £20 - - 13th April - 1801

2;s. Patrick Power - £20 - - 13th April - 1801

26. Rev. 'Thomas Power - £• 2° - - ift February 1802

27. Samuel Spring - £■ 20 - ill March 13 yj.

28. Philip Walih - - - 40 Shillings 9U1 Nov* - 1801

Gross Number of Freeholds Registered, 28; of which Number 13 are Twenty Pounds Freeholders, and 15 are Forty Shillings Freeholders. There are no Fifty Pounds Freeholders Registered.

jo g IO Continued)

* Jii

by

ipendix,

to* 55 )

4.* Mail,

an tinned.

1114

.Appendix.

A. 1803.

County of the City of Waterford—continued.

Number of Freeholders Registered in the year 1796

- * D° ...... in the year 1797

■* f, - D° - in the year 1801 -«*D* in the year 1802

1 1 1 2 14

Total Number Registered - - 28

Robt Cooke,

Clk. of the* Peace.

COUNTY OF WESTMEATH.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

Years. N° of £. 100. N° of £-50. N° of £.20. K° of £. 10. N° of 40 Shillings.

179s - - 4 6 1 82

1796 - . 13 113 177 4 1,544

1797 - - 12 11 3 281

1798 - - 1 — —

1799 - * 2 3 1 - 10

1800 - 1 5 2 1 9

1801 - * 12 H - - 66

Total - 1 16 H9 212 9 1,992

G* Longford-street,

7. & J. y/n/;//.

Clerks of the Peace for the Count} Wcliuieatli.

COUNTY OF WEXFORD.

A LIST of the Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peare in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day uf March 1803.

Rrgiftered in the year 1800 Ditto - in the year 1801 Ditto - in the year 1802 Ditto - in the year 1803

Total of £. 50 -

1)° of £. 20 D° of 40 s.

Total

£•50. £• 20. 40 S,

H 8l 5°t

92 235 1

H 1 32 462

121 :H8 ‘2,599

COUNTY OF WICKLOW.

Th<* It ET URN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace in the said County, pursuant to the Order of the 2d day of March 1803.

121

348

3,068

The Total Number of Freeholders Registered in the County of Wexford, as by the above Statement, is Three thousand and Sixty-eight.

John Robertxy

Wexford, 14th tylarch 1803. Clk. Peace.

N°*. N°*. N®*.

1796. Fifty Pounds Freeholders fo5 _ .—.

Twenty Pounds Ditto - - - 301 — -

Forty Shillings Ditto - $,36;

‘79?- Fifty Pounds Freeholders 18 — — >

Twenty Pounds Ditto - - - 7 —

Forty Shillings Ditto - - * - - n

1798. — — —

1799. Fifty Pounds Freeholders 12 — —

Twenty Pounds Ditto - - - 2 -

Forty Shillings Ditto - j 1 ! - - i - - 71

1800. Fifty Pounds Freeholders 1 3 ~ —

Twenty Pounds Ditto - i f- - * — —

! ! Forty Shillings Ditto - j I - - , 6 1

i; 1801. f> Fifty Pounds Freeholders ! 56 — 1 _ 1 1

1; Twenty Pounds Ditto - 1 - - 130 j

Forty Shillings Ditto - m -* I - . i>*99

1 1802. Fifty Pounds Freeholders 11 — —

I Twenty Pounds Ditto - - - 8 —

Forty Shillings Ditto - 66

1803. Fifty Pounds Freeholders — — —

I Twenty Pounds Ditto - — —

Forty Shillings Ditto - 8

I 2g6 448: 4'°45

■i 'i Total Fift; { y Pounds Freeholders - 20f6

i D° Twenty Pounds D‘ > 448

! D® Forty Shillings D° - 4»°45

i i 1 . Total - 4.6Q9

27th day of March 1803.

James M'Clatcfiiif

Clerk Peace County Wicklow.

ABSTRACT of the RETURNS from the under-named Counties in Ireland, of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerks of the Peace in those Counties; distinguishing the Number of each Class of Freeholders lo Registered; viz. Kitty Pound* Freeholders, Twenty Pounds Freeholders, and Forty Shillings Freeholders; all’o, specifying the Dates of the Years of Regiliry, and the Number Registered in cadi Year reflectively.

Counties. j 1 ! Class. |( YEAR S. | General 1 Total. ! 1 Total of | each C’lufs.

1795. 1796. 1797- 1798. 1799- 1800. 1801. j 1802. 1 1803.

£• 56. 4 37 4 - 2 3 18 8 1 . j 76.

ANTRIM. 1 £• 20. 19 102 - - None. 1 1 44 13 None.: 12,733. 1S0.

i 4°*• 1,180 3,4^4 287 - 198 678 5,it55 i,5°5 - - i 1-M97-

| £-50. 9 45 4 1 6 2 9 2 . t' | 7*-

ARMAGH. ! £. 20. 11 74 3 3 29 20 10 12 . 7>329.

4° *• 1,140 3>159 3*3 245 760 526 432 5H - - I JfL.

£•50. 37 121 10 <2 4 9 35 13 1 1 231.

CARtOW. £.20. 22 196 10 1 - - 5 66 3* _; 4,286. 331*

405. 146 1.97 8 115 - - 10 1 934 54° - - 'i •1 S.7-4-

|| £• 50. 3 90 6 - - 1 3 56 2 t ;t' ! 161.

CAVAN. £■ 11 4 - - 1 2 37 2 1 - I; 5.319- 108.

> - — . , 1 4° *• 124 3,033 55 9 5 L.. <0 1,672 216 I i| 5,100.

(cvntinwd'

43 Geo. Ill* Appendix* 1115

Abstract of the Returns of Freeholders Registered in the Counties in ln\iuid+-CQntitwcd.

Counties. Class. Y E A It S. General Total* i - Tor At of e*ch Class;

f 1/95- 1796. 1797- 1798. 1799- 1800. 1801. 1802. i 1803. 1

• £•50• 9 H7 7 2 9 49 11 * -1 1 234-

CLARE. £• 27 187 6 . - - 4 34 62 27 6,113. 347*

405. 206 1.934 <238 ~ 23 162 *•3*5 654 5,532.

£.50. 25 422 18 11 3 9 65 53 '2 608.

CORK. 24 451 10 3 - - 1 i 65 3i - - 3,657- 59d.

40 s. 77 1,189 5* 2 - 358 617 158 - 2,453.

- i 40 1 . _ 2 5 - 48.

CORK (City). £.•20. - - 125 - - - - 2 — & 15 44 661* 186.

40 s. - - ^93 - - 1 - - - - 46 87 417.

1 1 4

£•50. - _ 90 10 1 4 8 2 i 115.

DONEGAL. £‘20. 4 9- 3 1 2 1 6 4 - - 3,937. ! i»3*

40 S. 144 3.046 114 4 - 21 291 n9 -: 3,739*

1 £•50- - - 5» 3 - 8 7 3* H 2 i a*

D 0 W X. £. -20. 6 «4 5 - - 4 8 51 2 1 16,146.: 161.

40 j 112 8,142 103 - 93 65 6,335 9l4 98 ! 1 15,862.

£-50- 5 3 _ _ _ _ — _ _ _ 8.

D R O G II E D A. A* 20. 5 20 1 - - 1 1 7 3 - - 191. 38-

40 a'« 9 57 9 1 4 10 3d H 5 145

£■ 50. 6 129 49 3 3 12 221 62 l j 486.

DUBLIN. £• 20. 7 152 33 2 11 3 196 58 - - 2,413* 1 462.

i 1 40 S. 2 39!) 22 2 73 155 573 239 1,465.

A* 50. - , 43 12 2 4 3 104 100 None. 268.

DUBLIN (City). £• 20. - - 65 11 2 6 4 1*5 140 - - 837- 35$.

40 S. 21 13 - 2 1 62 "7 216.

£• 50. ' . 32 4 »' - 13 1 50.

FERMANAGH. £‘20. - - 172 8 37 5 - - 6,371. 222.

40 «. 1 4*574 44 " " 23.5 16 6,100.

£*50* 1 158 15 12 7 60 39 I I 282.

GALWAYi 2 275 18 1 10 11 82 . 68 - - 7,164- 466.

40 5. 49 1.924 368 2 43 251 1>5*S 1,883 10 j 6,416.

£• 5°* 12 1 * 1 2 12 | 1 *8*

GALWAY (Town). £• 20. - - 13 2 1 - - 5 - - 18 - - 361. 39.

40 S. - - 12 H - 1 267 - - ! ! 294.

Eig1 it registered of £.\oot ?ach. *

£ 50. - - 32 . - - - - 1 10 H - 57*

KERRY. A'- 2°- - - 3»4 3 40 54 r ~ 5,563- 411.

40.Y. " 4,612 - 19 151 313 5.095.

£•50. 0 u 6.5 43 2 25 5 171 18 333-

KILDARE. £• 20. - - 50 3* 3 3* 4 167 12 - * 2,779- 299.

40 S. 3 92 168 1 153 71 1.572 87 " " 2,147*

£•50. 21 78 11 1 - - 2 5 4 2 1*4*

KILKENNY. £• 40-£• 20- 2 19 1 184 3 1 1 7 - _ 1 ldW9. 5- 214.

40 «y. 107 713 38 12 2 " *4 " - 886.

A- 5* - 1 * 1* i.

KILKENNY (City). £. 20. 3 1 1 - - 8. 5.

40.9. - 2 2.

i;* 5°* 2 L59 5 - 1 167 13 1 347*

KING’S COD NTY. A- -20. 13 226 11 - - - - 1 198 13 - - 5,i77- 462.

t ! 40.9. 40 L590 10 " T - 1 2,501 224 2 4»36B.

£•50. - - 66 5 - - - 2 23 16 3 115.

LEITRIM. £■ 20- - - 121 4 1 - - 1 39 24 14 3^873. 204.

40 .9. ~ " 1.583 142 " * 7 ,»°79 43d 307 * 3o54*

£. 100. 5 77 3 4 2 01.

£• 50. 4l 166 3 - - 2 2 17 39 - - 270.

LIMERICK. £• 30. 0 *2 - - - - 4,905. ! 4*

£• 20. 68 303 6 - - 3 - - 72 62 - - * 5*4-

40 9. 31 r 2,252 21 " 4 1 898 533 - 4,026.

1 £.100. 1 10 3 _ _ _ 2 . - . 16.

£•50. 18 26* i - - 1 1 8 3 - - 56.

£•30. - - 1 1.

LIMERICK (City.) £■* 1 M' 1.

/ £• 20. 11 118 5 1 0 - - 39 2 - - 178

£. 10. 6 13 19.

40 v*. 132 272 J 195 2$ ~ - - .6+6'

-----—--<

' r\r\a

I- / C

Append »a (No. 55.'. 24*

cwtfputti.

1116

Appendix.

A. 1801

Appendix, (No 55-) 24° Mail, emtinued.

Ahftratf of the Returns of Freeholders Reuiltered in the Counties in Ireland— continued.

2 7° Janii,

Counties, Class. 1 Y E A R S.

f 1795- 1-96. 1797- 1798. 1799. 1800. iSOl. 1802. 1803.

LONDONDERRY (City anti-County). , £■ 50. £-*°- -40 S. , _ _ . _ 25 43 1,234 5 15 917 1 8 61

LONGFORD. £• 50. £•20. •- 40 A'. - - 62 69 737 15 24 167 2 3<i 6 5 154 1 5 3 3 29 10 36 928

LOUTH, t _ £■ £■ 40 ? The 3 r' Total: ^turned Number of eacl 1 Class only i;F> 62 538

MAYO.: £.50.. £.10. 40 s. - 62 87 | 2,7.58 6 9 112 - - 43 62 L5io 26 24 3-719 26 35 3A33 21 13 1,526 2

G eneral Total.

2r3°9-

Total

of

each Class.

3°*

59-2/2‘20.

2,301.

73^.

13>174-

105.

140.

2,056.

136.

62.

538.

184.

230.

12,760.

MEATH. £■ 50. 123 62 5 8 0 j 78 53 - 340-

£. 20. - - 112 4i 2 7 18 GO 20 - - 4,345- - 260.

40 6’. - 1-350 37o 29 92 23+ ',084 593 2 3,745- 4ft

£■ 5°- i 1 61 5 - - 1 | 63.

M 0 N A G 11 A N. £. 2«i. 12 126 - - 12 5 3 - - 5,161. 158.

' 4 0 S. 06 4,271 311 309 <57 81 4,935.

/• 50. 14 12 $2 13 2 - - 63 46 29 - - i 224.

QUEEN’S COUNTY. £'■ 20. 274 7 - - 13 90 65 35 1 4,925. 502.

40 127 i,7-i 26 " 42 920 7°5 658 - -| 4,199-

1 ! £• 50. 1 17 132 17 , _ 7 6 27 2 6 I 2 1 1 234.

ROSCOMMON. £■ 20. \ H 144 14 -* - 14 6 22 ♦a4 6 6>527- 244-

40 s. | 247 2,6 31 381 2 294 105 1,0 So 1.130 109 | j 6,049.

£. 50. 9 359 45 1 7 10 131 - 171 1 734-

TIPPERARY. £■ 20. 12 34$ 12 1 10 11 209 189 - - •6,907. j 7 02.

40 v. .45 L937 16 - 21 73 1,076 2,202 11 | 5,38i.

I £• 50. 20 22 - _ 1 3 •51 9 _ i 106.

TYRONE. -£•20. 16 33 - - - - 1 9 61 34 . - - j 11,559- 154-

I 4°s- 1,583 3A33 - . * - 197 524 4,396 1,406 - 1 11,209.

1 50. 80 32 6 1 3 31 - 37 - - j 19°.

WATERFORD. £■ 104 25 4 1 2 5 34 3i 1 j Ms5- 217.

405. 342 104 106 l 35 61 115 314 1,078.

WATERFORD

(City).

£• 50. £• 20. 40 s.

WESTMEATH.

£■ 100.

£•50. £■ 2°. £■ i°-. 405.

WE X F O R D.

£ 50. 40 6’.

4-

G

1

82

13

113

177

4

L544

12

11

3

281

2

3 1

io

12

H

66

28.

*3-

15*

H

81

501

92

235

1,636

H

3*

462

2,378-

WICKLOW.

£■ 50. £■ 20.

40 S.

106

301

2,036

18

7

23

12

2

7

56

130

1,899

11

8

66

; ,068.

4>699-

16.

149.

21-2.

0.

1,092.

121.

34*-

2,599-

206.

448.

4>°45-

N. B. The County of SLIGO wanting to complete.

COUNTY OF SLIGO.

The RETURN of the Number of Freeholders Registered by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, pursuant to the Order of

the 2d day of March 1803.

Y cars. £. 50 Freeholds. £. 20 Freeholds. 404-. Freeholds. Total.

1795 - 7 12 141 160

1796 - 54 185. 1,188 1,427

1797 - 9 35 519 56.3

1798 - 5 5

1 1799 - - - ! ——

1800 - - - 1 — — —

I 1801 - - - ' I 6 11 297 3H

11 1802 - 1 1 5 192 198

1803 - . - ho 10

1 2.077

11 — 1

ftligo, 12th June 1803.

Wm Bo-ton, c. P.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

HIT

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of Iks Majesty's Forces; from 23th December 1802

to 24th December 1803, both inrlufive; being 365 (lavs.

Ilorfe Grenadier Guards:

Life Guards:

GREAT BRITAIN:

2 Majors -

2 Lieutenants and Captains - -

1 Lieutenant and Captain (dhVerence of Pay)

<2 Guidons and Captains 1

6 Sub-Lie 11 tenants -

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains -

1 Surgeon -

Riding Master -

Eleven Trumpeters Agency

ea.

355- *7®

337- 1*2-22 8. 2.

ea.

121. 13'

ea. £. 45» 12.

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards; - One Afthtant Surgeon

Foot: - - - One Major and Captain -

Scotch Brigade:

2 Lieutenant Colonels and Captains 4 Captains ——

1 Captain Lieutenant ( 1 Quarter Mailer -

ea. £. 290. 9.

ea. 171. 17.

Agency

41ft Reg1 of Foot; or < Invalids:

103.

3 Captains - -- -..---a

3 Lieutenants -

2 Ditto - -- -- -- 85.

5 Ensigns - - - -- - 85.

l Adjutant ——

1 Quarter Master ——

Agency -

Allowances to the 3 Captains -

ea. £. So. o.

Companies

of

Invalids:

1 Commandant 1 Ditto -26 Captains 62 Lieutenants

32 Knligns l Surgeon

103.

85.

8.

3®

Late Royal Garrison Battalion:

Agency ——

Allowances to 24 Captains - - - ea. £. 80. o. o.

D° - - 1 Captain -

4 Captains 17 Lieutenants -1 Lieutenant 1 Ensign 1 Adjutant 1 Assistant Surgeon

- £. 1, C)20

- 100

103.

Agency

For the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments continued on Full Pay, upon Account -

Total for Great Britain -

IRELAND:

Corps

of

Invalids:

1 Captain

2 Lieutenants -2 Ensigns

ea. £. 103. 8.

«5- 3-

i Agency -

* Allowance to the Captain

• Which Sum of £653. 1. 7. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

Total

War-Office, | lR June 1803. j

VOL. 58.

xi F

Charge for 3

£. s. <L

0. 912 10 —

6. 711 >5 —

- 82 3 6

6. 6/5 5 —

6. 1,368 15 —

>73 7 6

4* 243 6 8

14 6

- 45 12 6

£■ 4,3:,8 >5 2

6. 501 17 6

£■ 4,860 12 8

80

7* 580 19 2

1. 687 8 4

- 85 3 4

85 3 4

£ 1,438 14 2

35 >9 4

1. 515 11 3

4® 3io 5 —

170 6 8

4® v 425 16 8

- £534

£■ 1,580 2 11 -

39 i°

0. 240

118 ]2 6

pi 5 —

1. 4,4^8 4 2

4® 6,411 16 8

4® *2,725 6 8

171 17 1

£■ 13,987 2

349 >3 7

— 2,020

1. 6S7 8 4

• 4- 1,758 1 8

85 3 4

85 3 4

73

9> 5 —

£ 2,780 1 8

69 10 1

Irish.

171 17 1

• 4® 206 16 8

• 4® 170 6 8

549 — 5

4 1

100 — —

*£■ 653 1 7

1 1 1 «\

C. Ytrke,

4,940 12 8

, 93 10 7

259 6 3

1,47+ *3 6

1,859 13 —

16,356 15 8

2,849 11 900-----

28,734 3 5

602 16 11

29,337 — 4

Appendii (No. 56. I® J

1118

Appendix.

A. 1803

>pendix,

'ro. 56.)

•>///,

mtinued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pfnsionkhs of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham; and of the Expences of the said Hospitals; from the 25th December 180*2 to the 24th December 1803, both inclusive; being 363 days. _______

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Cloathing for Ditto -

Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers -Board Wages, and Table for Ditto Surgeon and Apothecary -Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -Tradesmen -

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions, for the year 1803

Total for Chelsea Hospital

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMAINI1 AM:

Providore for Diet of Officers and Soldiers

Washing -

Cloathing for Officers and Soldiers -Salaries -

Coals -

Candles and Lamps -Tradesmens Bills, Furniture, 6cc.

Ditto - - for Repairs of Buildings, &c. Medicaments -

Contingencies -

Irish.

- £-7>3°°—-

40O-----

1,700 -

4,000 -

700 -

27o-----

1,500 -

1,000 -

100-----

500-----

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum

£■ 17.470-----

- 539 7 7

* £. 18,009 7 7

* Which Sum of £.18,009. 7. 7. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to -

Total -

War-Office, lft June

Bee, 7 1803. i

Charge for 365 Hays.

£■ *• d-1,271 6 4

1.324 14 4

3,3; .0 9 —

669-----

2,019 >1 9

1,900 -

3,300 — —

14,000 -

4400-----

32,781 l 5

2,800 —

29,981

16,624 — u

46,605

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pek si oners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham; from the 25th December 1802 to the 24th December 1803, both inchiflve; being 365 days.

Charge for 365 Days.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

24,161 Out-Penfloners, at Five Pence per diem each, deducing for Pensions unclaimed, £.6.843. 19. 2 490 Litter Men, at is. per diem each -

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per diem each -

33 Serjeants, blind, or nearly so, at is. 6d. per diem each -

33 Corporals, - D° - - - - is. 2 </. -

510 Privates D° - - - - is.

139 Serjeants discharged from Garrisons, at 1 s. per diem each -

25-3°7

Additional Pension for disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Penfloners To the Agents Clerks ——

To the Anient of Out-Penfloners -

- £• L95o-----

500-----

1,000-----

From which dedutt, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions -

3,450-----

1,200-----

£■ «• d-

176,880 6 3

7,300-----

4-4 6 3 903 7 6 7©2 12 6 9,307 10 — 2,53* *5 —

198,054 17 6 950-----

199,004 17 6

2,250 —

f-

Deduct, already provided on the Estimate of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of llis Maj city's Forces, for the year 1803 ——

Remains to be provided -

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMAINHAM:

Irish.

- w £—4,094 3 4

- 1,000-----

...... 5>000 -

Officers and Soldiers on Out-Pension

Chelsea Penfloners permanent in the Militia, about

Admissions and Re-udmissions during the above period

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum

* Which Sum of £.31,094. 12. 8. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

Total -

30,094 3 4

1,000 9 4

* 31,094 12 8

- - -£■

201,254 17 6 10,558 o 7

190,696 16 11

28,702 14 10

210,399 11 9

War-Office, 7 lft June 1803. J

C. Yorke.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1119

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Tiie Royal Military College, for the year 1803.

V

General Staff - - - - as per Particulars in the annexed Paper (No. 1.) -

Senior Department - - as per - Ditto - 2.

Junior Department - - as per - Ditto - 3,

Total -

War-Office, 7 lit June 1803. )

Per Annum.

£. s. d. 3 At 5 5 "

1-497 15 " 2,957 2 11

C. Yor

Appendix

(No. 56.;

I. Jirnii, continued.

(No. 1.)—PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the General Staff for The Royal Military College; lor

the year 1803.

Per Annum. 1 Total.

Governor Lieutenant Governor and Superintendant General, with a Clerk at 15. a day - - - - . - Chaplain, Librarian, and Inltruclor of Ciallics Surgeon, at 105. per day Treat urer £■ d. £. s. d.

l>5°° 748 5 — 2-0 — — l8i IO 300

Pay matter, 15.9. per day, with a Clerk at is. per day ----- Secretary to the Sup erne Board _ Adjutant, 105. per day 200 — — 182 10 —

£■ 5 —*

(No. 2.)—PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department of The Royal Military College; for the year 1S03. Per Annum. Total.

\ £. s. d. £. d.

Superintendant, with a Clerk at 15. per day ----- Professor of Mathematics ----- 1)° — of Fortification - -- -- -- -- -Ariing Principal Draftsman - -- -- -- -- 275 5 5 300 200 150

Alii ft ant - - - Ditto ----- A second - - - Ditto - -- -- -- - - - Inltructor of French - -- - - -- -- - Ditto - of German Two Servants, at 15. per day each - -- -- -- -Contingencies ----- Deduct, the Subscriptions for 30 Officers, at 30 Guineas each - 150 7cr 150 150 36 10 — 170 10 — 2^42 15 —. 945

Remains to be provided for - L497 *5 —

N. B. No Superintendant is yet appointed. A Sub-Director of Instruction is acting in the Department, at a Salary of £. 150, until the appointment of a Superintendant

takes place.

(No. 3.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department of The Royal Military College, for Two

Companies of Cadets; for the year 1803.

Military Branch:

One Commandant (original Estimate) -

One Superintendant, with a Clerk at 1$. per day -

Two Inipedors, at £. 100 each -

Two Serjeant Majors, £.54. 15. each «?•--- -

One Corporal, and Clerk of the Kitchen - -* ——

One Instrurior of the Sabre Exercise ——

One Drummer ——

Eight Private Soldiers (Servants) £. 18. 5. each ——

Civil Branch:

One Matter of Fortification -

One D° - of Mathematics £.i$o; and, when qualified, to inffrud in the Elements of Fortification, £. 50 more ——

Two Under Matters of Arithmetic, £, 150 each ——

One ProfetTor of Oriental Languages

One Professor of Natural Philoibphy, Geography, and History - - - - . -

One Under Mailer of Geography -

One Senior Matter of Drawing ——

One Under D° - of D° -

One Senior Matter of French ——

Two Under D° - - - - at £.150 each ——

One Senior Matter in Fencing, at 105. per day -

One Under D° - - D° -

One Senior Matter of German ——

One D° - - D® - in Writing ——

One Under - D° - - D° - -

One Riding Matter, at 105. per day ——

One Military Draftsman ——

Carried over -

Per Annum.

£• 5. d.

290 9 7

275 5 5

200 — —

109 10 —

27 7 6

36 10 —

21 3 5

146 — —

200 .— —

300 — .—

200 — —

370 — —

150 — —

200 — —

170 — —

150 — —

3°° — —

182 10 —

150 — —

150 — —

130 — —

120 — ' —

182 10 —

150 — —

Total.

£. s. d.

1,106 5 11

3*305 -

4411 5

1120

Appendix

A. 1803

ippendix.

No. s6.)

I. Junii,

continued.

Annual Expence of the Junior Department of The Royal Military College—continued.

Brought forward -

Wages and Board:

Board for 200 Cadet?, 2,*. per day each - - - - -

D° - Hnulekeeper, 9 (I. - - D° -1)* 9 Men Servants, at gd. I)° -I)0 8 Women 1)° at 91/. - 1)° -

Board Wages for lloulekeeper and Purveyor during the vacation, 62 days, at 2«. 6d. per day each

I)0 - - - for 9 Men - -- -- -- - D° - - is.- - - - each

1)° - - - for 8 Women Servants ...... D* - - is. - - - each

One Housekeeper s Wages -

Eight Women Servants D°, at 10. 10. each ——

One Nurie lor the Infirmary ——

CLOATHING:

200 Cadets, at £.10 each -

2 Serjeant Majors, £.y. 9. o. D° l Drummer . -

1 Corporal and 8 Privates, £. 3 each

Washing:

200 Cadets, 42 weeks, is, /\.d. per week, each ——

D° - their Sheets, 21 pair, at 3 d. per pair each -18 Servants, i)° - - D° - - - D°

Books, Equipments, &c.:

Books, Stationary, and Equipment, for 200 Cadets, £.6 per annum each -

Contingencies:

Contingent sixpences, Postage of Letters, &c. -

Per Annum.

Dedinft, the Subscription of 40 Cadets, at £. 40 each -D* ----- no D° - - £-94* 105. each -

£■ s.

6,060 -

117 3

102 5 3 90 18 — 15 1° — 27 18 — 24 16 —

30-----

84-----

30-----

Total.

£■ *. d.

4»+i> 5 11

Remains to be provided for

2,000 14 l8 5 27 6,476 14 6 2,046 18 — 617 4 6

56o — 5210 — 4 14 6

1,200

1,200

200

— 200

14,952 2 11

1,600

io,395

11,995

- - £■ 2,957 u

ESTIMATE of the Expences expelled to be incurred within the year 1803, on Account of The Royal Military Asylum

at Ciielsea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

Towards completing the Buildings of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, upon Account For fitting up the Rooms, Furniture, Bedding, &c.; upon Account -

Total -

b War-Office, *) lft June 1803. )

c *•

- 21,000

- 10,000

£• 31,000

C, Yorke.

Eftubliflmieut of the Army^and of un 2* L.IGn^ Dragoons, and One West India Regiment, retained on the

Great Britain and Ireland* and t* *° the Guards, and Dragoons, in the United Kingdom of

in the year 1803. * lhree Regiments ot Ioot Guards, for the respective periods hereafter specil"

The 23d Regiment of Eight Dragoons; from the 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 days:

Pay ——

('loathing -

Agency ——

Annual Allowances to the Captains and Riding-M after, and Extra Allowance for Farriery ——

One West India Regiment; for the like period:

Pav ......

(loathing -Agency -

Annual Allowance to Captains -

Numbers.

644

603

Augmentation of 1 Serjeant, and 10 Private Men and Ilorfes per Troop, to the id Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th March 1803 to 24th December following; both mclusive, being 275 days:

Pay ——

('loathing ——

Agency -

Extra Allowance for Farriery -

Dike Augmentation to the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for the fame period:

Pay ......

('loathing ——

Agency -

Extra Allowance for Farriery -

Like Augmentation to 15 Regiments more of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons -

Carried forward -

110

88

1,320

2,855

Charge.

£ 8. d.

30,072 19 2

9 7

389 19 5

705 12 7

18,172. 8 9

1,941 2 11

I96 lO 11

379 — —

3,151 10

380 2 7

20 1 1

31 10 3

2,520 l6 8

3°4 2 1

16 — 10

25 4 2

34.351 — 9

20,689 * 7

3,58214 9

2,866 3 9

42,99* 16 3

104.48118

4*3 Geo. Ill*

Appendix*

li21

Ultimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, &c.—continued.

Brought forward - -

Charge of an Augmentation of 10 Private Men per Company, to the lit Regiment of loot Guards; from 25th March 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 days -

Charge of a 'ike Augmentation to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, for the lame period ——

Ditto to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards -

Allowance to the Colonels on Account of the first Cloathing and Accoutrements for the said Augmentations -

Ditto, lor llorle Furniture for the Cavalry -

On Account of Levy Money for the Men -

lor the purchase of 1,518 ilorfcs, at 26. 5. per Ilorfe -Allowance for Small ileer, upon Account -

On Account of the Allowance to Innkeepers -

' Total for Great Britain -

In IRELAND.

Charge of an Augmentation of 1 Serjeant and 10 Private M^n and Ilorfes, per Troop, to one Regiment H Dragoon Guards, Irom 25th March 1803 to the 24th December blowing, both inclu!i\e; being 275 days -

Like Augmentation to 6 Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, more

* Which Sum of £. 21,530. 9. 6 } Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total -

Numbers. Charge.

£. s. d.

2,853 - - 1 104,481 18 l

320 5,8i3 4

2oo 3,666 13 4

200 3,666 13 4

13,200

- 2. 12,000

- - 8,861 6 6

10,000

- a * 30,847 10 —

— - 0)Su0

- - 7*5 00

_ _ - 1

3>575 * 198,33014 1

Irish.

88 3,076 12 9’

528 18,459 1 9

’21,556 Q 6.J

* - 19,879 16 6

4A91 218,270 11 1

War-0 dice, 7 lit June 1803. )

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional General and General Staff Officers, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the year 1803.

Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey:

For Additional General and General Staff Officers, in the year 1803; upon Account

Ireland:

For Additional General and General Staff Officers, in the year 1803; upon Account, *6,500-----

•Which Sum of £.6,500 Irish, amounts, in Britilli Money, to -

Total - - £.

Irish,

£■ d-^5,000-----

6,000 —

31,000-----

War-Office, 7 lit June 1803. y

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of appointing Effective Captains to the Troops and Companies lately held by the Colonels, First Lieutenant Colonels, and First Majors of the rcl'pedive Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry, throughout the Army; from 25th May 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 214 days.

CAVALRY:

Charge of Three additional Captains to be appointed to the Royal Regiment of Ilorfe Guards

Charge of the Full Pay and Agency of Three Additional Captains in a Regiment of

Dragoon Guards, per annum £.805 10 2

Allowance to the Three Field Officers, in lieu of the Emolument arising from the Contingent Allowance which Captains of Troops receive - - ea. £.10 - 60-----

Dcduft, the Saving by One Captain aifd One Lieutenant from Half Pay, proposed to be appointed to the vacancies occasioned by the above arrangement -

£.$65 10 2

151 4 H

Remains, the Charge for one Regiment

£•714 5 3

Charge for Twenty-live Regiments more of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, at the

like rate. - -- ...... 17,856 11 ,3

Total for the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons INFANTRY:

( Large of Five additional Captains in the First Regiment of Foot Guards

Per Annum.

£■ s.

1,177 2 6

18,570 1 6

D" - of Four - - - D° - - in the Coldstream Regiment

I)0

' 12 6

1,204 10 —

in the Third D0 ----- - 1,204 10 —

Total for the Three Regiments of Foot Guards -

Carried forward - -

3.914 12 6

23,66-2 11 6

Vol. 53.

1 3 O

Append! (No. 5^ I. JuniL

comtwmeA

1122

Appendix. A, 1803.

appendix,

[No. 56.)

I. Juniu

'continued.

Estimate of the Charge of appointing Eff<?&ive Captains to Troops and Companiesj &c* continued.

INFANTRY—continued Brought forward -•

Charge of the Full Pay and Agency of Three Additional Captains in a Battalion of £. $. d.

Infantry of the Line - - - ~ " * ~ ~ " " " 520 a 6

Allowance to Three Field Officers, in lieu of the Non-efleftive proportion of the

Allowance which Captains of Companies receive - - each ^. 20. - 00

£• 580 2 6

Deduct the Saving by One Captain and One Lieutenant from Half Pay, proposed to be appointed to the Vacancies occasioned by the above

130 0 8

Per Annum.

£• *• * 23,662 u

Remains the Charge for One Reg1 - - 449 12 10

Charge for 85 Battalions more, at the like rate - 3*V219 10 1°

Total for the Infantry of the Line

Total - - -

Which, for 214 days, from 25th May 1803 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to

Deduct the difference between Britilli and Irish Currency for the Regiments detained to serve in Ireland ......

ReiiKtins to be provided - - £.

38,669 3

62,331 15 2

3C,54d 3 1°

793 6 — 35,751 17 10

Of which the proportion of Charge for the Regiments forcing in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, is ......

For those in Ireland ' •> "

26,232 5 9oi9 12

4

6

Together, as above

35,751 17 to

a

War-Office, 1 lit June 1803. J

C, Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from the respective periods under-mentioned, to the 24th December 1803, inclusive.

1

1

1

- SOUTH BRITAIN. Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge per Annum. TOTAL.

Bedford l 3R0 £■ 10,021 s. 2 d. 2 £• d-

Berks \ 663 16,975 1 5

Royal Buckingham - - l 7 15 18,239 12 5

Cambridge l 580 15,3 >4 6 5

Royal Cornwall - - - - 1 77- 19,686 13 4

Cumberland _ - - l 728 18,1 84 2 8

Devon - - - 3 1,815 47*35* 15 6

Dorset - - - 1 49 3 12,664 13 11

Durham 1 591 15,5L5 l 5

Essex - - - 2 1,47° 36,623 15 4

Gloucester - 2 35,64° 2 3

Hereford - 1 623 16,126 8 11

Hertford - 1 568 14,3.15 8 2

Kent - - 2 1,526 37,838 7 7

Lancaster - 3 2,865 70,404 13 3

Leicester - - - - 1 768 19,613 13 4

Lincoln - - 2 1,606 39,'87 17 10

AliddMex - 3 3,554 85,965 16 6

Norlolk 2 1,431 35,718 12 1 i

Northampton 1 857 21,29-2 13 4

Somerset - 2 1,823 44,289 9 7

Southampton 3 1,014 25,840 7 11

Stafford 1 U317 31,055 6 —

Suffolk - - 2 1,248 32,289 7 10

Surrey 2 1,570 38,503 10 4

Sussex 1 947 23,493 19 5

Worccfrer - - - - 1 7-9 18,202 7 10 8

York, East Riding - - - 1 671 17,029 5

West Riding - - - - 3 2,855 70,2-22 3 3

Total - - - - 35,575 887.617 7 1

'fthich, for 2S9 dav§, from the nth March 1803 (being the date ot Ills Mujetay’s Warrant for embodying the Corps above-mentioned) to the 24th December folluw-both incluJive, amounts to - (Carried forward)

l

43 Gi&o. III.

Appendix.

1123

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.—continual.

Number 01 Regiments Battalions, or Corps. f , , Numbers. Charge per Annum.

35,575 £■ j

1 U°85 24.(182 19 5

1 i,°95 26,119 — 8

1 189 4,640 9 5

2 L434 .‘?6,3 7 5 —

1 577 14,859 1 8

1 774 19,7-3 3 4

1 671 17,029 16 5

1 714 17,3+1 18 11

1 97 2.342 10 4

1 i, LL3 27,218 1 i 11

2 1,334 33»9'3 10

1,(H!J 24-848 15 8

1 204 7, P.S8 16 11

1 1,071 25,667 6 11

1 1,065 -5.557 1° 11

1 154 3.974 6 1*

1 295 7,907 1 11

1 479 11,860 19 3

1 LH 3.974 6 11

1 4L3 10,701 — 11

1 242 <5,291 19 10

1 482 12.295 2 s

1 147 3,846 11 11

1 334 8,646 4 5

1 243 <5,465 7 5

1 168 4,243 10 8

- 5L190 388,715 14 4

1 253 7,"3 4 5

- -

1 765 19,558 18 4

1 512 13.631 ,5 5

1 523: 13,832 10 5

1 537 14,101 14 2

1 58b 15,423 1(5 5

1 768 19,613 13 4

1 583 15,369 1 5

1 76*2 18,818 6 5

1 879 21,707 17 1

1 325 8,709 5 9

1 888 21,885 15 10

1 708 18,027 16 5

1 484 12,727 13 2

1 S08 15,839 — 2

1 552 14,389 2 11 J

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Brought forward -

C heller -

Derby -

Huntingdon -

London

Monmouth and Brecon ——

Northumberland ——

Nottingham -

Oxford -

Rutland ——

Salop ......

Tower Hamlets ——

Warwick - -- -- i.

Wefimorcland -

Wilts ......

Voi k, North Ruling ——

Am: Idea

Cardigan -

Ckinmullien

Carnarvon - -

Denbigh ......

Mint ...... t -

(i!?-iijor;*,an * ......

Merioneth - -- -- -i.

Montgomery ......

Ppiiibruke - -

Radnor

dotal -

Which, for 28$ days, from l*2th March 1803 (being the date of His M.ijeky’s W arrant- lor embodying the above-mentioned Corps) to 24th December following, both indtillvc, amounts to

Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon -

Which, lor 288 days, from 12th March 1803 (being the date of His Majebys Warrant for embodying the above-mentioned Corps) to the 24th December following, both inclusive, amolmts to

NORTH BRITAIN

Aberdeen - a- .- -- -- -.

Argyle and Bute * * - -

Ayr - -- -- ......

Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Peebles -Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk -Edinburgh File

Eorfar and Kincardine - -

Invcrneis, Banff, Elgin, and Nairne -

Kirkcudbright and Wigtoli ——

Lanark ----- * ——

Royal Perth -

Renfrew -

Rot's, Caithness, Sutherland, and Cromarty -Stirling, Dunbarton, Clackmannan, and Kinross -

Total -

Which, for 2S8 days, from 12th March 1803 (being the date of His M Ljciiy’s Warrant for embodying the last-mmtioned Corps) to 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to For the Allowance to Pay mailers, Paymasters Clerks, and Armourers Allowance lor Necelikries, upon Account -

For d effacing the Charge of Buff Accoutrements for the Augmentation of the Militia, upon Account ......

Total for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall - - j

IN I R E LA N D:

From 25th March 1803 to 24th December following, both ineluilve; being 275 days*

One Regiment -

Five more ——

One more

One more -

Thirteen more ——

One Battalion ——

One more One more

Fourteen more - -

• Which Sum of £. 520, 53s. 10. 4. Iriflj, amounts, in British Money, to

Total -

bo,983

244,53b 7 3

War-Office, 7 id June 1S03.3

799 3,995 720 641 8,333 5b(2 51 )-2

483

6,702

22,857

83,840

- 1

- £ \

Irirti. ’ 1

i7>964 3 450

89,820 16 1050

16,260 6 9

14,556 10 —

189,234 10 —

12,838 16 j 0

12,838 16 So

11.134 *9 5

155.380 11 io

' 520,538 10 4

- - £ "

Total.

702,798

(i.

11

306,712 13 6

5,bi2 1*2 6

192,949 4 10

14.000 —■ —

35.000 — —

10,600-----

i 1,267,07a 18 9

480497 I 1

i>747>'57° — 8

oogAe

jpendix,

HO. 56.)

• Jtmtt,

snftnutd.

1124

Appendix.

A. 1803.

.ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland; for the year 1S03.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1803, upon Account

Irish.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia of Ireland, for the year 1803 - * j£.9>°4la *• 11

* Which Sum of£. 9,041. 1. 11. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total - -

War-0 ffice, 7 id June 1S03.1

£■ d-30,000 — —

8,345 12 7

38>345 12 7

C. York?.

ESTIMATE oi the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and the Royal Corps of Miners

of Cornwall and Devon; for the year 1803.

Numbers. SO UTFI DRIT A I N:

2,-298 Serjeants - . - - - - at ^.5. 15. 9-

1,314 Drummers - - - - - - - 5. 18. 7.

45)435 Rauh and File - -2. 8, 7.

NORTH BRITAIN:

426 Serjeants - - * ...... - at £.5. 15. 9.

974 Drummers - -2. 18. 7.

8,39b Rank anil File - - . - - -2. 8. 7.

ROYAL CORPS of MINERS of CORNWALL and DEVON:

12 Serjeants ...... at £. 5. 3 2. 9.

9 Drummers - - - - -2. 18. 7.

216 Rank and File - -2. 8. 7.

Charge.

£■ s. d.

12 >1)54 19 6

3.848 18 6

110,369 3 9

2.401 ] 1 6

8o2 11 10

20,305 5 8

67 13

20 7 3

524 H

Deduct, On Account nf Half a Year’s Cloathing Allowance for the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the disembodied Establishment, liable to be paid out of the Sum already provided in the Estimate of Militia Cloathing for the year 1801-2 ......

Heinains to be provided

£• d.

127,173 1 9

23,599 9 —

618 14 3

15L391 5 —

7,5oo-----

143,891 5 —

War-Office, 7 lft June 1803. J

C. York.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the encreased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn keepers and others, on Quartering the Embodied Militia of Great Britain; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officer* and Private Men of the said Militia, for Small Beer; for the year 1803.

For the encrcaftd Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and ethers, on Quartering the Embodied Militia, upon Account -

For ati Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia, for Small Beer, upon Account -

Total

War-Office, 7 lft June 1803. 3

£• s. d.

80.000 -

65.000 -

145,000-----

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, ordered to be raised by His Majestjf*

Proclamation, dated the 26th May 1803.

For the Pay and Agency of the Commissiioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Supplementary Militia, when embodied; from 25th July 1803 to 24th

December following, both inclusive, being 153 days, llPon Account ......

For the Cloathing of the Non-commissionctl Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, upon Account -

For Neccflarics, upon Account - ......

For Accoutrements, upon Account ...... -

For Coiitiivjencies, upon Account -

For the encreased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, upon Account -

For Beer Money, upon Account ' ......

Total - - _ £.

lit

Yur-Office, *7 j June 181-3. y

d.

260,000 — —

70.000 -

17.000 -

25.000 -

8,000-----

20.000 -

16.000 - —

416,000 — —

C. Yor.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1125

ACCOUNTS respecting the FORFEITED ESTATES in Scotland

ACCOUN T of the BALANCES remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland, of the Sums of £. 69,910. 15. oL and £. 2,500, granted by two Acts, marie 111 the g2d and 33d years of the reign of his late Majesty, for paying oil and discharging the Debts upon

the Forfeited Dilute of Perth.

1803:

May 13. Balance at this date -

- £.964. 15- 4-

Append’r, (No. 57.) 1° Junii.

John Macintosh, Accomp1.

1Vm Simpson, Cashier.

ACCOUNT of the BALANCE remaining in the Royal Bank of Scotland, of the Sum of £.38,553. 12. 1 J. granted by a* Ad, made in the ill year of llis preknt Majesty s Reign, for paying oil and cliicharging the Debts upon the Estate of Lovat.

1803:

May 13. Balance at thi£ date -

- £.1,090. 7.4.

John Macintosh, Accomp1.

Wn Simpson, Cashier.

ACCOUNT of the BA LA NC E of the Atonies arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, handing in the'Books of the Royal Bank of Scotland 111 the Name of the Right honourable the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

1803:

May 13. Balance at this date -

- £.14,830. 11. 1.

John Macintosh, Accomp'.

Wm Simpson, Cashier.

E S TI M AT E of the further Charge of VOLUNTEER CORPS of Cavalry and Infantry; for the year 1803,

For Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, upon Account For Ditto in Ireland, upon Account - -

Total

War-Office, 7 *d June 1803. y

C. Torke.

£. d.

200.000 -

100.000 -

300,000-----

Appendix* (No. 5S./ 2° Junii.

ESTIMATE of the further Sums required for the Service of the BARRACK DEPARTMENT; for the year 1803,

For the Purchase of Barracks at Allitbni -

For the Purchase of Prcimfes at Bnltol -

For Buildings, Repairs, Alterations, Nc. carrying on at Gibraltar

Total

£. s. d.

- 10,000

- 8,300

- 40.033

■ £■ 58*333

War-Office, 7 2d June 1803. j

C. Yorhe.

Jovis, 20 die Junii, 1803.

RESOLUTION reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aiiairs of'Faxes; and who were intruded to consider of an Act, made in the 25th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by " Coaehmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages tu be built for Sale."

PESO LVE D, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Licences to he taken out by Coachmakers, and on Carriages to be built for Sale, and the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aifairs of Taxes, respectively payable in England, do cease and determine; and that the several Rales and Duties following be afieijed, levied, and collected, in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A Schedule of the D utics made payable for every Dwelling-1 loul’e within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, according to

the number of Windows or Lights in each.

Appendix,

(No. 59.)

2° Junii.

1---r-----

Number of Windows, according to which the Dwelling-1 Joule shall be charged.

Not wire than*fix Windows or Lights (except in such Iloiifes which shall be worth the Rent nf£. 5. determined by the yea1*, and shall be charged to the Rate or Duty lmnlioned in Schedule (B.) according to the rent thereof) -Not more than fix Windows or Lights, if of the value before mentioned, and charged to the Rate or Duty accordingly -

Vol. 58.

Duties to be Number of Windows, according to which the Dwelling- Duties ro be charged for every charged for every

Dwelling-Hou/c House shall he charged. Dwcl'ing-House

in England. in England.

£■ *■ d. 7 Windows or Lights ----- £■ d, 0 18 6

00 1 1 c 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 10 0

9 - - Ditto - - - * - - - 1 18 0

060 10 - - Ditto - -- - 2 10 O

11 - - Ditto ----- 3 5 0

0 00 O 1*2 - Ditto - - - 4 0 0

1196

Appendix.

Jt. 1803.

.;idix,

-59-)

ftoiii,

'inued.

Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, payable in England continued.

-continued.

Schedule {A.)—continued.

j Number of Windows, according to which the Dwelling-I louie shall be charged.

13 Windows or Lights -

14 - - Ditto ——

i5 - - Ditto ——

16 - - Ditto - a ——

17 - - Ditto - •t - -

18 - - Ditto - - m

19 - . Ditto -

20 Ditto -

21 - - Ditto

22 - - Ditto - - . ——

23 - - Ditto

24 - - Ditto - - - - —* -

25 - - Ditto - - - . ——

26 - - Ditto ——

27 - - Ditto - - - - . -

28 - - Ditto

29 - - Ditto ——

30 - - Ditto ——

31 - ' Ditto

32 - - Ditto •* -

3.3 * - Ditto - - . ——

34 - - Ditto - . .

35 - - Ditto - - _ -

36 - - Ditto ——

37 - - Ditto

38 - - Ditto ——

39 - - Ditto

40 to 44 Ditto - «• -

45— 49 Ditto

50— 54 Ditto

55— 59 Ditto - -

60 — 64 Ditto - . -

65 — 69 Ditto

70 — 74 Ditto

75— 79 Ditto

80 — 84 Ditto - .

85 — 89 Ditto - - - - . _

go— 94 Ditto

95 — 99 Ditto

loo — 109 Ditto

110 — 119 Ditto

120 — 129 Ditto ——

130— *39 Ditto -

140 — 149 Ditto ——

>50 — 159 Ditto - - ,

100 — 169 Ditto

170— 179 Ditto

180 and upwards Ditto -And for every such Dwelling-1 louse which fluill contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the number of i So

Duties to be charged for every Dwelting-House in England.

L s. d.

4 15 0

5 10 0

6 5 0

7 0 0

7 15 0

8 10 0

9 5 0

10 0 0

10 15 0

11 10 0

12 5 0

13 0 0

13 15 0

H 10 0

L5 5 0

16 0 0

lG 15 0

*7 10 0

18 5 0

19 0 0

19 15 0

20 10 0

21 5 0

22 0 0

22 15 0

23 10 0

24 5 0

25 15 0

28 5 0

30 15 0

33 5 0

35 9 0

37 9 0

39 9 0

4i 9 0

43 0 0

45 9 0

47 9 0

49 9 0

52 9 0

56 9 0

Go 9 0

64 9 0

G8 9 0

72 9 0

76 9 0

80 9 0

0 0

0 2 6

SCHEDULE (B.)

l SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited Dwelling-Houses within and throughout that part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the Y’ulue thereof.

For every such Inhabited House which, with the Household and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied and charged, are or shall he worth the Rent herein after mentioned, by the year, there shall be charged the Yearly Sums following' viz.

£. 5 and under £. *20 Rent, by the year -£. to and under £.40 Rent, by the year -£. 40 Rent, by the year, and upwards -

In the Pound.

£■ s. d.

0 1 4

O 2 0

O 2 6

SCHEDULE (C.)

N° 1 ^\ SCHEDUI. E of the Duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several capacities of Mnitre d'l Intel, House Steward, Masser of the llorfe, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner. Cook, House Porter, Footman, Waiter, Running Footman, 'Coachman, Groom, Pouillion, Stable-Boy, or Helper in the Stables of the Mailer or Millrcfs, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in.

Number of Servants.

For 1 such Servant

2 -

3

Amount of Duty for each Servant.

£. d. 200

2 18 O

3 0 0

Schedule (C.) N° 1.-

Nurnber of Servants.

Amount of Duty for each Servant.

For 4 such Servants -

5 ......

6 ......

7 ......

8 ......

9 ......

10 ......

11 and upwards ......

For every such Servant retained or employed by any Male

Person never havirtg been married, over and above the before-mentioned Duties, the further sum oi -

C *• d.

3 10 0

4 0 4 4 4 6

4 1*

5 0

5 10

6 6

1 10 0

' SCHEDULE (C.)

N° 2.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for Male Servants retained or employed in the several capacities herein mentioned.

For every Gardener or Person not constantly employed to work in any Garden under any Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) N° 1, and for every Gardener employed in any Cat den wherein the cojiilunt labour of one Person shall not be necesfury, the sum of

£- *• d.

050

SCHEDULE (C.)

K° 3.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for every Mule Servant retained or employed in the several capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Servant employed by any Merchant or Trader as a Traveller or Rider, the sum of

For every Male Servant employed by any Person in Trade, or ex eroding any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices where no Premium, or a Premium lets in value than the sum of Twenty Pounds, has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the sum of ......

For every Male Servant employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman or Y\ arehoulema 11 (except Apprentices as afore-ffiid) for the purpose of expoling to sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by W holelale or Retail, the sum of -

For every Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take care of any l forie, Mare, or Gelding, of any other Person or Persons, kopt for the purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, lum ot Money, or other thing, or any Horte, Mare, or Gelding, for training for any of the said purposes, whereby lueh Stable-keeper shall gain a Livelihood or Protit, the sum of I

For every Male Servant bona fide retained for the purposes of Iluibandry. or any Manufacture or Trade by which the Matter or Mistress shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any time employed in any domoftic Employment in any of the capacities in Schedule (C.) N° 1. and not chargeable to the Duties in the said Schedule, the sum of -

For every Male Servant bona fide retained for the purposes of 11utbandr}% or any Ma nufachires or Trade by which the Masser or Mistress lha.ll gain a Livelihood or Proiit, and at any time employed in the capacity of a Groom, Sluble-Boy, or Helper in the Stables, where the Matter or Mif-tress shall be chargeable for one llorfe, and no more, to the Duty on Modes kept for the purposes of riding, or druvvim* a faxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Can, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty, the lum of -

£■ *• i-1 1 0

1 1 9

1 1

0 5 0

0 5 0

SCHEDULE (C.)

N°4.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Servants let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postillion, or Helper, kept for the purpose of being let to hire, for any period of time less than one Year, and in lueh manner that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on 1 lories let to hire, shall not b.e payable on every such letting by any PoU-masser, Innkeeper, or other Person du\* licensed to let Port Holies, by the Comraifffoners for managing the Duties on Stamped V ellum, Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the sum of -

2 0 0

43 Geo. ML Appendix. 1127

Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, payable in England— continued.

SCHEDULE (D.)

N° l.—A SCHED U LE of the Duties payable on all Carriages of any of the descriptions mentioned herein.

Number of Carriages.

Amount of Duty for each Carriage.

For Carriages, commonly called Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalbes, Chuile Marines, Clmiles, Sociables, or Caravans with tour wheels, and all Carriages with Jour wheels ufod for Uie like purposes:

For l such Carriage -

2 ...... -

3 ......

5 -

6 ——

7 -

8 " - " - n - -

o and upwards -

And for every additional body fuccelTivclv used on the fame Carriage or number of wheels, the further him of -

lo o 1 I o

12 o 12 10

13 o

13 10 H o

14 10

15 O

SCHEDULE (D.)

N° 2.

Amount of

t Number of Carriages. Duty for each Carriage.

For Calathes. Cliaife Marines, Chaises, Curricles, Chairs, or Cars, with lets than four wheels, and all Carriages with less than four wheels, used lor the like purposes (except Taxed Carts)

For e\ery fuel) Carriage drawn by one Ilorfe, Mare, or

Gelding, and no more

And for every lurh Cariiage drawn by two or more Iiorles, Mares, or Geldings -

And for every additional body successively used on the fame Carriage or number of wheels, the further turn of -

£• s. d.

5 5 0

7 7 0

2 10 O

SCHEDULE (D.) N° 3.

For such Carriages hired for any period of time less than one Year, or kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Passengers.

For every such Carriage kept for the purpose of being let to Lire, with liories to be used therewith, for any period of time not exceeding 28 dr.s, to that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Hordes let to hire, shall be duly paid and iatrshed on every such letting by any Polimaher, innkeeper, or other Person duly lirenled to let Poll Iiorles determined by the C0111-nuliioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and place of abode, of the Person or Persons so licenicd, shall be marked or painte 1, according to the directions of the Ad in that case made and provided, if such Carriage shall have four wheels, the him of -

And if such Carriage shall have less than four wheels, the respective sums mentioned in Schedule (1).) N° 2. according to the number of iiorles used therewith, as therein mentioned.

For every Carriage kept for the purpose of being let to hire for any period of time less than tine Year, and in inch manner that the said Stamp (Mice Duty shall not, l»v Law, be payable on such letting by any Person so licenl’ed as aforesaid, or by any Coachmaker, or Makers of such Carriages, or other Person, if inch Carriage tliall have four wheels, the sum of ——

And if such Carriage shall have less than four wheels, the respective sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) N° 2. according to the number of 1 lorfcs to he used therewith, to he paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame for the purpose aforesaid.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise, with four wheels or more, or other C arriage with four wheels or more, by whatsoever name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a public Stage Coach or Carriage for the purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from dilVerent places, and winch shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the sum of-----

L- s.

880

10

880

SCHEDULE (D.) N° 4.

For Taxed Carts.

For every Carriage with less than four wheels, to be drawn by one Hoiie, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, which shall be built and contracted wholly of wood and iron, without any covering other than a tilted covering, and without any lining or springs, whether the fame be made of iron, w ood, leather or other materials, and with a fixed feat, without (lings or braces, and without any ornament whatever, other than paint, of a dark colour, for the preservation of the wood or iron only, and which shall have the words " A 'laxed Cart," and the Owner's Christian and Surname, and place of abode, marked or painted on a black ground, in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the hack pannel, or back part of such carriage, in words at full length, each of the letters thereof being at lea It one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion, and the Price of which, Repairs excepted, shall not have exceeded, or the value thereof shall not at any time exceed, the (Urn of £. 12 Sterling, which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own ule, and not for Hire, the annual sum of -

Duty.

1 4

SCHEDULE (D.)

NT0 5.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers and other Makers of Carriages chargeable with Duly, dnd oh Carriages ifiade or sold as herein mentioned.

By every Person who tliall carry on the Trade of a Coach-maker, or Maker of any Carriages, in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, the Annual Duty of -By eve^ such Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every inch Carriage with four wheels, which he or she shall make, build, or conlhud for Saie, the lum of -

And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he of ilie flia.il make, build, or conltruct for Sale, the sum of

£; s. d. 056

100 o 10 6

SCHEDULE (D.)

N* 6.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any Carriages chargeable with Duty, by Auction, or on Conumllion.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by way ot Auction, or on Commission, or in exportation of Profit or Reward, in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, the Annual Duty of By every such Person for every such Carriage with four wheels, which he or she shall fell by Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the sum of * -

And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he or she shall fell by Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the sum of -

£• d.

650

100

6160

SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the purpose of Riding, or for the purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.)

N°t.

Number thereof.

--- ’■

For 1 such Horse, Mare, or Gelding

2 ......

3 ......

4 ......

5 ......

6 ......

7 ......

8 - ......

9 ...... -

10 ......

11- -

12 -

,3 - - . .

H ......

5 -

16 ...... - -

,7 -

18 ......

19 ......

20 and upwards ——

Amount of Duty: for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

£■ s. d.

2 0 0

3 6 0

3 12 0.

3 15 0

3 16 0

4 0 0

4 1 0

4 1 0

4 1 6

4 2 0

4 2 a

4 2 0

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 3 0

4 3 6

4 4 0

4 5 a

App (No a* j

Conti

11 >28

■ Appendix.

A. 1803.

endix,

'•59-)

inutd.

K,:5 uii.'.t 51.*:..... Corn., Mm for lire AlUnoT To.^ 1^1.1-in

SCHUDIL!' (i:.)

N° 2'.—A SCHEDULE of the DutOb p.mihle on Horses let to Hire.

l’(>r r.very llo'ie, Mjre, or (let to lf.ro for ill? porno i" oi'ridin", orol’tlrawiiv* any wr!: < 'r.rno.ec r aiorei.uil, for any period or lime ini's than one ) ear, in any manner to lint I lli f * Stamp Ol/ice Duty, payable by Law uii Horses lt t to Hire, shall not be payable, the turn of -

I or every llorL, Mure, or Gelding, not ebaryeable with aUv Duty according to the Schedules (D.) N° i, NJ2, and X' 3, aiorcMid, find lor every MuD, except in the rales alter mentioned, wherein other Duties are mad payable -

C S.

012 6

S C II E D U L E (Id)

N0 -2.—A SC II Id D IJ L K of the Duties payable on llufbandry Ilorfes in the cases herein after mentioned.

Anv Person occupying a Farm at Hack Rent, the Rent of winch shall he Id's than id *20 a year, and making a Livelihood solely therehy, or occupying any Dilate on any other tenuie than as a Tenant at Rack Kent ioiely, or Inch other l'diate, tog.alier with a Farm at Rack Rent, the value of which, in the whole, shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of/.-20 a year (reckoning the value of every Fatale occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double th> amount id' the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood lblely by Inch his own Dilate, or by Inch Dilate ami Farm jointly, and keeping not more than two 1 lories, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bond fide for the pnrpol’e of Inch o Tupation, shall be charged, for each of such two Dories, Marcs, Geldings, or Mule.-, the fUm of -

Anv Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall he lei’s than /. 10 Sterling a year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Dilate on any oilier tenure than as a Tenant at. Rack Rent, or such other Dilate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the value Pf which, in the whole, shall he Ids than (quivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of/. 10 Sterling a \car, reckoning the value of every Dilate occupied by l!»e.. Owner thereof, or on any tenure oiber than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent,

and

£. t. d.

© o 6

Schedule (F.) N° continued.

and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Proiit determined by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than two‘ih rles, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, boudhdt lur the purpdes 01 lech occupation, and ol Inch li.iuuui Lm-plovment, joiutly, or either of them iepai'ateiv . shall Oechurged, lor each of such two ilories, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the him o f -

/. 4. d.

o o 6

S C If D D U L D (D.)

K° 3.—A SC IT E D U L D of the Duties payable on 1 lories kept for the j purpose of racing or running for any Piute, Prize, or linn ot Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the ia:d jar.-jx-tes.

For every Ilorfe, Mure, or Gelding, bond /dd' kept for the purpose of racing or running for any Pray, 01 ium

Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any oj the said purpnibs, whether in the Stables oi the Lrop.ri-rior or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Pericie, tin* lum of ——

SC1I D DLL lb (Id)

v l.—A S c FI D D L 1.1: of the Dube, payable dr all I lords, V and (vidua.'-., 110I chi ym d with any Dr. tv according to ike ftchc (D.) 1, 2n° 2, Hud V 3, and aim on v11:i«■

SCHEDULE (C.)

A S C 11 D D L L D of the Duties payable on- Dogs.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spuir.vl, LmctuT, or Terrier, and for every Dog, ot whatever dvhviplion or denomination the lame may be, where any Lei ton shall keep two or more Dogs -

i-orrveiv Do;:, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting jn a, > pant'd, Lmel.er, or Terrier, kept by or for the ute or any i'erion having one inch Dog, and no more, the fuin of - ......

/. 4. I

o 10 0

0 6

SCHEDULE (II.)

A SC II E 1) U L D of the Duties payable determined by Ilorfe Dente

L r r-^rv Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and \ :i;un*ls of an Ilorfe Dealer within the Cities of London an 1 Wei) min her. and the Liberties oi the fame retpcCfively, th:’ Dandies of St. Mary ie hone and St. Pancras, in the County of MnhiLfrx, the Weekly Hills of Mortality, or tlK* Doroiiub oi Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the Annual Duty of ——

l\y every Person who shall use or exercise the trade and bu-lineis of an llorle Dealer in any other part of England, or in Wales, or the Town of IWi wb k-upon-Tweed, the Annual Duty of ——

£■ *• i-

20 0 t

C II E D L L E (! )

A SCHEDULE of the Doth ' payable l>v Persons in rtiped oi Hair Powder uied or worn determined by them.

By every Person who shall have used or worn any Hair Powder within a period to he limited, the Annual Sum of

S C II E D U L E (K.)

A SC II ED L EE of the Duties payable determined by Persons in jWpecl of ?JJ Armorial Bearing or I'ink; 11 ukd or worn by them, determined by whatever flaint the same shall be called; vA.

By every such Person chargenl.de with any Duty for any Coach or other Carnage, the Annual Sum of - -

By every such I'erion not chur.-cuhlr lor any such Conch or other Carnage, but who shall he chui geablr to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the Annual Sum of -

By every inch Person not charge.Tie for any Inch Coach or other Carriage, not being ehaigeable to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the Sum of - -

/. , I

2 2®

1 1

0' 10 6

Veneris, 2q° die Jitnii, 1803.

R ESC LUT I O N S reported from the Committee of the whole Hmife, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commit!*oners for the Affairs of Taxes.

R E S O L V E D, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, That for every Male Person employed by any Merchant or Trader as a Traveller or Rider, where one such shall be ctrpl wed by l'uch Merchant nr Trader, and no more, there shall be charged the Snm of Two Pounds and Two Shillings where more than nne. shall !»<* in employed, there he charged the Sum of r\ liree Pounds and Three Shidiiigs for p;..ch lhch -Male Person.

Resolv*.!, That it is t!ie Opi’frwi of this Committee, ’I hat for every Male Person employed by any lYiioh in 'Dade, or exercising any Profc^on wh.iL ever, as a Clerk nr Book-keeper, nr (>hire-k« eper (exc pt Apprentices where no Premium, or a Piembim leis in value than 1 lie Sum of Tweniv lies been p.ud or coUc.iH-.-d for with such Apnreiuice; where one such lha.il he to employed, end no more, there be charged the Sum of One Pound an One Smiling; and vs heir, more than one shall be lo employed, there be charged the Sum of Two Pounds and r I wo Smhim,s lor each inch PerMk* emclnvcd.

Rel» dyed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Male Person employed by any Pei ion in Trade as a Shopman, WarehouJrntfD. Vf poller (except Aura, ntices a to re laid) for the purpose of exposing to Sale or leding Goods, Wares, or Merrhaudme, in inch Shop or AVarehcMy

whetiu’r by V« hoh-iai-.

Rd'-dw d, '1 hat i>. i th.e ordinary mmb>ec Huulet, bmag lviting

■ or Ret; iL. or lor carrying out the fame, there be charged the Sum of Due Pound and One ■» th'* Opinion < i this Committee, '1 hat for every Male Sc-rvant employed as a Waiter (rxc-pt. in'adly f epl) in any 'ravern>, Collet-! Ionics, Inns, Alekoulcb, or other Licenltd Houka, or u; Llouit-a, there be chai g' d the Sum -of Two Pounds.

h i LIII r

I'Ct-.'.iional ^VaittT? o%or and JLatius Houses. I heels, or L^S

jurors

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1129

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmaker?, and on Carriages to be built for Sale, and the lev-ral Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, respectively payable in Scotland\ do cease and determine; and that the several Rates and Duties lollowing be assessed, levied, and collected, in lieu thereof; viz.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A S C11 E D U L E of the Duties made payable for every Dwelling House within and throughout that part of Great Britain called Scotland, according to the number of Windows or Lights in each.

Number of Windows, according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged.

Not more than fix Windows or Lights (except in such Houses which shall be worth the Rent of £. 5 determined by the year, and shall be charged to the Rate or Duly mentioned in Schedule (B.) according to the Rent thereof) -

Not more than fix Windows or Lights, if of the value before mentioned, and charged to the Rate or Duty accordingly -7 Windows or Lights

8 - - - Ditto

9 - - - Ditto

10 - - - Ditto

11 - - - Ditto

12 - - - Ditto

*3 - - " Ditto

14 - - - Ditto

if> - - - Ditto

16 - - - Ditto

17 - - - Ditto

18 - - - Ditto

19 - - - Ditto

20 - - - Ditto

-1 - - - Ditto

22 - - - Ditto

-3 * " " Ditto

24 - - - Ditto

*5 - - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

*7 - - - Ditto

28 - - - Ditto

29 - - - Ditto

So - - - Ditto

3i - - - Ditto

32 - - - Ditto

33 - - - Ditto

• 34 Ditto

35 - - - Ditto

36 - - -' Ditto

37 - - - Ditto

38 - . - Ditto

39 - - - Ditto

40 to 44 Ditto

45 — 4 9 Ditto

30 — 54 Ditto

55 ~ 59 Ditto

60 — 64 ] )itto

5 — &) Ditto

70 — 74 1 >itto

75 — 79 Ditto,

80 — 84 Ditto'

85 — Sc, Ditto

90 — 04 Ditto

95 — 99 Ditto

IOO IOQ Ditto

IIO llQ Ditto

120 1‘29 Ditto

130 — 139 Ditto

l4o — 149 Ditto

1.50 159 Ditto

l6o 169 Ditto

170 — 179 Ditto

180 and upwards Ditto -

And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the number of 180

Duties to be charged for every Dwelling House in Scotland.

£■ s. d.

0 4 0

O 6 0

O 16 6

1 8 0

I 10 0

2 8 0

3 3 0

3 18 0

4 13 0

5 8 0

6 3 0

6 18 0

7 13 0

8 8 0

9 3 0

9 18 0

10 13 0

11 8 0

12 3 0

12 18 0

l3 13 0

H 8 0

15 3 0

1 18 0

16 13 0

17 8 0

18 3 0

18 18 0

19 *3 0

20 8 ' 0

21 3 0

21 18 0

22 13 0

8 0

24 3 0

13 0

28 3 0

3o 13 0

33 3 0

35 7 0

37 7 0

39 7 0

4i 7 0

43 7 0

45 7 0

47 7 0

49 7 0

52 7 0

5b 7 0

60 7 0

64 7 0

68 7 0

72 7 0

76 7 0

80 7 0

8*2: 18 0

0 2 6

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDUL E of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited Dwelling-Houses within and throughout that part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the value thereof.

For every such inhabited House which, with the Household and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied and charged, are or shall be worth the Rent herein after mentioned, by the year, there shall be charged the yearly sums following; viz.

£. 5 and under £. 20 Rent, by the year -£. 20 and under £. 40 Rent, by the year -£,4.0 Rent, by the year, and upwards -

In the Pound.

£• dm

of 1 4

o a o

026

SCHEDULE (C.)

N° 1.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several capacities of Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horle, Groom of the Chamber, Valet cD Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Waiter, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftiilion, Stable-boy, or Helper in the Stables of the Mailer or Milirefs, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Iiuntfman, or Whipper-in.

.Appe

(No.

conlin

Number of Servants.

For 1 such Servant -

2--- ——

3 ......

4 ......

5 ......

6 ......

7 ......

8 ......

9 ......

10- ——

11, and upwards -

For every such Servant retained or employed by any Male Person never having been married, over and above the before-mentioned Duties, the further sum of -

Amount of Duty for each Servant.

£■ $. d.

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

3 10 0

4 0 0

4 4 0

4 6 0

4 12 0

5 0 0

5 10 0

6 6 0

1 10 0

SCHEDULE (C.)

, N°2.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for Male Servants retained or employed in the several capacities herein mentioned.

For every Gardener or Person not constantly employed to work in any Garden under any Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) N° 1. and for every Gardener employed in any Garden wherein the confiant labour of one Person shall not be necellkry, the sum of -

SCHEDULE (C-)

N°3.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for every Male Servant retained o; employed in the several capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Servant employed by any Merchant or Trader as a traveller or R der, the ium ot For every Male Sen ant employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever as a Clerk or Bookkeeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices where no Premium, oi a Premium Ids in value than the lum of Twenty Pounds, has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the sum of - For every Male Servant employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman or Warehouseman (except Apprentices as aforesaid) for the purpose ol expoling to lale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the sum of - For every Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take care of any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, of any other Person or Persons, kept for the purpose of racing or running lor any Plate, Prize, sum of Money, or other thing, or any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, for training /or any of the said purposes, whereby such Stable-keeper shall gain a livelihood or profit, the sum of For every Male Servant btmdjidc retained for the purposes of Ilu/bandry, or any Manufacture or Trade by which the Matter or Milirefs shall gain a livelihood or profit, and at any time employed in any domestic employment in any of the capacities in Schedule (C.) N° 1. and not chargeable to the Duties in the said Schedule, the sum of - For every Male Servant bond fide retained for the purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufactures or Trade by which the Mailer or Mistress shall gain a livelihood or profit, and at any fime employed in the capacity ot a Groom, Stable-boy, or Helper in the Stables, where the Matter or Mi fuels shall be chargeable for one Horse, and no more, to the Duty on Horles kept for the purposes of riding, or drawing a Taxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty, the sum of - r - - - - , -

£' *• d-

lie

llo

1 1

11#

05*

050

Dicjiti;

Vol. 58

•ndix,

•59-)

Junii,

inued.

1130

Appendix.

A. 1803,

Duties «*, ,h, Management of he C-« *> *» *«*" of

SCHEDULE (C.)

N* 4.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Servants let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Poftiliion, or Helper, kept for the purpose of being let to hire, for any period ot time less than one year, and in such manner that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to hire, shall not be payable, on every such letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Pott Holies by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the sum of

SCHEDULE (D.)

N° 1.—A SCH EDULE of the Duties payable on all Carriages of any of the descriptions mentioned herein.

Number of Carriages.

For Carriages, commonly called Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calafties, Chaise Marines, Chaifcs, Sociables, or Caravans with four wheels, and all Carriages with four wheels used for the like purposes:

For 1 l’uch Carriage

2 - - ...... -

3 ......

4 ......

5 " ......

6 ......

7 ......

8 - - ......

9 and upwards -

And for every additional body successively used on the fame Carriage or number of wheels, the further sum of

Amount of Duty for each Carriage.

10 o o

11 00

12 o

12 IO

13 O

13 IO

14 o

14 10

15 o

& o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

SCHEDULE (D.) N° 2.

Number of Carriages.

Amount of | ])u tv for each (Jar ridge.

For Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises, Curricles, Chairs, or Cars, with less than form wheels, and ail Carriages, with less than four wheels, used for the like purposes (except Taxed Carts)

For every such Carriage drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more -

And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horse3, Mares, or Geldings - -

And for every additional body successively used on the fame Carriage or number of wheels, the further sum of -

L s. d.

5 5 0 770 2100

SCHEDULE (D.)

3.

For such Carriages hired for any period of time less than one Year, or kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Pulsengers.

For every such Carriage kept for the purpose of being let to hire, with Ilorfcs to be used therewith, for any period of time not exceeding 28 days, so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to hire, shall be duly paid and fat is tied on every such letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses by the Commit oners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and whereon the name or names, and place of abode, of the Person or Persons so licensed, Jha.ll be marked or painted, according to the directions of the Act in that case made and provided, if such Carriage shall have lour wheels, the sum of -

And if such Carriage shall have less than four wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) N° 2, according to the number of Horses used therewith, as therein mentioned.

For every Carriage kept for the purpose of being let to hire for ar.y period of time less than one year, and-in such manner that the said Stamp Office Duty shall not, by Law, be payable- on such letting by any Person so licensed as aforesaid, or by any Coachmaker, or Makers of such Carriages, or other Person, if such Carriage shall have four wheels, Uie sum of ——

£. #. d.

a * t>

10 o o

Schedule (D.) N° 3—eontizued.

And if such Carriage shall have less than four wheels, the respectiveSums mentionedin Schedule (D.)N°2. According to the number of Horses to be used therewith, to be paid by the- Person or Persons keeping the fame for the purpose aforesaid.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise, with four wheels, or more, or other Carriage with four wheels or more, by whatsoever name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a public Stage Coach or Carriage for the purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to tind from different places, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the sum of -

£ •-

b i 4

SCHEDULE (D.)

N°4.

For Taxed Carts.

For every Carriage with less than four wheels, to be drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, winch shall be built and coifftrucled wholly of wood and iron, without any covering other than a tilted covering, and without any lining or springs, whether the lame be made of iron, wood, leather or other materials, and with a fixed feat, without flings or braces, and without any ornament whatever, other than paint, of a dark colour, for the preservation of the wood or iron only, and which shall have the words " A Taxed Cart," and the Owner's Clmftian and Surname, and place of abode, marked or painted on a black ground, in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the back paunel, or back part of such Carriage, in words at full length, each of the letters thereof being at least one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion, and the price of which, repairs excepted, shall not have exceeded, or the value thereof shall not at any time exceed, the turn of f. 12 fieri ing, which shall be kept by any person or persons for his, her, or their own uie, and not for hire, the annual sum of -

Duty.

£ •-

1 4

SCHEDULE (D.)

N° 5.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Conchmakers and other Makers of Carriages chargeable with Duty, and ou Carnages mad* or sold as herein mentioned.

By every Person who shall carry or, the Trade of a Coach-maker, or Maker of any Carriages, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual Duty of -By every inch Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every inch Carriage with four wheels, which he or she shall make, build, or construd for lale, the ltmi of -And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he or die shall make, build, or conliruct for sale, the sum of

£ «■ 050

100

010 0

SCHEDULE (D.)

N° 6.—A SCHED U LE of the Duties payable by Persons felling an? Carriages chargeable with Duty, by Auction, or on Commission.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty determined by way of Auction, or on Commission, or in expectation of Profit r*r Kewaul, in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual Duty of By every such Person for every such Carriage with four wheels, which he or she shall fell determined by Ai-aion, or on Commission, for or in expectation of'Profit or Reward, as aforesaid, the sum of -

And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he or die flmll fell determined by Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the sum of -

£■ *• L

0 5

1 0 V

0 10 0

SCHEDULE (E.)

N* l.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all Horses, and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the pi Riding, or for the purpose of drawing any Carriage charge Duty by Schedule (D.)

•pea!

For 1 such Horse, Mare, or Gelding * -

Aii^unt ct

for ac

* Murs.

~lT‘-

2 0 0

0 0

* 3 H

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1131

Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, payable irr Scotland—continued.

-----4— ——

Schedule (F.) N°l —continued.

Number thereof.

For 4 such Horses, Mares, or Geldings

5 ......

6 ......

7 -

8 ......

9 ......

10 -

11 -

12 -

13 -

H ......

1-5 ......

16 -

17 ......

18 ......

19 ......

20, and upwards -

Amount of Duty for each Horlr, Mare, or Gelling.

£ s. d.

3 15 0

3 16 0

4 0 0

4 1 0

4 1 0

4 1- 6

4 2 0

4 2 0

4 2 0

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 0 6

4 3 0

4 3 6

4 4 0

4 5 0

SCHEDULE (E.)

N* 2.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Horses let to Hire.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any inch Carriage as aforesaid, for any period of time lets than one year, in any manner so that the Stamp Office Duty. payable by Law an Horses let to Hire, shall not be payable, the sum of -

SCHEDULE (E.)

N® 3.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Horses kept for the purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said purposes.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bond fide kept for the purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sinn of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the sum of

£. 3. d.

o o

SCHEDULE (F.)

N° 1.—A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Gelding?, not charged with any Duty according to the Schedules (E,) N° 1. N° -2. and N° 3. and also on Mules.

£■ '■ d.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not chargeable with any Duty according to the Schedules (E.) N° 1. N° 2. and N° 3, as aforesaid, and for every Mule, except in the cases after mentioned, wherein other Duties are made payable -

Ol 2 6

2.-

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Husbandry Horses in the cases herein after mentioned.

3

r

t '

y

Any person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than £.20 a year, and making a livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Eiiate on any other tenure than as a Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the value of which, in the whole, shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £. 20 a year (reckoning the value of every Effate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and

Schedule (F.) N° 2—continued.

making a livelihood solely by such his own Effate, or by such Effate and Farm jointly, and keeping not more than two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bond jide for the purpose of lurh occupation, shall be charged, for each of such two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the sum of -Any person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be leis than £. 10 lteriing a year, and making a livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other tenure tlnui as a Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Effate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the value of which, in the whole, shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £. 10 sterling a year, reckoning the value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, and making a livelihood principally thereby, and l’k< wife a prolit by any Trade or Empl Vment, and keeping not no’e than two Ilorffs, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bond ftdt for the purposes of Inch occupation, and of such Trade or Employment, jointly, or either of them frparalely, shall be clanged, breach of such two Ilorfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the sum of ——

£■ s. d.

006

o 06

SCHEDULE (G.) A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on D ogs.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, and for every Doe, of whatever (Efenpimn or denomination the lame may be, where any Person shall keep two or more Dogs - For every Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by or for the ul’e of any Person having one such Dog, and no more, the sum of - - £. *. x 0 IO O 0 6 0

SCHEDULE (H.) A SCHEDULE of the Dtities payable by Horse Dealers,

By every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual Duty of - C »• d. IO O O

SCHEDULE (I.) A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of Hair Powder used or worn by them.

By every Person who shall have used or worn any Hair Powder within a period to be limited, the annual sum of - £■ *• d. 110,

SCHEDULE (K.) A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of any Armorial Bearing or Enlign used or worn by them, by whatever name the same shall be called \ viz.

By every such Person chargeable with any Duty for any Coach or other Carriage, the annual sum of - By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall be chargeable to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Window's, or Lights, the annual sum of - By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, not being chargeable to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the sum of----- £. s. d. 2 © 1 1 0 0 10 6

r

:ocUay CiQO^I

1132

Appendix.

A. 1803.

jendix, o. Co.) junii.

NAMES. Abode. N A M E S. Abode.

John Bockett k Son London. Thomas Sayer - Bromley

Thomas Rose Swain - D°. John 1 lodglon - - Batteries.

Richard Howell k Co. - - D°. Joseph lieuweil k Co. - - L>\

Charles Wyatt - V°. William Loader - - D\

Lew is Rene Joachim - D\ Thomas Smith - Brentford.

Ruftell and Josh Skinner - D°. William Booth - - Stanllead.

William Gough - D\ Samuel Law tree - Cole heller.

Samuel Davy Liptrap - - D* George Bishop - - Ma id ft one.

John Calvert Clarke 6c Co. - D9. Richard Welcott - Bristol.

James Hatch k Co. Bromley. Michael Cable - - - \y.

Philip Metcalf - f - D° John Williams - Worcester.

ACCOUNTS respecting the DISTILLERIES in Great Britain and Ireland.

ENGLAND.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Number of Distilleries in England, and Places where each Distillery is situated.

Air ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills in every Distillery in England, and the Content of each Still in Gallons.

Content of each

NAMES. Abode. Still.

No. Gallons.

1 453;

John Bockctt k Son London - - 2 3 2.7 87.4 I

4 2,.^8

1 107

Thomas Rose Swain - D° - - 2 M4

3 7*5

1 1,4.01

Richard Howell k Co. - - D* - - 2 4°0

3 128

4 1,083

1 114

Charles Wyatt - - D9 - - 2

3 C07

1 203

Lewis Rene Joachim - D° - . 2 7.

3 81

4 €7

1 1,^60

RufTell and Josb Skinner - D* - - 2 S 1

3 4*5

4 99

Williafn Gough - D9 - - 1 75

2 553

Samuel Davy Liptrap - - D° - - 1 2 6,140 2,33*

In° Calvert Clarke k Co. - D° 1 2,582

2 *3>*-3

JaraeS Hatch k Co. Bromley - - 1 2 17,513 4>953

Philip Metcalf - - D° - - 1 2 8,726 2,436

Content of each

NAME S. Abode. Still.

No. Gallons.

Thomas Snyer - Bromley - - 1 2 16,434. 4.103

John llodgfon - - - Battei sea- 1 2 6,531 2,677

1 6,899

Josh Ben well k Co. - - - Da - - 2 3 7,001 3,417

4 74i

\ 1 <5,477

William Loader - - D° - m 2 6,196

3 4)5*4

' 4 3)007

Thomas Smith - Brentford 1 11,025

2 3>3*1

William Booth - - - Stanstead - - 1 2 8,168 2,108

1 3*7

Samuel IJawtree - Colchester - 2 81

3 2/3

1 5,074

George Bishop - - - Mairiftone - 2 3 *.39o 1,802

4 1.15*1

1 10,126

Richard Prefcotl - - Bristol 2 5.2i3

3 2,312

1 7.964

Michael Castle * - - - D® - - 2 3-576

3 1,622

John Williams - Worcester 1 3.3?*

' 2 1 >°59

Air ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Spirits which have paid Duty in the year ending 5th January 1803,

in each Distillery in England, with the Amount of the Duty.

NAMES. Gallons of Spirits which have paid Duty in the year ending 51I1 Jan. 1803. AMOUNT of DUTY.

In° Bockett k Son 12.537 £■ *• * 3,858 8 61

Tho* Rose Swain 3>004 924 11 14

Rich1* Howell 6c Co. - 1,790 550 17 6

Charles Wyatt - 2,823 868 15 3j

Lewis Rene Joachim - 344 IO6 7 \

Ruftell & Josh Skinner 3.661 1,128 15 59

William Gough - 2,398 738 3 11

Sam1 Davy Liptrap - 233,'46 56,241 n 7

In° Calvert Clarke k Co. - 263.429 6.3,546 9 —

James Hatch & Co. - 569,649 137,415 8

Philip Metcalf - 4°3.‘i37 97-272 4 5

Carried forward - - 1,496,018 362,65 l 5 5}

t NAMES. Gallons of Spirits which have paid Duty in the year ending 5th Jan. 1 803. A MOUNT of duty.

Thomas Sayer - 309.703 f. s. d. 90,419 13 6

John Hodgion - 32',734 77.611 9 3

Jos1 Benwell k Co. 336,765 81,237 9 6

William Loader - 382,370 92,238 11 6

Thomas ^mish - 353.340 8 !,44i 13 4

William Booth - 271,468 65,485 14 1

Samuel Raw tree 1 p.657 4.742 \

George Bishop - 6*513 11,424 6 2.

Richard Prelcott *'«'■-*,554 48,861 14 6

Michael Castle - 55,6:1 6 6

John Williams - 80,007 19,299 ‘9 2

iff cqlumn - 1,406,018 302,651 5 5j

Total - 4,162,654 1,002,025 4

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1133

An A C C O I N 1 of the Number of P.r, CTTrying Distilleries in England, ;inrl Places where every such

Rectifying Distillery is situated.

N A M E S. Abode. N A M E SJ Abode. N A M E S. A bode.

Charles Wyatt - - London. Sarah Lufh Co. . London. John Drake - Rotherham.

RuneLl Skmner - - D°. Thos Adcock Grindall - D°. P!mip Riches Wool bndge.

In l.roeLeit cV Son - - - D°. David Lowe K: Co. _ - 1)°. John LoiigkurlL Earn ham.

i no- Rea* Swam - - D°. Y\ LL*1 Nanion 6: Co. T 0 " i ) . Ila^h Duckworth 6c Co. - Manchdter.

R uh1 1 i‘>\\ ell *\ Co. - - - I)0. Renjaiuiii lunllaU - _ - D". E«iward Jones c\ Co. - 1)J.

j ho‘ h <-.!,( u Cv Co. - - ])°. John Ste\enlon _ - I>°. William Willett - IE’.

Jii ’ \\ am & Co. - - - 1)°. V\ iii:a Plimicr cV Co. _ - D°. Lrancis Go!!Lug Norwich.

J-'lm I.ipdap - - - - L>°. Geo0 Richards, £0 (’0. _ - I >°. William Day kin Seven Oaks.

( Mia' \\ ailliam 6c Co. - - - ]y\ Hodges & Co. _ - I)0. James fihaj'ple - D‘.

Mark Currie - - I)°. Eeatlierltones lv Co. _ - r>°. Ard Walker - L mU.

rj Lomas lmd - - 1)°. Orme iN Sun - _ - j>°. Eii^ahcth Barker - D°.

Rich* Dei:lain - - - ID. Hern & Jacklbn _ - i>°. Plalenn.n Lund - D°.

rl bo" Greatorex 6c Co. - - 1)°. PjLO'Oll & Co. _ - 1 >°. Luge and La'v-.mea.ds Plymouth.

John Jones - - Du. Arpc\s and Co. - I)-. Jo]m Bieiichiev lV Co. Giavcfcnd.

James W ill is - - D°. Meiii's. GniUkells _ - IV*. Margery Meredith - Warrington.

\\ i.Lam Se ,i\ 6c Co. - - - 1>°. 1 lnmias Coward _ - ir. Thomas Coupiand cA Co. - Leeds.

James Cioij ell - - - D°. Samuel Lawrence - _ Oxford. Joiiali Stevens Kma ion.

Edwl1 l.ewarLink - - D°. Joicph Walker _ - IJ°. James Lorth - - ir.

James Cooper - - ir. Richard ( heefman - _ Dorking. George Adams Li tcli held.

1 hoi has Knowles - - D°. Samuel Bawtree - Colcheuer. Ed\vd Bovingdim Wind for.

Jvilm Reid - - D°. Philip Le Louvre 6c Co. _ Soidhampton. Jofejih Ro\le - Canterbury.

3 ho4 Davis 6c Co. - - D°. John Hunt N Co. - _ " b°- Sjueer and Co. Portl mouth.

George Scoicy - - *y ir. George Garlide _ Stuck port. John Taylor - - D°.

Rebecca W light - -* D°. Daniel Cock - Cxbriitge. Edward Dakin Warrir.gtcn.

V ilh.am 1 loh iu* N Co. - - D‘. John Chat held & Co. _ (Lovdun. MeliVs. Lorth tV Co. Kingdom

Jos Roiiiiedg« Co. - - ir. rl homas Sc(»tt _ Wailall. Robert C’astle Bnliol.

Laurence Sim ley lV Co. - - j>°. Edward Tongue _ Aliirid/e. Thomas Wigan - D°.

John Donkin - - D°. Richard Midi ms _ Woolwich. William Wanklin - - I)°.

In° IhimiOottom 6c Co. - - D°. William Low is _ - \r. Henry Crawley - D.

rI nomas G>-och - - - IP. William Goodheave Dent l ord. John lamitlcr - D°.

A lev Ci onion Kc Co. - - - 1)°. John Evans - I Icnlord. Timothy Callin - L)’.

.Vaiias Butler - - 1)°. John 1 lut.Tiinfon _ Retford. JolLph Dyer iS: Co. - ID.

Mai icL: root - - 1)°. John Haugbton _ Liverpool. JnlL.ua Powell - D°.

R icli1 1 L oper - - 1)°. John Jaipur - _ (drem-elter. Wiiliain Mexham - - DA

Joseph Jack ion - - - D\ Robert llairland . - D°. 1 •A c - ir.

TLuiikl \\ atlon - I>°. John Shackell - Watford. Mary I-'ry - - D°.

]\l.;rnuc Langd ale - - D°. Thomas Cracknel! - _ Bren l ford. Samuel Lklwards - ir.

John Stracry tV Co. - - - I>°. Francis Williams - - Worcelicr. Samuel Townsend - Chcliea.

Francis 1 unliall - - ID. William Wilkinlbn - - Bolton. John Wilmhuilt Reading.

Philip Booth - - - I)’. Vernon & Co. _ Tewkelhurv. Troy & Co. - Chatham.

Jplm Bo-.S man -'1 Lomas Davies - - - D°. Da Henry Wood - - C \\'oolver-\ hampton. David Deady - j Tottenham-l Cc Road.

Joicph deny - - l)\ Thomas Chapman -Thomas Holland - Putney. William Willon Sheffield.

George Sin ill) & Co. - - - D°. - C hi 1 wick. David Shirley Beare Kenl’mgton.

EdwJ Clinician Co. - D\ John Copeland 6c Co. - Rotherham. j Charles Otlien Salisbury.

‘An ACCOUNT of the Number of Stills for Rectifying Content of each Still

in every Rectifying Distillery in England, with the in Gallons.

N A M E S.

Charles Wyatt IlafiHi & Skinner -John Rockett & Co. Tho* Rose Swain -Rich4 Howell \ Co.

Tho* Fnf.ett 6c Co. -John Woodkain & Co.

John Lip trap

Clia* Wulfharn & Co.

VOL. 5S.

Content of each. Still.

No. | Gallons.

r a c5 ’4

S "0 n c

<l> LJ

C*1 a A A v r* 0 > OS eJ -.‘2* ~3 g

I 93

‘2 240

3 740

4 1,8-20

5 37°

1 102

‘2 7-9

3 L3;:4

4 3°9

5 ‘237

1 93

0 2,170

3 *74

4

5 1,464

1 118

2 . 267

3 739

4 1,117

N A M E S.

Mai k Currie -

Thomas Bird -

Richard Domain

Thomas Greatorex & Co. John Jones -

James Willis -

William Scott & Co. James Chapel!

Edw,! Bowerbank -James Cooper John Knowles

John Reid -

Content of each Still.

No. Gallons.

1 75

2 232

3 1,43,1

4 L5n3

5 595

1 43

2 2*3

3 1,227

1 7*8

2 3»<S

3 46

1 44

2 235

1 187

2 8 39

1 lop

0 394

3 M3'5

1 216

2 5°9

1 444

2 127

1 332

2 58

1 635

2 182

1 117

2 432

1 247

2 879

3 1,641

*3 K

N A M E S.

Thomas Davis & Co.

George Sc holey

Rebecca Wright

William Holme and Co. -

Josh Routlcdgc & Co.

E:uvrce Shirley & Co.

John Dunkin

In° Ramsbottom 6c Co. -

Thomas Gooch

Content of each Still.

No. Gallons.

1 84

2

3 897

4 841

1 '277

2 7H

3 R555

4 892

1 643

2 ‘235

1 164

2 284

3 1,241

4 1,001

1 397

2 106

1 197

2 931

3 *3

4 311

1 D443

2 993

3 320

4 89

1 1>L55

2 433

3 123

1 441

2 101

Append i:

(No. 60.

14*

continued,

1134

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Account of the Number of Stills for Re&ifying in the Rectifying Distilleries in England—continued.

NAME S.

Alexr Gordon Sc Co.

James Butler Malachi Foot

Richard Hooper Joseph Jackson Thomas Watson

Mai* I.angdale & Co.

John Stracey Sc Co.

Francis Tunltall

Philip Booth -

John Bowman

Thomas Davies Sc Co.

Joseph Terry George Smith & Co.

Edwd Chrifnan 6c Co.

Sarah Lufh and Son Tho* Adcock Grindal David Lowe and Co.

Wm Nanfon Sc Co. -Benjamin Tunft all -John Stv/enfon "U illiam riurner Sc Co. -

Content of each

Still. NAME S.

No. Gallons.

l 9H

2 3 1,869 3,260 Hodges and Co.

4 1,800

5 210

6 54 Fealherftone Sc Co.

l 109

2 583

1 >.776

2 7»3 MelTrs. Ornie Si Son

* 3 1,195

4 461

5

l 162

2 3 464 Geoe Richards, Sc Co.

l 502

- 2 274

3 6

l 84 Home Sc Jackson -

- 2 210

3 545

l 2,605

2 3 1,012 292 Pigeon and Dixon -

4 54i

5 1,176

6 >>813 Arpeys and Bum -

l 2,180

2 894

3 232 Mefirs. Gaitfkells -

4 111

l 217

2 765 222 Thomas Coward

1

2 448

• 3 1,089 Samuel Lawrence -

4 5 1,700 V>39 Joseph Walker

l 1,422 Pochard Cheeseman

" 2 339

3 93 Samuel Bawtree

l 200

_ o 53'2

3 55 PliilP Le Feuvre 6c Co.

4 9-8

l 80 John Hunt and Co.

2 59°

3 *99

l 119 George Garfide

2 431 430 Daniel Cock

1

2 326

" 3 77° In° Cliatfield Sc Co.

4 99 \

5 27 Thomas Scott

l 1,040

2 104 Edward Tongue

3 VC53

4 4^3 Richard Mullins

l 5^9

2 97 William Powis

1 749 ,

_ 2 9^3

3 79 William Goodheve -

4 c. Ot

l >5» John Evans -

- 2 845

3 ».578 John Ilutchinfon -

l >3*

- 2 7f>5

3 . 357 John Hau^hton

l 62

_ 2 556 John Jafpcr -

3 4 M37 22 Robert IIairland

l 215 John Shack well

— 2 D5i7

3 870 Tho* Cracknell

Content of each Still.

No. Gallons

1 435

2 V>51

3 «43

4 1,-27

1 L3°7

- 2 5 >5

3 138

1 247

2 463

3 717

4 D53o

5 38

6 238

1 1.365

2 1 »°35

3 1,070

4 260

1 348

2 1,2- ;>

- 3 L579

4 4-7

5 57

1 5° 3

0 4H

- 3 84O

4 1/145

5 208

1 986

2 I24

1 45

_ 2 J47

3 516

4 982

1 44-

- 2 1,620

3 327

- 1 *53

- 1 166

1 77

2 178

1 2 66

2 81

1 185

- 2 128

3 -5

1 IQ-2

2 46

1 210

2 00

1 310

2 Si

1 491

2 236

1 280

2 80

1 448

2 128

1 183

2 78

1 146

2 5<J4

1 241

- 2 3r>3

3 617

1 180

2 68

1 141

2 1 *3

1 h3'

2 93«

3 215

4 137

- 1 •280

• 1 150

- 1 J57

1 53

- 2 211

3 226

NAMES.

Francis Williams -

William Wilkinson -

Vernon & Co.

Henry Wood -Thomas Chapman -

Thomas Holland -

John Copeland 6c Co.

John Drake -

Philip Riches

' John Lonahurst 1 I

| IIuh Duckworth 6c Co.

Edward Junes & Co.

William Willett -

Francis G oft ling

William Daykin

James Chappie

Ard Walker -Elizh Barker Sc Co. Philemon Land

Page 6c Langmeads

John Brenchlcy Sc Co. Margery Meredith -

Thu’ Couplnnd Sc Co.

Jof.ah Stevens James Forth -George Adams Edwd Bovingdon

Joseph Royle

Spicer Sc Co.

John Toy lor -

Edward Dakin «• MelTrs. Forth 6c Co.

Robert Cattle

Thomas Wigan William Wank!in -

Henry Crawley

Content of each Still.

No. Gallons.

1 467

2 301;

3 230

4 M34

1 >47

2 3+

1 844

0 842

3 39

1 l80

1 700

2 l8l

1

2 95

1 451

2

1 108

2 1S9

3 111

1 14t>

1 140

n 79

1 7k7

0 I4O

1 1,205

0 4-4

3 69

1 290

2 U3

1 Q40

2 72

1 130

2 30

1 151

2 37

1 160

2 558

1 H5

1 400

2 iu8

1 112

2 336

3 674

1 867

2 388

1 1S7

1 1,058

2 3^3

3 (ii

1 247

1 291

7°

1 ldo

1 227

0 76

1 224

2 4«

1 558

2 1*24

1 4° 5

2 98

3 10

1 190

2 790

1 10J

1 408

2

3 Si

4 1,1C5

5 2,44

1 607

2 130

1 10.8

‘2 501

1

*5*

wn e

4S Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1135

Account of the Number of Stills for R edifying in the Rectifying Distilleries in England —continued.

Content 01 each Content of each Content of each

NAMES. Still. NAMES. Still. NAME S. Still.

No. Gahons. No. Gulin ns. No. Gallons.

John Baniiter 1 180 1 0 0 2 1 1,269

1 2 143 570 Thomas Cale 2 2,332 Da\id Deudy 2 7

Timothy CaiTin 3 4 L324 134 3 1 l8:> 24*5

Joseph Dyer & Co. 1 2 07 53d Mary Fry - Left off. William Wilson - 2 5d

3 25

1 02 Samuel Edwards - 1 2 212 1,012 Samuel Town fend - 1 2 3*7 96

Judina Powell 2 Vs*

0 O 816 John Wilmhuift 1 141 David Shircley Beare 1 204 (io

2 254 2

William Mexbam - 1 2 371 43 Troy & Co. - 1 2 617 277 Charles Othen 1 191

Appeal 11 1 (N >. 6

14* Jti

cunt i mi

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of Gross Spirits which have been permitted to every Rectifying Distillery in England, in the year ending 5th January 1803; with the Number of Gallons of Rectified Spirits Permitted out of each Red Hying Dilhilery the lame n car.

N A M E S. Raw Spirits Rcc.ivcJ in the Year ending 5th January 1SC3. Kc&ified Spirits tent out in the Yr.ir ending ^th January I003

G aliens. Gallons.

Charles Wyatt - - 115 2,1 12

Ruiiell 6c Co. - - - 13-331 23-493

John Burkett & Co. - - 28,782 50,146

ri hninaa Role Swain - - 5V,1(>2 86,664

Richard Howell \ Co. - - 186,677 264,499

Thomas Faiiett & Co. - - 179,408 252,675

John Woodham & Co. - - 73,880 108,-272

John Liptrap - - - 100,445 264,360

Charles Wallhum and Co. - - 40,230 54,854

Mark Cume - - - 82,827 122,102

Thomas Ihrd - - - 47'3C5 7°*73o

Richard 1>1 main - - 18,420 24,7.14

Thomas G re a tu rex Sc Co. - - 1 C747 17,101

John Jones - - - 10,921 14*154

Jallies Wallis - - - 4,004 5*n75

U uham Scott and Co. - - 25/)75 39*357

James Chapeil - - svpr.8 50,894

Edward Eowerbank - - 10,4«i6 14 >6 5°

Julius Cooper - - 5/^24 4,858

J(*hn Knowies - - 35o 13 49.797

John Reid - - - 130,074 100,859

Thomas Dav es Sc Co. - - 107,866 15 8.5":

GeorLC Srholey - - 3’°10 3.201

R.-hecca Wright - - Lelt off. 1

Wi.inMi H(;lme N Co. - - #7»5°4 1 10,007

Joi.-ph Routledge N: Co. - - - 24/*57 36-989

Lawrence Shirley Si Co. - - - 2.vV'4 32,2-73

John Dunkm - - 36,380 40,770

Jolm RarriihoUom & Co, - - 31-736 28,607

Thomas Gooch - - 5.401 6,159

Alexander Gcroon and Co. - - 397.734 57^063

Jame* Butier - - - <25.017 25/154

M. lachi root - - - 70.507 01,794

Riclurd i loo jilt - - 16..W 2 1,0 7 1

Joie|)h Jack linn - - 34,207 47*5f/>

Thomas Wall on - - 7,0 28 10,526

Marmaouke Langdale Sc Co. - - 165c294 "48.540

John Straccy cV Co. - - - 12 8,403 liii.i 27

Francis Tunuail - - 54*4*5 7-:,:>8i

Philip Booth - - - 3^2/idg 550-495

John Bowman - - 28,783 33-0 20

Thomas Davies Sc Co. - - 171.581 24,59*5

Joseph Terry - - 7*752 10.765

George Smi’.h and C 0. - - 71424 7-945

Edward Ch nil mi and Co. - - 16,035 18,511

Sarah Euih N >on - - - 4 6’52 3 69,463

Thomas Adcock Gnnduil - - - 3-571 5,423

David Lowe N Co. - - - 5,011 9,598

William Naali'ii N: Co. - - 82,632 120,528

Benjamin Ttmllall - - - 13*13$ 21,|KS

John Stevenlua - - 41,188 57,001

William Phuner & Co. - - 50,616 6o,329

Georg*1 fliciiiiids S: Co. - - - 82,340 )f'7,'8s

Mviirs. Iltui.cs Cv Co - - 4.35*593 622.961

Fc.uherlh>r:e and Co. - - 10,250 14,861

Onne Son - - - 118,969 >54-*57

Horn N Ju1 kfon - 45*547 64,030

l:u;oil <N: Co. - - 110,280 l(j‘2,l 14

A 1; ievs C'o. - 3°o34 44*53$

Mo Jr*. Gait-kills - - - 36.340 53-.180

Thomas Cm.'a»d - - 3--59 ’ 47*276

Samuel TovniHid - * 6,1150 9*774

Samuel Eawm.ee - - 5-2 1,995

Jnh'.'i \\ a!*er - - 122 21

t 1\ a-hard ( la eunan - - - 1,1*20 569

Sa nn l BuwLrcC - - E‘b77i 10,704

Raw Spirit! Rt-flifieu Sniriis

Rfceivid in the (cm oue in the

N A M E S. Y<■ ar eudii-g Y a. ending

;th January 1X03. ^ih January 1SC3.

Gallons. Gallons.

Brought up - - - 4,052,102 5,707-4>7

John Hunt Sc Co. - - - 621 358

Geoi gp Gariide - - - 4*954 8,456

Daniel Cock - - - - 220 ‘>85

John Clmtrield - - - 6,468 5,229

I homas Scott - - - 2,6.55 3-307

Edward 'l ongue - - 3>364 3,"*

Richard Mullins - - - 807 683

William Powis - - - 8,698 >1,335

\\ dliam Goodheve - - - - 54*373 72,793

John Evans - - 4*7^7 5,733

John Ilutchinlon - - 266 78

John Houghton - - - 3*oi4 1,705

Peter 1 iairiuiid - -* - 113 1,85s

Joim.laiper - - - 1*419 1,407

John Shacked - - - 148 66

Thomas Cracknell - - - - 3,835 4,160

Francis Williams - - - 84.15.3 110,631

\\ ill lam Wilkinson - - - - 3,303 3,220

David Shiricy Beare - - - 1,308 1*549

Vernon \ Co. - - - > .8.498 17’505

Henry Wood - - - - 5,668 3*684

Thomas Chapman - - - - 11,3 5 5 13*221

I homas Holland - - 1,656 1-510

John Copeland Sc Co. - - / _ 2,408 2,087

John Drake - - - 4i

Philip Riches - - - - ]9

John Eoiigliufft - - - - »97

Hugh Duckworth Sc Co. - - - 29*794 47*°65

Edward Jones N: Co. - - - 25*433 30,769

William Willett - - - 8,161 11*273

Francis Golding - - - 31.3 11*2

William Daykm - - - 1,506 1,333

James Chappie - - - 781 1-731-

Aid Walker - - - 16,976 26,697

Elizabeth Barker Sc Co. - - - 4-473 7,809

Philemon Land - - - 7*2 H 11*159

l uge and Langmeads 1 - - - 6,514 o,8:i(3

John BrcuchU t\ (Jo. - - - 5,000 7*143

Margery Meredith - - - - 590 24

Thomas Coupland Sc Co - - - 36,098 47*5^2

Jotiah Stevens - - - 1*973 2,522

James Forth - - - - 2,946 2,206

Charles Othen - - - 1,004 644

George Adams - - - 73i 7,699

Edward Bovingdon - - - 5*oo8 5*683

Joseph Hoyle - - - - 379 1 16

Spicer and Co. - - - 15*271 11,061

John Tuvlor - - - 2.54 147

Edward Dakin - - - 4*123 7,817

Forth & Co. - - - - 6,635 5,804

Robert C a file - - - - 196,361 20-2,548

Thomas Wigan - - 35,$9* 47'°95

William Wanklin - - - 339 109

Henry Crawley - - - - / 1,314

John Baniiter - - - - 128 631

'Timothy Cailin - - - G7H 1,283

Joseph Dyer & Co. - - - - ( 12,898 18,i>83

Joilma Powell - - - - 10,537 , 20.411

William Mexbam - - - 3,33° 3.14*5

Thomas Cale - - - - 103,026 145,55*)

Mary Fry - - - 2,050 11,106

Samuel Edwards - - - 39*7io 55,624

John Wilmhurlt - - - 2,447 6,440

Troy* & Co. * David Deadv - G nr&Qblc 356 125.400

1136

Appendix.

A. 1803.

>pcnJii, <io. 6o.)

)° Junii,

jntinvcd.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Stock of Gross and Rectified SPIRITS on Hand, in every Rectifying Distillery in England,

5th January 1802 and on 5th January 1803.

STOCK. | ST OCK.

N A M E S, r 5 Jan. 1802. 1. 5 Jan. 1803. N A M E S. r 5 Jan. 1802. ) 5 Jan. 1803.

r Raw Spirits. 1 Rectified Spirits. r Raw Spirits. i Rectified Spirits. Raw Spirits. Ridified Spirits. r Raw Spirits. Red i lied Spirits.

Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. Calais. Ga.i ns. Gallons.

Charles Wvatt 07 , Brought up - 12.670 25S.&S5 23,480 407,162

RiMiHl A: Co. x- 40 3D 57 543 i.'jyi George Garfide - - i,°;6 243 6d'l

In° Brocket t cV Co. 963 8,882 337 12,482 Daniel (/nek - - 142 3° 141

Tim* Rote Swain - ‘2 Q ‘2 6,330 9,255 John Chailield & Co. - - 1,102 r < - 1,956

Rich'* Howell & Co. 40O 3*377 1,355 6,21(5 Tho* Scott -* - 220 246 6 90

Thl)s Pallet t iV Co. 131 12,013 73‘2 1^,863 l-’.dward Ton-me - - 1,007 453 3*149

In° Woodii(tin v\ Co. 1,24-2 4*5 51 116 8,047 Richard 51 ndens - - 2oo - 1:59

John Liolr;:}) - 804 6,074 ' 1,54° 5-578 William Powis - - 2 - 5 426 1,502

Charles. Wailham Sc Co. - 6.S 8 2,034 524 6,004 M illiam Goodheve - - 462 8.109 792 7,260

Mark Currie - 814 0,804 1,152 9*5H John Evans - - - 595 484 472

Thomas I hi d - _ 2.725 - 2,927 John 1111 tellinIon - - 122 - 221

Richard Domain - <4 8 6 - 3*754 John Haiightou - 3C6 2.9° 2 948 2,466

Thos Creatorex & Co. - 408 - 952 John Jaipur - - 1 30 259 25 4 207

John Jones - - 2,034 - 3.912 Robert Hairland - - 2 f 2 809

James Willis - 345 John Shaekeil - - 57 - 210

William Scott Sc Co. - 2.509 - 1*989 I I ninas (’i\:eknell - - 185 197 321 572

James Chappell - 1,233 - 4*256 J rancD Williams - 45 4*433 423 P*i73

Edw‘ Rower hank - - 558 - 1,068 1 \\ ilham Wilkinson - - 5-3 63 1*259

James Cooper - 420 - 4,041 Vernon <N: Co. - - 5° 5 1, :' 9 2, WU4

John Knowles - 1,450 - 4*772 Henry W ood - - - 1.736 I.506 3,525

John Reid - - 4*073 - i7,4°2 j 1 homas ( hapni'in - - - 2,476 - - 4,002

Thomas Davies & Co. - 5.6+1 - 8,73° , I homas 1 ioiland - - 331 - - 924

George Seholey - 6l - 1,131 John C ofwdand Sc Co. - - 114 - 1,804

Rebecca Wright — — — — John Drake - _ - 3i - 62

Will Holme Sc Co. 123 4,0 32 3,-32 13^10 Philip Riches - - 142 - - ‘211

Joseph Roiuhdge Sc Co. - - 780 310 615 John Lonaljurlt - - «7 - - 45

Lawrence Shirley - 130 M57 162 3*7 67 Hugh Duckworth & Co. 213 2,743 6l i,5°3

John Dun kin - 2,049 - 3,540 . Euv.ard Jones Csc Co. - 4-2 E774 205 1.388

In° Kam/lxjttom Sc Co. - - 3*072 697 5,3,;8 William V, illett - - 1,070 409 735 So 9

Thomas Gooch - 1,089 Francis (lolling . 10 658 - 671

Alexr Gordon & Co. - 8,205 - 12,830 William Davkiu _ 7 460 86 481

James Rutter - - - 550 - 2,106 James Chapple - 20 324 33 33°

Malachi l oot - 8,086 826 9D44 Aid Walker - . - 9°5 6,151 6,13*

Richard Hooper - 3,020 - 2,869 Elizabeth Raker Sc Co. _ . 320 L331 555

Jol'ejih Jack ton - 1,083 355 2,704 Philemon Land - - 83 150 3>°.v9

Thomas Watson - 198 - 1,077 l uge Sc Langmeads _ - 1,920 -

Manna- Langdale Sc Co. - 25,7 ‘4 652 23,621 John Rrenchley & Co. . _ 761 939 ■2,-2 :u

John Stracey Co. 117 4,608 2,691 16,501 Margery Meredith -Thomas Coupland Sc Co . - 138 - - 0 0 Q

Francis Timftall 62 2,872 631 4,874 - 2,128 747 5,4/2

Philip Booth - 3,374 20,567 3,602 24,561 Joliah Stevens - 297 159 34J

John Bowman 2,146 154 3,889 James Forth - _ 66 352 173 ^74

rl homas Davis Sc Co. - 512 1*54° George Adams _ 90 4*0] 3 487 3,75*

1 1 1 u, a - 1,732 - 1D55 l*idwd Roviirgdon _ 279 - 2^3

George Smith & Co. - 605 - 2,255 Joseph Royle 118 - 264

Kdwd ChrdVian cV Co. - 4*742 - 7,836 Spicer cS: Co. _ 312 1,200 2*249 2.135

Sarah Lulh & Son - 1,527 1,904 John Taylor - _ 248 798 5;7

T'ho4 Adcock Griiulall - 2,649 - 2,514 Edward Dakin . 46 1 - 959

David Lowe Sc Co. - 3*3i5 . 1,986 Melirs. Forth Sc Co. _ _ i/>74 13 1D39

William Xanlon & Co. - 1,638 4,494 - 9,689 Robert Cattle - _ . 14,410 3*213 15*° 3‘2

Benjn Tunstall - 7,141 - 5*457 Tlmmas Wigan _ 5° 1,403 L5-8 2.355

John Stevenson 813 6,605 244 7,678 William Wanklin - 65 123 - 374

William Plumer Sc Co. - - 441 3,268 Henry Crawley 120 - 188

George Richards, - - 1,556 1,865 14*57° John Banilter _ 164 - 251

Melirs. Hodges ’ -Fetherltone and Co. - 24,264 12,677 Timothy Gatlin _ - 382 532

- 1,085 - 1,491 Joseph Dyer Sc Co. - 39 1,3° 7 1, S16 1,138

Onne & Son - - 0,546 ~ 33,8i6 Joii.ua Powell _ 1,174 1*44° 5*64s

Horne and Jackson - - 2,408 - 5,42 1 William Mexliam - _ 1,292 2 2 3 2,3-9

Pigeon Sc Co. - 10,625 - H,57o Tiioinas Cale _ 1,718 0.711 2.403 11,72

Arpeys iS: Co. - 326 - 1,53° Mary Fry _ 2,'02 — —

Melirs. Gaitlkells - - 1,588 _ 3,2 8 8 Samuel Edwards - 2,65 I 2.415 4,1-0

Thomas Coward Samuel Lawrence - - 1,188 - 2,364 John Wilmhurlt _ _ _ 134 25-2

- 80 - 410 Troy Sc Co. - 563 487

Joseph Walker - 26 - 91 David Deadv - 337 1,077 546 3.h8

Richard Cheesman - - 363 186 767 M illiam \\ dson _ 456 156 491

Samuel Raw tree 602 1,438 570 1,699 Samuel Townsend - _ 74° 070

Philip Le Feuvre - - 212 943 David Shirley Beare _ _ _ 191 . ut>

John Hunt Sc Co. - 377 609 406 483 Charles Othen - - 202 - - 1,519

Carried up 12,670 ■-*58,885 23480 407,02 Total - - 346,616 59.+63 537*395

Excise-Oflice, \ Mth June 1803. 3

R. Nicholas. IV. Loii'i’.dcs. A. Phipps.

G. Seymour. J. Ohniu

Harry CMatch, Surv* Gen’ Examiner,

43 Geo. Ill

1137

Appendix.

Ah ACCO LJNTof the Quantity of Home-made Spirits, Permitted from the Gross Dist illers of England; from the 13th June to

the 5ih July 1803.

Names.

Samuel Davey Lip trap -John Calvert Clarke William late James Hatch and Co. Philip Metcalf Thomas Saver John Hodgion Joseph Ben well and Co. -William Leader and Co. -Thomas Smith and Co. -William Booth Samuel Bawtree George Bishop Richard I'relcoct -^Michael Caiile

JohiOVilliams

Excise-Office, 7 L3th July 1803. j

Harry Qylbatch.

Abode. Home-made Spirits.

London - Gallons. ‘27'9l3

D° - - - - * *7/>98

1)° - - - 27>955

Bromley - - - - 56,02(1

D° - - - 33,076

D° - - 4°,495

Batlerfea - - - 37,854

I)° ' - - - - 42,534

D° - - - 35,3*5

Brentford - - 344)87

StunHead - - - - 20,444

Colclieitcr - - - 3,314

Maidstone - ♦- - 3.H7

Bntiol - - - 9,960

D° - - - 19,069

Wore ell er- - - - *8,895

Total - - - 418,682

R. Spiller.

IV. Lozvtides* si. Phipps. IV. Jackson.

Arpendi

(No. 60,

13

continued

Ah ACCO UNT of the Quantity of Spirits Imported into England, from Ireland, from the 13th of June to the 5th of July 1803; distinguishing the different Ports at which i’uch Importations took place, and also the Days on which the Entries were made.

2 7*

Date of Entry. Bristol. Liverpool. London.

Irish Spirits. Irish Spirits. Irish Spirits.

1 Gallons. Gallons. Gallons.

1803: - June 13th. - - 14,000

i6th. - 4,000 7,000

20th. - 383 Rum. —

21 ft. - , 8,707 —

2 2d. 2,500 1.657 2,400

23d. 2,000 — —

27th. - 2,676 —

28th. 695 - 3°oooo

30th. - 46 36,150

July lit. - - 7,000

2d. - 26,^83 11-430

4J h. 195 31,900 —

Total - - 6,390 67,545: And 8,707 llum. 108,580

William Irving,

Inspector Gen1 of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Inspector Gcnl’s Office, Custom-H0, London, 7 27 th July 1803. 3

SCOTLAND.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of STILLS Licensed in Scotland; distinguishing those for the supply of the Highlands, and Junt

those for the Manufacture of Spirits in the Districts called The Lowlands, with the Rate of Licence attaching to each; from the 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

In the Highland District, at £.6. 10. per gallon, per annum In the Lowland - - D° at £. 108. per - D° -

The greatest Number of Stills from 5th January 1 8 02 to 5th January 1803.

63

‘28

John Edgar, Accomp*. James Brace, Accomp1 Gen1. John Stuart, D.Compt.

K, B.—The Numbers, as well as Contents of Stills, are frequently varied within the above period.

13

Vol. $8.

1138 Appendix. 1803.

Ippendix, 'No. to.) 14° Jani,

t.nt/r d.

Ax AC COIN T of the Stills entered in Scotland, and where situated, for the Manufacture of Spirits ibr the Englif.j Market, from

5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

Number of Stills Entered. By whom entered. Where situated. In what County.

4 Robert Stein and Co. - Kilbagie - - - Clackmannan.

Alexander Dick, On1 Examr.

Av ACCOUNT of the Quantity of W A S 11 Diddled by such Entered Diliilleries, in Scotland, for the English Market; difiinguilhina the Quantities at each fepUrate Distillery, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

Quantity in Gallons.

2,110,6r,6. | - Kilbagie Dibillery, in the County of Clackmannan.

Alexander Dicky Gen1 Examr.

Juxii.

r

n

r;

As ACCOUNT of the Quantity of S PI KITS Permitted from such Distilleries to England; distinguishing particularly those

sent from each of them; from January 5th 1802 to January 5th 1803.

Quantity in Gallons.

3fs!M3l

from Kilbagie Distillery, in the County of Clackmannam

Excise Office, Edinburgh, lit June 1803. 7h>/>. Graham.

Jai Stodart.

7-ii hart on.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Spirits Imported into England from Scotland; particularising the Strength of such Snirits determined by the Hydrometer, the different Diliilleries in Scotland whence such Spirits were Exported, and the Amount of Duty chained, and paid thereon; from 5U1 January 1802 to 5th January 1803. '

Gallons charged with Duty.

N 317,600-----between 1 to 8 and 1 to 10 over Hydrometer Proof.

2,009 - - - additional Charge for such as were abuvc 1 to 10.

319,609 ----- Total Duty £. 80,56s. 2. o J.

Alexander Dicky Gen1 Examh

All the above Spirits came from the Distillery of Robert Stein and Co. at Alloa.

R

Excise Office, London,">

2d June 1803. )

C. Rix, Aceomp* Genk

Nicholas• IV. Jackson. R. SpiHer. Cr. Seymour.

M. IVhiJIu

IRELAN D.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Number of DISTILLERIES in Ireland; specifying where each is situated.

Districts. N° of Stills. Places where situated.

Dublin 31 Dublin.

Armagh - 2 Armagh. Lurgam.

Athlone - 3 1 Athlone, 2 Longford.

Baltimore - - 1 Old Court.

Clomnell - * 15 1 at Clonmel!, 4 at Thurles, 2 at Borrifileagh, 2 at Nenagh, 2 at 'Pipperary, 1 at Killinaule, 1 at Cloghjordan, 1 at Deangrorc, and 1 at Borrilakane.

Coleraine - _ 2 Kellowen and Monegmore.

Cork _ 7 Cork.

Dundalk - _ 2 Dundalk and Carrickmacross.

Drogheda - - 4 Drogheda.

Ennis - 2 Ennis and Kilkilhen.

Giil way - 1 Cudway.

Kilkenny - - 7 2 at Freshford, 1 at Callan, and 4 at Kilkenny.

Kinlale - 1 Ballygarravey.

Larne - 1 Antrim.

Limerick - - 3 2 at Limerick, and 1 at Newport.

Lit burn - 2 Bel salt.

Louginea - - 3 2 at Eyrecount and 1 at Tuam.

Maryborough 13 2 at Rofcrea, 2 at Mountrath, 1 at Durrow% 1 at Tallamore, * at Birr, 1 at Banagher, 2 at Kilcommon, 1 at Abbey leix, and l at Edenderry.

Mallow - - 2 1 at Mitchel’sTown, and 1 at Charleville.

N aas ~ 6 1 at Saliins, 1 at Muiuiiterevan, 1 at Kilcock, 2 at Longlilinbridge, and 1 at Carlow.

Newry - 1 Newry.

Trim 4 1 at Navan, 1 at Black water Mills, 1 at Kilbeggan, aoid. 1 at Multifarnham.

Waterford - - 1 Waterford.

Wexford 1 John’s 'Town.

Wicklow - 2 1 at Bray, and 1 at Arklow.

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

An A C C O U N F of the Number oi ST I I. L S in each I)iitillcry in Ireland, and their Contents.

Number 1 Number 1 Number N umber

oi Mills; of Stills of Stills oi Sti 1-

Dili rids. in each Contents. Di Uriels. in each Contents. Dilh ids. ill each Contents. Dili rids. j in each Contents.

jDittillery. - Dnidlery. \ I Distillery. I Distilicry.

Dublin - - 51 579 635 1 Dublin - - l l 1,088 1,180 j- Cork - 2,178-7 1,102-1 Loughrea — Maryborough - 1 - 1 594 502

3< 1 i»*5 1 601 1 1,107 1 5-5

t 1 1,000 i Armagh - 1 M*5 1 1.176-4 1 5H

1 1,171 - l 514 1 1,105-6 1 1,108

1 1,0-25 i A till one - l 633 1 1,078 1 504

1 1,048 - 1 Dundalk - - - 1 1,068 1 510 '

1 L°73 1 53* 1 574 l 500

1 1 5-5 Drogheda - - - 1 506 1 5io

1 l ,000 Baltimore - - 1 699 1 560 1 5*3

sj1 1,006 Cionmell - - l 53- 1 528 1 569

I * 1,160 l 59° 1 533 l 51.8

1 5-3 I 502 Ennis - — - - 1 556 1 523

1 500 l 506 1 1,005 l 1,016

1 540 l 502 !Galway - - - - 1 556 Mallow - - - - l

1 5i3 l 5io Kilkenny — - 1 5*1 l 504

1 1*053 l 5-5 1 500 Naas - l 55i

1 1,000 1 500 1 5*3 1 582

1 af> 1 505 1 606 l 500

1,031 l 5«4 1 500 1 573-5

11 d.33 1 517 1 55o 1 5H

I 1,129 1 500 1 523 1 549

d1 1,146 1 509 Kinlale - *• - - 1 54i-5 Newry - - -Trim — — - 1 1,188 506

I• 612 l 5«4 Larne - 1 550 - 1

9 5- * 1,066 l 543 Limerick — - 1 5H-3 1 5*9

515 Coleraine - - 1 573 1 513 1 51*

1 1,065 l 547 1 6l L l 500

1 1 1,190 1,186 Cork - - - ■{; 1:513-8 '>7:5 Lisburn - - - - 1 1 1,000 5 id Waterford — Wexford - - - 1 - 1 53* 613

1 1,000 , 2!1 76-2-2 Loughrea - - - 1 535 Wicklow - - - l 502

1 5do j 1 1,203-2 1 516; I 533

G. Walter r

A ding Secretary.

An Act COUNT of the Number of Gallons of S P I R IT S which have paid Duty in Ireland, in the year ending 5th January 1803;

with the Amount of Duly.

Gallons. Duty.

4^805,196. £■ *• 730,790 + 6

June 6th 1803.

Sam. Hood,

A is1 Examr of Excise.

Av ACCOUNT of the N umber of RECTIFYING DISTILLERIES in Ireland, and where situated*

Number of

Districts. Distilleries.

Dublin - H

Cork 7

Waterford - 2

George Waller,

Acting Secretary.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of STILLS in each Redifying Distillery in Ireland, and their Contents.

Districts. N° of Stills in each Dillillery. Contents. Diilrids. N° of Stills in each Dillillery. Contents.

Dublin ----- 1 113* Cork - l 188.

1 86. 1 138.

1 1 80. a 5 537*

1 15°- 90. i 172.

1 114. 562.

80. t 277.

1 99- 1 78.

-139- 1 464.

1 1 <209. 116. 1 343-5

1 100. Waterford - 1 188.

1 110. 1 88.

X 110. -

Waller, OglC

Append (No. 6c io°

continual.

r-

1140

Appendix. A. 1803.

kppendijc,

[No. 60.)

lo3 Junti, continued.

Permit Voucher Office, Custom-house, Dublin

As ACCOUNT of the Number of Gallons of GROSS SPIRITS Permitted to each Rectifying Diliillery in Ireland, in the year ending 5th January 1803; and the Number of Gallons of Refilled Spirits Permitted out of each Readying Diiulltry in Ireland, in the course of the same year.

ReClillers Names. Their residence. Number of Gallons of Gross Spirits Received by Permit. Number of Gallons of Rectified Spirits Permitted out.

Thomas Donhoe m Dublin. 42,689 48>753-

Charles GoLan - - - 1)° 2»,739 24,476.

Laurence Molloy - - D° ‘id, 159 24,625.

William Lyons - - - D° 23,543 20,905.

Daniel Kennedy - - I)0 18,594 19,965.

Wullh and Xeary - - D° 17,042 16,784.

Michael Kelly - - - D° i.3df57 , 12,420.

Whitfield Wiicocks - - D° 11,06] 9,609.

Jol'eph Eerrall - - D° 7,505 6.S04.

Thomas Doran - - - I)0 7,220 8,194.

PutLawlor - - 1)° 6,420 6,060.

Jane Wallli - - I)° 4,844 4*317-

George Read - - ir 1,561 530.

Thomas Power - - - D° 1,336 214.

William Duncan - - Cork. 160,756 224,732-

James Rogers - - - I)° 7^383 87,348.

Trances Wile - - 46,174 58,360.

Thomas Coldwell - - 1) 40,(d)0 4^33-

James Craig - - I)° 27>712 .7«7-

Villiam Denham - - D° 12,135 *7,792-

James Daly - - 1)° *,795 7-577-

Samuel Newfon - - I)° 1,522 S3-

llernie and Bell - - Watei ford. 22,403 20,73.-,.

Micnael Power - - D° 3/>38 3,0+6.

6th June 1803. Returned by me,

__________ ________ J°'lH Edwards* Exam'.

As ACCOUNT of the Amount of Allowances made to the DilVillers in Ireland, determined by way of Ter-Cent -.oe on the Duty, or otherwise; distinguishing also, the Amount in the dillerent Distncts; from the 5tl. January 1802 to the 5th January 1803.

Amount. Amount.

Brou0ht forward - - 75,06015 5 i

£• •- d- £■ *• d.

Armagh - - - 306 2 io| Larne - 347 >9 4

Athlone - 751 8 10s Letterkenny - No Jliliiilery.

Baltimore - 462 15 9J Limerick - 0.54 8 —

Cavan - Not entitled. Lilburn - 9i)6 5 uJ

Clonmel! - 2,166 18 6£ Londonderry - No Distillery.

Coleraine - 217 3 6 Loughroa - 362 8 3J

Cork - 14,220 1 11 Mallow - 37 *4 4

Dingle »- 101 17 11 Maryborough - 3,497 15 3i

Douaghadee - No Diliillery. Naas - i,543 6 10

Drogheda - 1,207 10 10 Newry - 1,004 5 2

Dublin City - 5i»7i4 8 4 Kol’s - No Distillery.

- D° - County - No Diliillery. Sligo - Not entitled.

Dundalk - - - 2,021 6 oj Strabane - No Distillery'.

Ennis - 580 12 6^ Strangford - 237 5 —

Foxford - No D llillery. Trim - 773 — 9l

Galway - - - - Not entitled. Waterford - 942 6 2

Kilkenny - <0 00 y* Wexford - 495 — 7r

Killy begs - No Diliillery. Wicklow - 274,7 2

Kin tide - 3^3 * I Youghall - No Diliillery.

Carried forward - 75,060 15 5$ £■ 86,506 18 5

jj

• Sa??i. Hood,

Afs* Examr of Excise,—Ctli June 1803-

Ax ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SPIRITS Exported from Ireland, and the Amount of Drawback claimed and granted thereon: diliinguishing the ddierent Ports in Ireland whence such Exportation was made, and the different Ports in England t*

which such Spirits were lent; from 5th January 1802, to 5th January 1803.

Gallons. Drawback Paid.

From Dublin to London - Liverpool - Bristol - - - - Whitehaven - - - - Sunderland - - - 66^81 *4.677 36,695 1,359 2,513 £. s. 104,626 5 5 20,421 11 11 6,164 18 11 238 13 — 388 12 3

Total from Dublin - - 826,625 131,840 1 6

From Cork to London " " - - Liverpool - - - - Biillol " ~ - Carnarvon - - - *96,458 i,3«6 12,152 6,069 32,760 13 11 246 10 8 2,061 13 7 ^,062 19 11

'Total from Cork - - - . 216,065 36,131 18 1

(continued

45 Geo. HI,

Appendix.

1141

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits Exported from Ireland, and the Amount of Drawback &c.—continued.

from Belfast td London From Galway to Bristol

From Limerick to London -

...... Liverpool [•

Total from Limerick -

From Waterford to London From Baltimore to D°

Total Exportation from Ireland -

Total Exportation to London -

- ----- Liverpool - -

----- Bristol -

- - Whitehaven - -

----- Sunderland - -

----- Carnarvon - -

The Examinator of Excise cannot ascertain the Strengths of the above Spirits at Exportation, the Duty on Irish-diliilled Spirits not being charged by Strength. The Drawback was granted on tile Spirits as Distilied and Permitted, without any reference to their Strengths.

6th June 1803.

Gallons. Drawback paid.

2,505 £■ *■ <r. 448 6 3

>.463 230 18 11

13>*5® 4,‘234 25265 4 * 721 6 6

,7>39 2,986 10 7

6.451 i>‘2°9 958 3 8 2l6 12 3

1,071,708 1 172,812 11 3

881,160 130,297 50,310 >,359 2,5'3 6,069 »4'.‘275 5 7 21,389 9 8,457 11 5 238 13 — 388 12 3 1,062 19 11

Sam. Hood,

Afs* Exam* of Excise.

CHARGE of SERVICES ordered to be performed, and Stores to be supplied, for carrying on the Service of the Office of Ordnance in the year 1803, fmce the Elhmate of the said Office, for the said year, was presented to Parliament.

LAND SERVICE: v

For the Purchase of Vessels, Cordage, and Anchors, and Wages of Bargemen, and othefs employed in re-establishing and maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - For the Purchase of Lands on the Essex Ihore, opposite the Warren at Woolwich, and for establishing a Military Ferry from the said Warren to the new causeway on the Efi’ex Ihore - For the Purchase and Forage of additional Riding Dories, for theilorfe Brigade of the Royal Regiment of Artillery -

On Account, for the Pay of the Corps of Gunner Drivers, and for Levy Money for the fame -On Account, for new Carriages for Guns, Waggons, Carts, Harness, and other Stores, £. s. d.

for the Field Artillery in England - -- - so,000 — —

On Account, for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery

in England, and for Contingencies - - 145,145 is —

For Brass Ordnance, Harness, Powder, and other Stores, for the Field Artillery in Ireland For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Small Arms, Ammunition, and other Stores, for defence of the Islands of Gueriiley and Jerl'ey

For Small Arms ——

For a supply of Tents for Regiments ——

Total for Great Britain - For SERVICE ih IRELAND:

On Account, for the Military Expences of the Ordnance in that part of the United £. s. d. Kingdom; Irish Money * - - - - 21,666 13 4

Being in Sterling -

Total for the United Kingdom

£• >■ <*• 3,319 * 6 4,166 2 —

1L379 4 —

32,203 — —

165,145 12 - 19,291 2 S

16,561 8 —

20.000 — —

10.000 -

282,065 10 11

20,000 —

302,065 10 11

Office of Ordnance,*) 3d June 1803.

A. Ross.

M. Singleton.

W. IV. Pole. Jof. Hunt.

A S T AT E M E N T of the Amount of Money to be paid in satisfaction of the Outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ordhavcs in Ireland, for Services performed, and not provided for by Parliament; vis.

To repay the Treasury in Ireland the Sums advanced to sundry Regiments of the Line, Fencibles, and Militia, for Worms, Turnfcrews, and other Articles, the lame being due to the said Regiments by the late Board of Ordnance there ‘ ‘ " " ' ‘

To repay the Treasury in Ireland the Sum advanced to the Treasurer of the late Board of Ordnance there, to enable him to discharge sundry Outstanding Claims on the said Board -To pay Debentures outstanding, and various other Claims on the late Board of Ordnance in Ireland, which, on the investigation by the Board of Ordnance here, of the Reports of Commissioners appointed to examine and state the said Claims, have been found such as should, both in justice to the Public and to the Individuals concerned, be satisfied "

Irish Money

Being in Sterling

- £-

£• 35,9°8 4 0

£. 5. d.

9,600 1 2 10,000 —

19»300 9 1°

38,900 11

Office of Ordnance, * June 1803.

Vol. r8.

A. Ross. IV. W. Pole.

M. Singleton. Jof. Hunt, i

i-jM

1142

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Append.X, , A ESTI MATE of the DEBT or Ills Majesty’s NAV Y, on the Heeds hereafter mentioned,' as it flood on l]:e

(No. 6a.) ' 3.a iwtar .«<».

7 ">»"• -----;-----

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

NAVY: _ ,:

Due, For Bills payable at Ninety days date for Naval Stores, Slop Cloathing, Bedding for Seamen,

supplied lor the service oi the Navy - - - " " " - -

- - For Stores del in en d into IBs Majesty s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out i the

31ft December 1802 Alio, lor several Bills of Exchange accepted -_ . for Wages to ills Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

- - For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Eltubliftiment made by His Majesty in Council on

that behalf- ——

__To pay the W'ages unpaid, on Books of Ships paid off- - - - "

- . To Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay, on 31ft December 1802 ......

VICTUALLING:

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due, For Bills payable at Ninety days date, for Provisions, Stores, kc. - - * - -

- For Provisions deli%*ered, and Services perlormed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 180*2 - - - - " " " " "

- - For NecelTary and Extra-necessary Mony, BiPs of Exchange, and Contingencies -

-- To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

- - For short Allowances to Lhe Companies of llis Majesty s Ships in pay, and which have been paid off

SICK and WOUNDED:

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due, For Quarters, and cure of Sic k and W ounded Seamen on shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the le\eral Ports, Pnioners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office -

TRANSPOIl T S:

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due, For Bills payable at Ninety days date, for Fre-oht of Transports and Store?, and for the Subsistence, Cloathing, <\c. of Prisoners of W ar in Health ——

- For Fre ghl of '1 ransports and for Stores loppmed, V.’age? to Of nr*f*rs, and (Vn’ingcncies; Also, for

Snbiilrence-and Cloadung 01 lb doners of V. ar in J l< tish, lor which no Bills we.e made out on the 31ft December 180-2 * -

£ S. W.

196,170 8 9

16+75 3 5? 7

315^30 — —

206,138 8 5

282,168 io 9

878,100 9 7

217)384 1 i

12,663 5 10

58,560 9 6

30,118 1 0

34,608 H 10

131,036 16 1

675,789 if 5

Abate, the B&Lnce remaining in the hands of the Treasurers of Ilie Majesty's Navy, 31ft December 1802 -

The Nett Debt of the Navy, for the year 1802, amounts to the fern of Three Millions One Hundred and Five Thorf md Six Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence - ~ - - - -" - - - £.

Total.

s. </.

V2,043,lai 15 l

353,33+ 12 it

81,078 3 6

806,826 7 6

3,284,360 19 —

178,71* J7 3

3,105,648 1 9

A. S. Ilamond. H. Duncan.

J. Henjlozv. TVm Rule.

IF. Palmer. IV. Bellingham..

F. J. Hartwell. S. Gambler. B. Tucker.

—There was remaining in the hartds of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31ft December 1802, in Money as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Re IIonbIc H^ Dundas, ill Trea?

Rl Hunblc Cha* Townftiend - -Rl IIonbe IP Dundas, 2d Treat* -R* IIonblc Charles Bragge -

~ On the Heads of

Navy. Victualling. Sick and Vrounded. Transports.

- £ e d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

- - 5,326 9 — 116 11 34 10 14 11 -

- - 2,98a 510^ 643 17 14 3 2 10 _ -

- - 3,054 >7 m 296 — 3 — 2 34 -

141,231 5.4 12,345 19 64 12,701 10 io| -

£ 152,594 18 2.1 13,402 8 2 — 12,715 id* io£ - -

Total.

£• '•

5+53 25 3*629 5

3'351 160,278 15

3

9i

5

178)7* 1 *7 3

Appendir, Transport Opfice,7 As ESTIMATE of the Money that \yill be wanted for the Service of this Department, (No. 63 ) Une 1 ^’ . June and 31ft December 1803, in addition to the Sums already voted by Parliament.

8* Junii.

between the ? A

For the Transport Service -

For the Expence of Prisoner* of War in Health, at Home and Abroad

£ s-

100.000 —- —'

65,000 — —

165.000 — —

Rup* George.

Ambrose Serlt.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1143

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen*

7th June 1803.

Air ESTIMATE of what Money tnay be wanted for she Service of Sick Prisoners of War, from the present time until

the end of the year 1803.

Append

(No. 6;

8* Jum

4mtinu€<

July i a . £. *. A 2,000 —

August - 3,000

September * - - * - 3,000

October - 5,000

November - - 4,000

December - - 3,000

20,000

1

The Sum Total is, Twenty Thousand Pound*.

In. Harness. IV. Gibbons. J. Weir. Baird.

ESTIMATE of the further Sums required for the Service of the BARRACK DEPARTMENT, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; for the year 1803.

firing and'Candles for the Troops Regimental Officers Lodgings Lodging and Stabling Small Ulentil Money Straw for the Troops Rents of Temporary Barracks Repairs of Temporary Barracks Bedding and Furniture -Contingencies -

Total

- 0£-

Irish.

£■ d.

>3-933 -

*,250-----

10,500 — r---

600 -----—

1,200-----

6,500 -

2,000 -----■

15,t>06 --- —

1,500 -

59,483

Which Sum of £. 59,483 Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, fe - - £-54.9°7- 7*- 9

Append!,

(No. 64.;

8° Junii.

War-Office, 7 8th June 1803.3

C. Yorker

1144

Appendix.

A. 18C3.

jpendir, !o. 6j.> Junii.

An A C C 0 U N T of the P U B L I C FUNDED D E BT of IRELAND, as the fame flood on the 5th January 1803; niuinsviinv-ng

of each Fund— the Annual Interest, and Annuities,— and the it vend Portions thereof payable in London a^d

By what ACTS Created.

Payable in DUBLIN:

£•%■ iot.

per-Cent. per Annum.

t% Geo. III. -

15 Geo. 111. -

if Geo. HI. -

*5 Geo. III. -

*7 Geo. III. -

18 Geo. III. -

*7, 29, Sc 31 Geo. III. 23 Geo. Ill* -

Vote of Credit of sith June 1793

34 Oro.'lII. -

35 Geo. 111. -

36 Geo. HI. -

Vocr of Credit of

iSrh October 1796

37 Geo. III. - . -

38 Geo. III. -

39 Geo III. -

40 Geo. III. -

41 Geo. III. .

41 Geo. III. -

BANK OF IRELAND.

21 and 37 Geo. III. 37 Geo. ill.. - -

i.

100)000 — -918)240 —

1,770,231 17 1

2,888,472 17 1

Z-4-

per-Cent per Annum.

174,100

£■ 5 P«r-Cent. per Annum,

d.

Payable In LONDON:

£• 5 per-Cent. per Annum, (British Currency.)

200.000 — —

150.000 —

4*7,983 6 3

400.000 — — 640,000 — —

635, OCO — —

2,043,95°-----

2,011,000 — — 2,500,000 ~ — 41,985 19 7

COO,000 < 500,000

174,100

10,209,919 6 3

£. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, (Bptrfll Currency.)

£. 3 per-Cont. C^iiLlidated Annuities, from 5 Jan. 1808,

(British Currency.)

d.

500,000 1,100,000 -

300,000 — —

1,900,000 — —

Irish Currency: 2,05s,333 6 8

1.875.000 — 3,000,000 —

3.750.000 —

2.200.000 —

3.125.000 —

1.300.000 —

£■ 3 per-Cent. Reduced Ammitiea,! ^British Currency.; I

£.4 pet-emt. I Cent olid a ted ' Annuities, 'British Currency'

d.

C

139,150-----

15,250,000 — —

Irish Currency: 16,520,833 6 8

750,000 -1,000^00 -1,500,000

94<j,ogo

1,268,750

l,20G, OCQ 1

C

300,000-----

139,250-----

Irish Currency: >5°»*54 3 4

6,658,750 -

Irish Currency * 7^13^45 *6 8

300,000 — —

Irish Currency: 315,00s — —

7>* i3.645 16 S

15c, S.4 1 4

16.520,833 6 8

2058,333 6

10,20^.919 6 3

TOTAL PRINCIPAL DEBT, on the 5th January 1803 -

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Cattle, 28th April 1S03.

174-1*00 — — 2,888,471 17

39>54'*25S J6

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

[ 9* Junii.

Ah ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of IRELAND, and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING, on the 5th January 1803; under the Heads of—Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, and Loan from Great Britain for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801 ;—distinguishing under each Head respectively, thfc Particulars of which such Debtor Demand confided; and also what part of the said Debt and Demand was then provided for, and in what manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for.

LOAN DEBENTURES:

Residue of Debentures hearing £.4 per-Cent. Interest to the year 1788, provided for by 27th 6c 28th GeO. 111. but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Old Loan -

Loan by Lottery 1780 Loan by Lottery 1781

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

Outstanding Exchequer Bills, provided for by several Acts of Parliament, but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Payable 24 June - 1783 -

24 June - 1790 -24 June - 1791 -

24 June - 1794 -

24 June - 1795 -

25 Decemr 1798 -

24 June - 1801 -

25 Decern' 1801 -

25 March 1802 -24 June - 1802 -

EXCHEQUER BILLS, not in course of Payment till after the 5th January 1803:

37 Geo. III. Payable 25 December 1802 -

38 Geo. III. Payable 25 March - 1803 -

40 Geo. III. Payable 25 March - 1803 -

40 Geo. III. Payable 25 March - 1803 -

40 Geo. III. Payable 24 June - 1803 -

40 Geo. III. Payable 24 July - 1803 -

LOTTERY PRIZES:

Outstanding Lottery Prizes of the several Lotteries, from the year 1782 to the year 1801 -Loan from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801 -

s. d.

8

5°

100

200

300

400

250

5,200

100

2,400

6 8

29*750

30,000

386,250

6,023

600.000

100.000

6 8

£■ s. d.

675-----

1/250-----

75°-----

£■ '■ d-

(*) 2.675-----

(*) 9,008 6 8

1,152,023 6 8

- C)

1,161,031 is 4

09,981 — 290.000 — "

Total - - £■ 1,492,687 ’3 4

(*) Provision has been made for these Sums by several Acte of Parliament.

£r0yided Session.-----(c) To be provided for by the Grand Canal Company, to whom they were ifilled.

\) To be provided for by the Commissioners of Wide Streets.

(*) Have been for feme years pall replaced from year to year by other Exchequer Bills to a similar Amount.

The remaining Sums to be provided for. 1

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, 1 ,

b\ IV Lv,

Appendix

1145

43 GrEO. III.

the Years in which each part thereof was created;—Distinguishing nlfo, the different Funds in which it is inverted—the Amount of the Capital Stock Dublin, respectively the C barge of Management—and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt.

Annuities on Lives, or Terms <^f Years. Charge of Management. ANNUAL CHARGE for Redemption of National Debt.. TOTAL of Annual Expence. 1

Annual Iniercfh furfuarit 10 Act of 57 Cfc. III. for Redemption ot Debt then exiting. ' 1 '; By Acts providing ! £. 1. per Cer.t. ) for Redemption of Debts created since j 3 797. -

£■ «• d. 1 39>13^ 8 — I 6,96s { £■ >■ d. J 5,900 — — IO,5CO 22,500 — £• *• d. £■ s. d. 2,250 £■ 1. £. s. d. 15,900 •— — 10 500 22,500 — — 2>2So 39,138 8 — 6,968 ^Life Annuities. Annuities expired Anno 1797.

! 17,500 — — 17,500 — —

■ 5T.<5*2 IO — I 795*1 6 8 10,296 10 18,058 13 8 346 2 6 655 — 1 - - 62,125 2 6 98,297 — j

J 23>437 10 — 319 18 4 - - - 72,007 8 4

| I1C,c62 IO — , 232,197 10 j 1,175 227,030 j 3 6 j i*;.*-8 3 — S.2?1 5 — 5.326 7 9 1,366 14 u* 1,896 10 9 2,4,3 3 6 M92 *9 5 2,12? IO I,2l8 15 — 67*635 8 4 38,714 11 8 64,466 3 4 7M75 59016 13 4 47.598 19 2 46,294 4 — 243,060 9 n* 303,886 11 IC 35 o*5J3 3 * 287,559 12 9 194,620 12 8 190,721 2 — -

30.000 — — 25.000 — •— lS, I25 — — 1*778 13 8 - 5,000 — — 30,000 — — 48,125 1,778 13 8

1,446,5! I IS 2 6 5 13,603 8 2{ 69,885 8 4 337,965 11 6 1,997.451 5 l\ TOTAL CHARGE for Debt of Ireland

Appendix (No. 65.) 9° Jun

V-----

* Management on so much of the Debt, payable in Dublin, as has been converted into Stock, transferable at the Bank of Ireland. The ' remainder U not chargeable with Management.

G. CavendiJIi.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cate Breton in America, from the-ift of January

to the 31st of December 1803.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor Chief Justice -Attorney General -Secretary, ltegifter, and Clerk of the Council M uniter -

Surveyor General ——

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster

Allowance upon account of Contingencies

Agent -

500

IOO

150

IOO

- IOO

100

IOO

- 40

200

,50 — —

1- 1,840

Appendix,

(No. 67.) 10° J

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somek’s Islands, from the lft of January

to the 31st of December 1803.

Salary of the Chief Justice Pees on Receipt

£. s. d.

500-----

80-----

c'- -

ESTI MATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick in America, from the lft of

January to the 31st of December 1803.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice ——

Three Aliiltant Judges, at/. 300 per annum each -Attorney General ——

Secretary, Ilegilter, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands -

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotias Commissary at New Brunswick

Allowance on Account of Contingencies -

Agent ......

£■ s. d.

1,000-----

500-----

goo-----

150-----

250-----

100-----

150-----

800-----

150-----

500-----

150-----

A. 1803.

1146

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 67.)

io* Jwiii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia* frond the lft of January to tht

31ft of December 1S03.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor Chief Justice -Attorney General -

Secretary, Uegiftrar, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer -

Allowance to a Bishop ——

Allowance to the Bishop’s Commissary - - - - -.- -

Allowance to IN 1 millers ——

A Miftionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England -To the Governors of King’s College in this Province, for the Salaries of the President and Professors, and other Expences attending that Establishment -

Allowance to complete the building of the said College - - - 1 -

To the Reverend Mr. Bennet, as in the preceding Ultimate -

To the Rev. Doctor Brown, late Minister of the Preihyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise provided for -

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Assembly ——

Mrs. Cotlnam’s Annuity -

Allowance to Superi 11 tendant of Fisheries -

Allowance for a Vessel employed in the Service of the Superintendant of the Trade and Fisheries -An additional Missionary in Nova Scotia -

Pension to Mary, Widow of Richard Bulkeley, Eft]. late Secretary of the Province -Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit

Agent ——

1,000 --

850-----

15o-----

.250-----

100-----

150-----

50 — —

700 --- ;-

150-----

'965-----

75-----

1,000 -

5oo-----

loo-----

75 — —

100-----

100 —

*200 -

600-----—

50-----

100-----

<200 -

200 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from tb* id of January to the

31ft of December 1803.

£■ '■ d.

.The Salary of the Chief Justice . 600-----

To cease when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, in America, now called Prince EDwaRtft

Island, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1803.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice -

Additional Salary to D°, from the 10th of November 1802, at £. 100 per annum Attorney General - -

Secretary, Uegifler, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer -

Provost Marftial ——

Minister -

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, till otherwise provided for

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, till otherwise provided for -

Pension to Mr. Peter Stewart, late Chief Justice -

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -Allowance for Contingencies -

Agent ——

£. s.

- 500

- 300

- n+ 4 ill

IOO

150

- 300

100

70

100

- 90

- 60 — —

200 —* —■

IOO

130

- 100

£■ 2,214 + 1»4

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America, from the lft

to the 31st of December 1803.

Salary of the Governor - ......

Governor’s Secretary ——

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer ......

Allowance to the Missionary at St. John -

Allowance to the Sheriff, at 105. per diem -

Allowance to two additional Missionaries at Newfoundland, at £.50 per annum each Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit -Agent ......

£. i.

5 00-----

182 10 — 200 — —■

106-----

50-----

182 10 — 100 — —

100-----

100-----

1,5*5 —

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1147

ESTIMATE of the Charge for defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the

tift of January to the 3 lit of December 1803.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Salary of the Attorney General

Salary of the Solicitor General - -

Two Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, ca.j£. 750

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas - -

Two Sheriffs, at £. 100 each -

Secretary and Register

Clerk of the Council ——

Receiver General of the Revenues -

Five Executive Counsellors, each £.100 -

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Naval Officer -

Salary of the Bishop’s Commissary -

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen ——

Allowance towards building Churches -

Allowance to the Widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, Governor of the Bermudas, in reward of his firm and judicious conduct and able Services at the Myamis, and in consideration of her straightened circumstances, per annum ——

Allowance on Account of the Arrears due to the Representatives of Mr. John White, late Attorney General of this Province, for Half a Year’s Salary due the 31st of December 1799 -

Allowance on account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

2,000-----

1,10*-----

300-----•'.

100-----

1,500-----

100-----

200-----

300 -

IOO — ---

200-----

500 -

300-----

100-----;

150-----

400-----

800 -----*

150 —

Appendi: (No. 67, io# J continued.

150-----

250-----

200 — —

8,900-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the id of January to the

31ft of December 1803;

Salary of the Governor ——

•Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commilltiry ——

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary ——

Clergyman ——

D° at Paramatta and Hawkesbury -

Surgeon ——

One Mate ——

Two Mates, at £. 136. 17. 6. per annum each -

Allistant -

Surveyor of Lands -

Boat Builder ——

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores - -- V

Two additional ClerkB to the Commissary, at £. 60 per annum each Two Assistant Storekeepers -

One Superintendant of Convicts -

Two D* - - - D° - at £.75 per annum each -

Six Da - - - D® - at £.50 per annum each -

NORFOLK ISLAND.

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island -

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Clergyman ——

Surgeon -

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

Additional Salary to Mr. Clarke, Deputy Commissary of Stores, in consideration of his long Services, and of the great increase of the Duties of his situation -

One Storekeeper

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Three Superin tendants of Convicts, at £.50 per annum each - - - -

One M after Carpenter ——

One Beach Master and Pilot - - - -1-

Provost Marshal ——

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in consideration of his meritorious Services -

Allowance to Governor Hunter, in consideration of his lotig Services -

Allowance to Mr. Alt, late Surveyor General, in consideration of his long Services, and of his Infirmities,

from 13th April 1802 of £.91. 5. per annum - ......

Allowance to Mr. White * late Surgeon * -

Allowance, upon Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit

Agent - - - ......

£■ «• d.

1,000-----

365-----

3^5-----

91 5 —

91 5 —

20-----

250-----

182 10 —

365-----

182 10 —* 273 15 — 91 5-

182 10 — 91 5 —

182 10 -

120-----

loo-----

100-----

150-----

300 -

250-----

182 10 ---

182 16 — 182 10 — 182 10 ---

91 5 —

5°-----

91 5-

150-----

40-----*

50-----

70-----

500-----

306-----

158-----

9i 5~ 300-----

150-----

PORT PHILLIP.

Lieutenant Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate Clergyman -

Surgeon - , -

1 ft Allistant D° ——

2d Assistant Dd -

Deputy Commissary -

Deputy Surveyor -

Mineralogist -

Two Superintendants of Convicts, at 50 per annum each

450-----

182 lo —

182 10 —

182 10 —

I36 17 6

91 5 —

91 5 —

91 5 —

91 5 —

ioo —

9,12+ 17 6

1148 Appendix. 1803.

Appendix,

(No. 67.)

I o° Jwiiiy

Cun timud. __________J

Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from lft January to 31ft December 1803—continued.

The ESTIMATE of this Year is increased by the Sum of £.3,216. 17. 6. by the following Charges:

By the Establishment of a New Settlement at Port Phillip, and an additional Allowance oi X*100) upon Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit -

By an Allowance to the late Governor Hunter, for his long Services -

By an Allowance to the late Surveyor, superannuated -

By the necedily of increasimi the Salaries of the Surgeons and their A (Tilt ants, in order to place them on a footing with those offiinilur Banks in the Annv, and by the expediency ot providing for a corresponcling increase in the Salaries of the Clergveien and Deputy Judge Advocates, and other Civil Officers, in the Settlements - -

£. $. d. t,0;9 7 6 300-----

158-----

V'S9 10 —

But this augmentation of Salaries is more than balanced by withdrawing the labour ot ninety-six Convicts, hitherto allowed to the above Olhcers and other Individuals; the value of such labour, estimated at£. 1,8-24 per annum, being in future to be paid by the Persons hiring the Convicts.

E ST IM ATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803.

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Salary of the Chief Justice -

ri wo Afliil ant Judges, at £. 2oo per annum each -

Secretary, Begifter, and Clerk of the Council ——

Attorney General ——

Pro v oft Maribul -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Minister ——

Minister at Harbour Island and Elutlira ——

rl hret Milfionaries at the other Iflaiids, at £.70 each -

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the support of herself and seven Children now in di ft refs, in consideration of the long lutlerings and Services of her late IJulhand, Edmund Rulh Wegg, late Attorney General Allowance for the maintenance ofa Vessel for the Service of Government - '

Allowance for Contingencies -

£. *■ d.

800-----

500-----

400 —-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

70 -7-

7°-----

210-----

150-----

.700-----

300-----

Agent

150 -—

4,100-----

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services, from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of - the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, \ year to 5 April

1803 - - ...... ——

William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant General Vyfe, for the Repairs of Port Patrick -John Clementlbn, Esq. for Expences incurred by him in removing from his Official House, in consequence of the Apartments being wanted for the House of Commons ——

William Chinnery, Esq. to be paid to Lieutenant Grant, late Commander of the Colonial Brig Lady Nelson, for loftes sustained during the time he was employed by the Governor of New South Wales, and for Expences on his return home - Ditto, for fnnclry Articles provided for the use of the Convids embarked on board the Glatton for New South Wales - -

Ditto, to defray the passage to Bass’s Straights, on the Coast of New’ South Wales, of the Lieutenant Governor of the Settlement intended tube formed there, and of the Officers of the Civil and Military Establilliment -Sir George Yonge, to repay the Expences incurred in consequence of Orders directing his immediate return to England -John Rennie, Etq. to defray the Expences of Surveys, Reports, and Deligns for Bridges over the Straits of Menai -Captain Jolepli Huddart, for Expences incurred in a Journey to Bangor, Conw ay, Chester, and Liverpool, respecting Surveys and Deligns for Bridges over the Straits of Menai, Ac. -

Henry Nettletbip, Esq. lor making up and publishing in the London Gazette, weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcavado Sugar, for one year, to 10th October 1802 -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to discharge Fees on puffing Public Accounts -

Charles Abercrombie, Esq. for Expences attending the Surveys of the intended Military Roads through part of the Counties of Sutherland and Caithness -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 10 June 1803.

N\ Vanjittart.

£. s. i.

5,100 18 3 ' 558 17 5

177 6 -

9s 13 3 .291 8 3

634 13 —

1,060 7 6 657 4

113 13 9

429 14 —

3,000 -

229 18 6

12,353 1 3

E ST I M AT E of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of ALIENS, according to the provisions of an Act passed in the 4‘idyear of His Majesty’s Reign, for the year 1803.

Superintendant of Aliens, Clerks, and Assistants -Agents at the different Ports, with their Extra Bills -Office Keeper, Necessary Woman, and 3 Messengers, a. 6 s. per diem House Rent, Taxes, Coals and Candles -

Stationary and Printing - - . - -

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills

Secret Agents ......

ComiDgencies -

1,420 — —

4 3

- 458 i* —

353-----

400 -

1,985 5 11

i,3°° — —

486 19 10

Total Amount to be provided for the year 1803

7,620 —

Whitehall, 1

6th June 1803. j . Pelham.

N. B. This Eftunate is to the fame Amount as the Estimate for the year 1802.

45 Guo. ill*

Appendix*.

1143

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expenses incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the COIN of this Kingdom,

in the year 1802:

Two Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-One Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Append

(No.

10°

continued

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,' 10th June 1803.

N. Vanfit

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the MILITARY ROADS in North Britain; for the year 1803:

Five Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber?,' 10th June 1S03.

N. Van fit tart.

Am ESTIMATE of the Suhi that may be wanting in the present Year, to defray the Expences under the Commission, pursuant to

the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty:

Four Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Downing-street, 10th June

reet, \ 1803.)

Geo. Hammond.

Aw ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty’s Foreign and other SECRET SERVICES;

iof the year 1803.

For His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services -Deduct,

For the Charge on the Estimate on the Civil List, for this Service -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,' 10th June 1803. j

One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds,

£. s. d.

* 175.000

- 25,000

£ 150,000

N. Vansittart.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker of the

Iloule of Commons, between July 180*2 and the 3jit May 1803.

Twenty-one Thousand Four Hundred and Thirty-four Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers," 10th June 1803.

N. Vansittart.

Am ESTIMATE of the Expence incurred for Works done at the Auditor’s Office, the Pipe Office, and Record Office, at

Somerset Place:

Eight Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Right Pence Halfpenny.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 10th June 1803. J

N. Vansittart.

Am ACCOUNT of the Sum which will be wanted to complete the Purchase of certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, pursuant to an Act of the 41ft year of His present Majesty’s Reign:

Fourteen Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shilling?.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 10th June 1803. )

N. Vanfttarti

An ACCOUNT of the Expense incurred in fitting up a House in Abingdon-street, to be appropriated for depositing the printed Journals and Papers belonging to the House of Commons, and for the residence of the Clerk of the Journals.

One Thousand Two Hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Four Shillings and One Farthing.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, > loth June 1803. J

VOL, 58,

13 o

N. Vansittart.

1150

Appendix*

A. 18<£.

pper.dix,

Nc. 67.)

O’ Ju.Vt,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in Printing the 56th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons,

with the Indexes thereto.

Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,* 10th June 1803.

N. Vanjitt

Ax ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in Repairs at the FLEET PRISON:

One T'lmifaml Seven Hundred and Sixty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny.

Whitehall. Treasury Chambers, 7

10th June 1803. 5 N.

Appendix, (No. 6S.)

150 Ju

Appendix, (NTo. 69.)

17* Jun

An E ST I M A T E of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Civil Contingent Expencls for the Service of that Part

of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the year 1803.

Fifty Thousand Pounds British, being Fifty-four Thousand One Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and

Four Pence, Irish Currency.

James Crofton.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His MajeOv’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Banks, for executing and erecting a Monument in Saint Paul's Cathedral, to the memory of Captain Burgess -

To him, more for l)fI, to the memory of Captain Weftcott -

To Richard Weltmucott, for L)°, to the memory of the Right honourable Sir Ralph Abercrombie To Charles Rossi, lor L)\ to the memory of Captains Mols and Riou -

To John Ftaxuiaii, for D°, to the memory of Admiral Earl Howe -

To John Henry Ley, for his service as Second Alliltant Clerk of the House of Common?, in the last SelVh)!i of Parliament ——

To John Tophum, Secretary to the Commissioners for carrying into execution the Meal’ures recommended by the lloule of Commons respecting the Public Records of this Kingdom -

f. s. d.

1,848 12 —

1.480 18 — ‘2,216 16 —

1.480 .18 — 2,216 16 —

534 15 —

2.536 1 —

12,314 iC —

Fa chef pier, ‘ 7 the 7R1 day of June 1803. J

James Fisher.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 2 30 Junii.

A'x ACCO U N T of the S H I P P I N G employed by the EAST INDIA COMPANY: Specify i:. 2 the Names, Tonnage, ami Number of Feet W ater each Class of Ships draws when fully laden; as far as the lame can be ascertained.

Ganges -Walmer Castle -Thames -Cirencester Ceres -Glutton -CutthelK -Neptune -Contis -Hope -

War ley -

Kail of Abergavenny Armiion -Royal Charlotte

Marquis of Ely Canton -l’Vrievcrance -Alnwick Cattle David Scott -Brunswick Ocean

Henry Addington Bombay Castle Exeter -

1 V| I1 ’ONNAGE, Builders Vleafurement. DRAFT of WATER on an Even Keel, on Arrival in Long Reach Homeward-bound, when fully laden, including Water, Frovifrons, Guns, Booms, and Stores of every denomination. -

Feet. Inches.

- - 1,500 - 21 2 Dorsetshire,

- 1,460 - 21 4 Woodford

- M3* - 21 4 Allred - _

- L439 - 21 8 True Briton -

- 1*450 - 21 3 Taunton Castle

- K43* - 21 6 Earl Camden -

- 1,429 - 21 4 Royal George -

- 1,468 - 21 9 Cumberland

- 1*451 - - 21 1 El phi nit one

- 1.471 - 21 7 Wexford

- 1,400 - 21 8 Warren Mailings -

" 1,460 - 21 2 Essex - -

- B433 *■ - 22 0

" U453 - 21 6 Sir Edward Hughes - -

- 1,262 - 21 4 Dover Castle -

- 1,209 - 21 9 Asia

" 1,271 - 21 4 Lady Burges - . -

1.156 21 9 Lady Jane Dimdas

1,276 - 21 8 Marquis Wellesley

1,24+ - - 22 0 Walthamstow - m

■ 1,273 - 20 9 Bengal -

1,262 - 21 5 Lord Nelson - m

1.254 - - 21 11 Earl ot St. Viuccnt m

1.265 - - 21 7 Britannia - -

TONNAGE,

Builders

Measurrr.ent.

] ,201 1,206 1,2*21 1/2 09 1,2

L-71"

1.260

1.260

K~74

1,271

1,276

H*57,

957

826

819

821

826

8 i 8

824

Si8

8iq

818

770

DRAFT of WATER on an Era Keel, on arrival in Long Reach, Homeward-bound, when fully laden, inclining Water, Provisions, Gun?, Boo(&% and Srorcs of every denomination.

Feet. Inches.

21 9

20 IO

21 1

20 4

21 4

Cannot be ascertained, not having vet arrived from full \oyage.

- 20

- 20

- 21

- 20

- 21

- 19 21

9

3

8

2

6

o

Cannot be ascertained.

- - 19 7

- 20 I

- 19 0

43 Geo. lit;

Appendix*

im

An Account of the Shipping employed by the East India Company, &c.—continued.

Cattle Edeti -

City of London

Admiral Gardner

Windham

Walpole -

Hugh Inglis

Charlton

Calcutta

Manship

Lord Duncan -

Eari Howe

Baring - -

Marchioness of Exeter

United Kingdom

Lord Castle.reagh

Lady Castlereagh

Lord Melville -

Prince of Wales

Ceylon -

Europe -

Sir Stephen Lushington Earl Spencer -Preston -

Pnncefs Charlotte -General Stuart

TONNAGE,

Builders DRAFT of WATER,

Measurement. &c. See. /

Feet. Inches.

- 818 - - 21 O Herculean * •

- 8:0 - - 20 0

- 8*5 - * 19 11 Devaynes -

- 8-3 - - 20 0

- 8?3 - 21 11 Northampton - -

- 811 - - 20 5 Admiral Aplin - -

- 818 - - 21 11 Travers - -

- 819 - - 21 2 1 Skelton Castle - . -

- 8i> - - 19 6 j Princess Mary -

- 830 - - 19 6 j Fame -

- 8"6 - - 21 6 | Cull a nd’s Grove.

- 819 Lord Eldon

- 820 Minerva -

- 821 S11 Wilnam Bentley •

- 812 Cannot be ascertained, not Tottenham

- 821 I having yet arrived from 11 m net -

- 8l8 first voyage. Carmarthen _ -

- 8*20 X Experiment - -

- 818 Huddart - -

- 824 Union - -

Comet _ -

- 608 - 19 0 Tigris _

- 644 - " 19 2 Glory -

- 671 - - 20 3 Ann - -

- 610 - - 17 11 Euphrates . -

607 ' - 18 4

TONNAGE,

Builders

Measurement.

60S

604

542

558

570

583

462

49‘i

57l>

538

560

547

517

55°

55*

549 547

550

5 "9 5-7 502 508

59° J

DRAFT of WATER, &c. &c.

Feet. Inches.

- 18 o

Cannot be ascertained, not having vet arrived from first voyage,

- 18

-* l7

- 18

- 17

* *7

1

6

3

7

3

Cannot be ascertained, not having yet m rived trout’ hi it voyage.

The preceding Lift contains the Names of all the Ships at present in the East India Company’s Service.

East India I lmife, 7 2-2d June 1S03. 3

(Errors excepted.)

*]ames Coggari

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping.

A STATEMENT of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purpose of Redeeming their Land Tax; from the 29th of March 1799 to the 24th of June 1803.

Appendix (No. 71/

2 40 Junii.

To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament au'embied.

"THE Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, 44 and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by 44 Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the pnr-<£ pose of Redeeming their Land Tax," have received His Majesty’s directions to lay before the House of Commons, a Statement of their Proceedings, cUftinguishing the number and value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Comniiflior.ers; the Amount of Land Tax Redeemed, or to be Redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts for Sale; the Quantity of Stock purchased by the produce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public refulling from the Proceedings tinder the said Commission; the Expence incurred; and the estimated Value of the entire Property of which the tenure has been, or will be changed, by the died of such Sales, or Contracts for Sale;

AND the said Commissioners report accordingly":

I.—By an Act passed the 21ft March 1799, " to amend and render " more elseduaRthe preceding Acts for the Redemption and Purchase- of the Land Tax," it was made lawful for His Majesty to appoint seven Persons of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, to be Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contract for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purposes of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any of the Manors, iMeftuages, Lands, ’Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies.

And His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing date the 26th March 1799, nominated and appointed the Right honourable William Lord Auckland, the Right honourable Henry Addington (then Speaker of the House of Commons) the Right honourable William Pitt, the Right honourable the Mailer of the Rolls (now Lord Alvanley) the Plight honourable Sir William

4

|l Wynne, Knight, the Right honourable the Lord Chief Baron, and the I Right honourable Sylvester Douglas (now Lord Glenbervie) for the purposes of the said recited Act, and with authority to any two or ' more of the said Commissioners, to do any act, inatfer, or thing, winch by the said Commission the said Commissioners are authorized to do: And various I. f*g:ilative Provilloas have lirme, been made, to facilitate and extend the operation and cilect of the said Com uilhon.

II.—The Lords Commissioners, on the 29th March 1700. severally took the Oath prescribed by the Act of Parliament, and afterwards entered upon the execution of their odice. Their meetings have been continued from time to time by adjournments, of more or less frequency, according to the nature and importance of the bufinds to be transaded; and the Commissioners have acted with the advice of Coimfel in such cases as have been thought to require proJefiion.il abidance.

In adjidling and approving the terms and conditions of Sale, it has been anxioully and invariably the object of the Lords Commissioners toestablish and maintain certain uniform principles calculated to prevent any improvident Sales, and beneficial us well as lute to the property of the Church, and of other Corporate Bodies, as far as might be compatible with the nature of the property to be disposed of, and with the different tenures to which that property might be iiibject.

Pursuing these principles, the Board have found it necessary to dif-cuss many questions of intricacy and detail with respect both to legal coiiftruciions, and to modes of valuation.

'Rheir minutes and deciiions have been consequently very voluminous, and have been accurately and carefully entered and preserve.d.

The Lords Commissioners take this occasion again to acknowledge the ready and elTicient aftiftance and attention which they have experienced from time to time, from His Majesty’s Law Officers, from the Directors of the Bank, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and from the O dicers of the Bank of England.

The current business of the Commissioners, as will appear in the two following Sections of this Report, is gradually diminishing; it ill, however, it is considerable and important.

111. -The

1152 Appendix* 1803.

i.ppendit. No. 71,) 14* Junii, continued.

t

t

! -

III.—The number of Sales, and Contracts for Sales, approved by the Commissioners, has been,

From the 29th March 1799 to the 28th March 1800 - 895 Sales. From the 29th March 1800 to the 28th March 1801 433 Sales. From the 29th March 1801 to the 9U1 June 1802 - - 277 Sales. Frdm the 9th June 1802 to the 24th June 1803 - - 173 Sales.

Total - 1,778.

IV.—The Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, was*

In the Fit’ll of the above Periods - - £. 364,678

In the Second 227,420

In the Third - 161,736

In the Fourth - - - * 98,229

Total - £.852,063

And the said Sum of 852,063 was obtained in the following proportions, from Sales made by the different descriptions of Eccleiioliical and other Corporate Bodies, and others:

Archbishop of Canterbury and Sixteen of the Bishopa - £. 192,700 Beans and Chapters ----- 347,520

Redors and Vicars ----- 114,715

Colleges and Prebends - - - - - - 93,286

Lay Corporations ----- 93,842

Owners of Land of which the Reversion in the Crown 10,000

£• 852,063

V. —The Amount of Land Tax Redeemed, or to be Redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts for Sales, cannot yet he l'tated with precilion, as in several inllances, the money ariiingfrom Sales approved and confirmed by the Lords Contmiffinners, has not yet been paid into the Bank, Betides which, the Property sold by the Corporate Bodies, being required by Law to be sold free and discharged from Land Tax, the Land tax has, in very many cases, by agreement between the parties, been freed by the LeiVee or Purcliaier at his expence.

It is therefore difficult to ascertain what amount of Land Tax may have been redeemed by this part of the operation.

On the whole, however, the Amount of Land Tax Redeemed, and to be Redeemed, by virtue of the aforesaid Sales, and Contracts for Sale, may be eiiimated at about £140,000 per annum.

VI. —The quantity of Stock purchased by the Bank from the produce of such Sales, is, £. 1,121,000; exclusive of the Sum not paid into the Bank, and also ot Sums not yet brought to account, amount* ing together by Efiimaic to £.284,000 Stock.

VII. —The Gain refuhing to the rubiic from the proceedings under the Comnuifion, confilis most immediately in the i/uth required by the Acts to be paid to the Public beyond the value of the Land Tax redeemed, and such gain cannot be l'tated at less than £.140,000 Stock; and this is exclusive of the Land Tax redeemed by the Left'ees and Pui chafers of many counderable parcels of the property sold to them. A further gain retiming to the Public from the proceedings under, the CommilLon, is to be found in the genetal operation of the Redemption of the Land Tax, particularly by creating a daily demand of a certain proportion of Stock, which can never be brought back into the market.

The effect of that circumstance is evidently beneficial, and public credit has been materially assisted, by thus withdrawing from the market upwards of Twenty Millions of Stock, in little more than four years, iot the Redemption of Land Tax.

There are also other descriptions of Gain to the Public, which are not inconsiderable, when collectively taken, by the accumulation of the i/uth beyond the amount of the Land Tax fold; by the faring of the allowances to the Receivers General; by the Stamps on Renewal of Leases, and on Conveyances of settled Leafekold Estates.

And, in a more direct point of view, the Sales made by the proceedings under the Commission may be considered as beneficial to the Public, by giving local accommodations to the Purchasers, by multiplying the means of improvement, and by increasing the revenues of the Corporate Bodies, in feme instances very considerably.

VIII. —The expence incurred has been restricted within the ft arrowed limits to the Salaries of a Chief Secretary, A tbit ant, and Clerks; the fees of Counsel, the rent of the office, and certain small incidents *, the whole amounting on the average of four years to aboat £. 1,550 per annum.

IX. —The Value of the entire Property, of which the tenure has been changed by the effect of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, has been computed to be not less than three times the amount of the whole linn received. Afi'uming this computation to be well founded, the amount fold or contracted for being £. 852,063, the Value in Fes of the whole Property transferred from Corporate Bodies, will be £.2,556,189.

The prices approved in Sales, and Contracts for Sale, have varied from fix to nine years pure hale, for the Reversion in' Fee of Landj and Tythes under Leases, for three lives; from eight to fourteen years purchase, for the Beverlion in Fee of Leases for twenty-one years:—* live years purchase has been taken for Houses let for thirty years; and three years for the Reversion in Fee of Leases for forty years. Reserved Rents and Property, not let on beneficial Leases, have beea fold for twenty-five to thirty years purchase.

X. --There cannot be a doubt that these Sales are convenient to Purchasers, advantageous to the S- liers, and their Successors, mid highly beneficial to the Public in general: And therefore the Lords Commissioners would gladly have added to this Report, some Estimate of the proportion of Land 'Fax payable, and not yet redeemed by the Bodies Corporate.

It is however difficult to arrive at any certainty in this part of the Enquiry. It is probable that the proportion of Land Tax redeemed: by the Corporate Bodies, and their Lefices, may exceed the proportion as yet redeemed by oilier descriptions of property, chargeable with Land Tax; full however it’ may be estimated, that nearly two-thirdi remain unredeemed.

XL—The general RiTults may he dated to be:—

That the Number of Sales approved is 1,778.

That the Amount in Money of such Sales so approved, ii £. 852,063 sterling.

That the Value in Fee Simple of the Property fold, is above £.2,500,000 sterling.

That the Stock purchased for the Redemption of Land Tax, under the proceedings of the Commissioners, is about £. 1,300,000. That the whole Expence to the Public has been £.6,050.

That the Gain to the Public, by the operation, has not been lei than £. 140,000 Stock, exclusive of the other benefits explained and detailed in this Report.

By Order of the Lords Commissioners,

Young,

24th June 1803. Secretary.

appendix, (No. 72.)

28* Junii.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year u one thousand eight hundred and three."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Five Millions.

Exchequer, ) James Fiflur.

the 28th day of June 1803. y

Appendix, :Nro. 73.)

2 90 Junii.

Further PROCEEDINGS of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, respecting the Matters stated in the Reports of the

Committee of Finance, so far as they relate to the Naval Departments.

(Xo. 1.)—Copy of anORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th October 1801, for increasing the Salary of the Comptroller of the Navy.

Gentlemen Admiralty Office, 19th October 1801.

His Majesty having been pleased, by His Order in Council of the 12th instant, to dir$4i that the Salary of the Comptroller of the

Navy% from and after the 30th of June last, be increased to thcfuin of Two Thousand Pounds per annum, to be paid to him free ot all deductions, and that the fame be placed upon the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy; We enclose to you herewith a copy of His Majestys Order in Council for your fuller information; and do hereby desire an direct you, in pursuance thereof, to cause the Salary of the Comptroller to be accordingly increased from and after the 30th of June

last, to the sum of Two Thouseuid Pounds per annum, to be paid to hiin

free

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

115 3

free of all deductions, and placed on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy. We are

Your affectionate Friends,

S* Vine ad.

Tha1 1'roulnidge.

Kavy Board. In Markham.

At the Court at Windsor, the 11th October 1801;

Present,

The KIN G’s Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

Whereas there was this day read at the Board, a Memorial from the Lords Coinmiihoners of the Admiralty, dated the 9th of this instant, in the words following; viz.

" Having had under our consideration a Representatien which " has been made to us, by the Comptroller of Your Majesty’s 44 Navy, of the inadequacy of his salary to the support of his 44 iituation; and agreeing with liim in opinion, that what he " has Hated on this subject is wnnhv ot attention; and that 4k the present salary of Fifteen Hundred Pounds per annum is 44 insufficient to compensate the lerviecs of a person holding an 44 ottice of that trull and importance; We do most humbly 44 propose to \our Majesty, '1 hat the Salary of the Comp- troUer of Your Majesty’s Navy Humid, fro In and after the 30th June next, be increuied to the sum of Twro Tlioufand 44 Pounds per annum, to be inierted in the Ordinary Estimate 44 of the Nrt\y, and to be paid to him free of all deductions." llis M'V'lty lasing taken the said Memorial into consideration, was pleated, with: lie advice of His Privy Council, to approve thereof, and to order, ar a is hereby Ordered, That the Salary of the Comptroller of llis Majesty’s Navy, from and after the 30th June lati, be inciealed to the sum of Two Thousand Pounds per annum, to be paid to him free of ail deductions, and that the fame be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’3 Navy; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are to give the necessary directions herein accordingly.

W. Faukener.

Append

44 which we conceive to be more than Efficient, especially as it 44 appears by the Report of the Navy Board, that the charges 73

44 made by the Commissioners of that Board for subsistence, during n e 44 their occasional journies oil the public Service, in no instance J

" have exceeded One Guinea pef dieiti; and that the present rate of continue* " travelling in a chaise with one pair of horl’es, does not exceed v—

44 One Shilling and Sixpence per mile; we do motl humbly propose " to Your Majesty, that, in order to prevent any uitncccflary expence to the Public in future, the Commissioniers for Victualling " His Majesty s Navy shall not be allowed more than One Guinea 44 per diem for fublillence, w henever they shall proceed on journies 44 from Town on public Service, nor more than One Shilling and 44 Sixpence per mile, for each mile they may so travel.

44 We also beg leave to propose to Your Majesty, That the Com-" millioners of Your Majesty’s Navy, the Commissioners for the 44 Transport Service, and the Coinmiihoners for Sick and Wounded c< Seamen, should also be placed on the fame footing in respect to 44 the extent of their Travelling Expences, when the public Service 44 may require their absence from their respective offices."

His Majesty having taken the said Memorial into consideration, was pleased, by and with the advice of His Privy Council, to approve of what is therein proposed, and to order, as it is hereby Ordered, That in order to prevent any unnecessary expence to the Public in future, the Coinmiihoners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy be not allowed more than One Guinea per diem for subsistence, whenever they Until proceed on journies from Town on public Service; nor more than One Shilling and Sixpence per mile, for each mile they thall so travel.

And 11 is Majesty is hereby further pleased to order, That the Commissioners of llis Majest>’s Navy, the Coinmiihoners for the Transport Service, and the Commissioners for the Care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, be also placed on the fame footing, in respect to the extent of their Travelling Expences, when the public Service may require their absence from their respective offices; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are to give the necessary directions herein accordingly.

JY. Faukcner,

(No. 2.)—Copy of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 19th October 1801, for limiting the Travelling Charges of that Board.

Admiralty Office, 19th October 1801.

Gentlemen,

His Majesty having been pleased, by His Order in Council of the l^th instant, to direct, in order to prevent any unneceffiiry expence to the Public in future, That the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy be not allowed more than One Guinea per diem for fub-fiHence, when they shall proceed on journies from Town on the Public Service; nor more than one Shilling and Sixpence per mile, for each nnle they shall lo travel.

And further, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for the Transport Service, and the Commissioners for the Care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, be also placed on the fame footing in respect to the extent of their Travelling Expences, when the public Service may require their absence from their respective offices; We herewith trunsmit to you a copy of His Majesty’s laid Order in Council, and do hereby desire and direct you to conform thereto, lb far as relates to your office. AVe are

Your affcdionate Friends,

Sr Vincent.

, T. Troubridge.

Navy Board. In Markham.

At the Court at AVindlor, the 12th of October 1801;

Present,

The K I N G ’s Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

AA’bercas there was this day read at the Board, a Memorial from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 9th of this instant, in the words following; viz.

44 Having had under our consideration Your Majesty's Order in 44 Council of the 29th of January 1800, grounded on the Report of the late Board of Admiralty, respecting the Regulations to be 44 established in the department of the Commissioners for A’idualling 44 Your Majesty’s Navy, wherein it is directed, that whenever it 44 may be necessary for the said Commissioners to visit the Out- ports, they shall be allowed a film not exceeding Two Pounds per 44 diem (meant to be for fublillence); and One Shilling and Ninepence 44 per mile, for the hire of a post-chaise; and finding that, since the u date of Your Majesty’s laid Order in Council, the Commissioners 44 for Victualling have been in the practice of charging their Tra- veiling Expences to the full extent of the sums above limited, VOL. 58.

(No. 3.) Copy of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for limiting the Allowance to the Members of that Board for Subsistence and Travelling Expences; dated 27th October 1801.

BY the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

His Majesty having been pleased, by His Order in Council dated% the 12th of this month, to direct, That to prevent any unnecessary expence to the Public in future, the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy should not be allow'ed more than One Guinea per diem for subsistence, whenever they shall proceed on journies from Town on the public Service; nor more than One Shilling and Sixpence per mile, for each mile they liutil so travel; we do therefore hereby require and direct you not to allow of any Charge for Travelling and Subsistence. which may be made by the Members of your Board, who may hefe-aftt.r proceed on journies from Town on the public Service, greater than at the rate above-mentioned. Given under our hands, the 27th day of October 1801.

PhP Stephens.

Jat Adams.

IY. Gurthjhore.

The Commissioners fur Victualling llis Majesty's Navy.

By Command of their Lordships,

IY* Marfden,

(No. 4) Copy of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling; dated 26th November 1801, for establishing a distinct Office in that Department lor the Examination of Agents and Storekeepers Accounts.

BY the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be.

Whereas His Majesty hath been pleased, by His Order in Council of the 18th instant, in consequence of the numerous, intricate, and important Accounts of Agents and Storekeepers employed both at home and abroad, which, for the whole period of the late AVar, will now come under examination, and which, from the nature and unexampled extent and amount, will demand the mod able, diligent, and scrupulous inveltigation, in order to guard the Crown against frauds and impositions, to approve of a separate and distinct Office being

13P

formed

1154 Appendix. . 180&.

ppcndix, ^o. 73.) 9’ J

on tinned*

fanned in your department, under the superintendence and direction of the Accountant for Stores, for the execution of that important duty, to consist of an Officer to be denominated the Chief Clerk for Examining and Stating Agents and Storekeepers Accounts, and of three Clerks to be employed under him, at the respective Salaries

under-mentioned; viz.

Officer, or Chief Clerk - - - - £. 400.

Firti Clerk to D° - - - - aoo.

Second D° ...... loo.

Third D° ...... 80.

And of the said Establishment being formed from the Clerks now employed under the Accountant for Stores, and of the salary of the Accountant's third Clerk, who will no longer be employed on the examination of those Accounts, being reduced from Two Hundred and Fifty to Two Hundred Pounds per annum; making in the whole an increased expence to Government of Four Hundred and Eighteen Pounds, as herein after hated; viz.

One from a Salary of £. 300. to £. 400. making an addition of £. 100 One from - D° - of - 250. to - 300.

Two from - D° - of - 150. to - *200. - - - - 100

Two from - D° - of - 100. to - 130. - - _ 100

Three from D° - of - 80. to - 100. (50

Four Supernumerary Clerks, 78. to 80. - - - 8

j£. 418

IVc fend you herewith a copy of Ills Majesty’s Order in Council aforementioned, and do hereby require and direct you to eaule the establishment and alterations therein specified to be carried into immediate effect. Given under our hands, the 26th day of November 1801.

W. Eliot.

' T. Trot/bridge,

J. Markham.

The Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy.

By Command of their Lordships,

Evan Nepean.

At the Court at St. James's, the 18th November 1801; Prelent,

The KING'S Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

Whereas there was this day read at the Board, a Memorial from the Right honourable the Lords ComrailTioners of the Admiralty, dated the 7th of this inllant, in the words following; viz.

" The Commissioners for Victualling Your Majesty's Navy " having represented to us, that, in consequence of the numerous, " intricate, and important-Accounts of Agents and Storekeepers " employed both at home and abroad, which, for the whole period " of the late War, will now come under examination, and which, " from their nature and unexampled extent and amount, will de-" mand the moil able, diligent, and icrupulous investigation, in " order to guard the Crown again It frauds and impositions, it ap-u pears to be elTenlially expedient that a separate and distinct " Office, under the superintendence and direction of their Account-" ant lor Stores, should be established for the execution of that u important duty, to conlilt of an Officer to be denominated the " Chief Clerk for Examining and Stating Agents and Storekeepers " Accounts (who should be a person of integrity, considerable abi-" lity, and long official experience); and of three Clerks to be " employed under him, at the respective Salaries under-mentioned;

1

- 400*

- *200.

- - IOO.

- 80.

u And the said Commissioners having at the same time propnfed, a that the Establishment above-mentioned may be formed from " the Clerks now employed under the Accountant for Stores, and that the salary of the Accountant's Third Clerk, who will " no longer be employed on the examination of those Accounts, " may he reduced from Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds to Two u Hundred Pounds per annum; making in the whole an annual «< increased expence to Government of Four Hundred and Eighteen * Pounds, as herein after Hated; viz.

" One from a Salary of £.300. to £.400. making an addition ot'£.ioo One from - D° - of - 250. to - 300. -

" Two from - D° - of* 150. to - -200. -

<s Two from - D° - of - 100. to - 150. -

Three from D# - of - 80. to - 100. -

" Four Supernumerary Clerks, 78. to 80.

44 Making in the whole an increased ex;

50

100

100

60

8

mce of - .£• 4 *8

* viz.

u Officer, or Chief Clerk * First Clerk to l)° -• " Second I)° - D° -" Third D* - D° -

u We have taken the Proposal of the Victualling Board into our 4< consideration, and being of opinion that the Arrangement herein " fuggelled will be highly beneficial to Your Majesty's Service, do " most humbly propose to Your Majesty, that You will be pleated M to authorize us to direct the Victualling Board to carry the' plan " into immediate execution."

His Majesty, having taken the said Memorial into consideration, was pleated, with the advice of His Privy Council, to approve of the Establishment therein proposed, of a separate and distinet Office in the department of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, under the superintendance and direction of their Accountant for Stores, and of the Salaries thereby proposed to be allowed to the Chief and other Clerks to be employed in the said Office; and to order, as it is hereby Ordered, That the lame be adopted and carried into immediate execution.

And the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are to give the necessary directions herein accordingly.

Stcph. Cottrell.

(No. 5.)—Copy of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 21 ft May 1802; containing an Establiiiunent of Officers and Artificers for llis Majesty’s Yards at Gibraltar and Halifax.

Admiralty Office, 21ft May 1802.

Gentlemen,

Having taken into our consideration the Establillmients contained in your Report of the 3d infiant, relative to His Majesty s Yards at Gibraltar and Halifax; we herewith transmit to you a Scheme of Officers and Artificers for the Efiabliftmient of the said Yards, and do hereby desire and direct you to cause the same to be adopted and provided for on the Ordinary Estimates of the Navy; and you ar® to reduce the former Establishments of the said Yrards accordingly.

We are

Your affectionate Friends,

T. Troubridge.

Jax Adams.

Navy Board. J. Markham.

Admiralty Office, 21ft May iSc-2.

A SCHEME of Officers and Workmen for the Establishment; of His Majesty's \rards at Gibraltar and Halifax.

Commissioner - - l

Clerk to Commissioner - - 1

Storekeeper - - - I

Clerk to D° - - I

Master Shipwright l

Clerk to I)° - - I

Mailer Attendant- - I

Working Foreman of Shipwrights l

Shipwrights, to be also Caulkers - 16

Working Foreman of House Carpenters - I

House Carpenters - - 3

Working Foreman of Smiths - - 1

Smiths - - 3

Working Foreman of Saihnakers - 1

Sawyers - - 2

Labourers - - 10

Watchmen - - 6

Gate Porter - - 1

Cabin Keeper - 1

(No. 6.)—Copy of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 10th March 1S02, for placing the Foremen of Shipwrights, including those called Foremen afloat, and Foremen of new Work, on a footing with the Mailer Boat* Builders.

Admiralty Office, 10th March 1802* Gentlemen,

His Majesty having been pleased to direct, by His Order in Courted of the 3d infiant, that the Foremen of Shipwrights, including thofr called Foremen afloat, and Foremen of the new work, be placed up0® the lame Establiliunent in regard to pay, and he considered on the fame footing with the Master Boat-Builders and the Master Matt-Makers; we do, in pursuance of His Majesty's Order in Council afore-mentioned, a copy whereof we enclose for your fuller information) hereby desire and direct you to cause the Foremen of Shipwright^ including those called Foremen afloat, and Foremen oi the newwoik, to bfc accordingly placed on the fa^oe Establishment, in regard to Pa5j

43 Geo. 111. Appendix. 1155

and to be considered on the fame footing with the Matter Boat-Builders and the Mailer Matt Makers; you are further to caul’e the said allowance of pay to commence from the 25th of this initant.

We are

Your attestinnate Friends,

Vincent.

T. Trou I) ridge.

Navy Board. J* Adams.

(No. 7.)—-Copy of an ORDER from the Lords C'ommissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 8th Augnit 1802, enforcing the duties of the Committees composed of the Members of that Board.

4 Admiralty Ollice, 8th August 1802.

Gentlemen,

Whereas His Majesty's Order in Council, dated the Sth June 1796, has been pleated to direct, That the Commissioners of the Navy, in-ttead of preliding over dittind departments, should be formed into Committees, and that the bufmels be lb divided as to admit of competent Officers being placed in each branch, pohelhiig time and opportunity to examine, digett, and conduct the parts allotted to them: And whereas by our Older, dated the 17th August 179b, grounded on His Majesty’s laid Order of Council, you ha\e been formed into the three following Committees; viz.

A Committee of Corrofpondenc.c;

A Coimniltee of Accounts; and,

A Committee of Mores:

And whereas, notwithstanding the di reel ions above-mentioned, it appears by your Letter to our Secretary, dated the 4th initant, that Certificates for Stores deli\ered into, and for Works performed in 1 lis Majesty’s Dock Yards, are not examined by any Committee of your Board, previous to Bills being made out fur their payment; but that the examination is entrusted to the Clerks of the Ollice for Bills and Accounts, for the purpose of ascertaining only whether they are made out agreeably to the terms of the Contract or Warrant relating to them, and that no wrong computations are made in any article, contidenng the responsibility in respect to the quantity of Stores deli-xered from time to time into His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and also to their quality, to remain with the Officers on the spot, whole Certificates, under the examination above-mentioned, are the only documents by which you are governed' in respectt to the making out Bills for payment:

And whereas from the Reports which have been made to us by you, it appears that frauds to a considerable amount have been committed on the Public, determined by persons either belonging to, or connected with His JN! a jetty's Dock Yards, which, by a due attention on the part of the said Committees to the directions contained in His Ma-jeliy’s Order in Council before referred to, might in a great degree have been prevented; we do hereby desire and direct that the respective Committees do, in future, examine with all dm* diligence and attention, not only whether the Bills and Accounts which may hereafter he laid before them, for Stores delivered into, or for Works performed in his Ylttjeliy’s Dock Yards, are made out agreeably to the terms of the Contracts or Warrants relating to timm. but also how far the public Service may have required the luouk of such Stores, or Works to he performed, to the extent mentioned in the said Accounts or Certificates, and to consider thciideives relpon/ible, not only that the quantities of Stores delivered into I lis Majesty’s Dock Yards are necessary for the service of the said Dock Yards respectively, but that the prices at which they may he charged are such as may be realbimble anil proper; and that they do also adopt such means as mav lie practicable for the pnrpof* oi ascertaini ig with prension, the qualities of the Stores lo delivered into, and the natu.e and extent of all such Works as may in fu ture he pci formed in IJ is Majesty's Dock Y anls, previously to any Bills being made out for payment of the amount thereof:

In rale any doubts ttiould remain on the mind of the respective Committees on any points which may tall under their consideration, it is not however to be underttood that they are to be precluded from taking the advice and opinion of the Board at large, whenever Inch dcca/iiMi may arise ns may render such advice and opinion necessary.

We are

Your affectionate Friends,

Sf Vincent•

T. Troubridge,

Navy Board. J. Markham.

(No. 8.)—Copy, of an ORDER from the Lords Committloners of die Admiralty to the Navy Board, relative to the Receipt, Management, and Cunverlion of Timber; dated 23d September 1802.

Admiralty Ottice, 23d September 1802.

Gentlemen,

Whereas we have judged it expedient that further Regulations shall it etiabliiLed, in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, with respect to the Re-

ceipt, Management, and Convertton of Timber delivered into the said Dock Yards; we fend you herewith Drafts of Instructions to the Officers described in the margin, * for their guidance and direction on that important subject, and do hereby dettre and direct you to cause the Regulations therein contained to be punctually observed in future by the Officers concerned in the management of the Timber in Ills Majesty’s said Dock Yards accordingly.

Append i:

(No. 73.

2 90 "jit nil

continued.

Mailer Shlpwrij Clei k of the Lh Stoickrep-r.

'l imber Mailer,

v

Navy Board.

We are

Your uttediunate Fiiends,

Php St evens. * IV. Eliot.

T. Troubridge.

INSTRUCTIONS to the Master Shipwright respecting the Management of Timber.

1. He is to propose to the Commissioner, for the approbation of the Navy Board, or to the Navy Board where there may not be a Coin-rnittioner, any one of his Ailittants who, from his talents and experience, may appear to him the bell qualified io be employed in the management and convertton of Timber, who, while employed in the execution of this important branch of duty, is to be liyled Timber Mutter.

2. lie is to recommend to the Uefident Commissioner, where there is one, but if not, to the Navy Board, the particular Aflittant to wlu>m he willies to entrust the management and conveiiion of'l imber; and such Aflittant being approved of, he is to notify the same to the Clerk of the Cheque and Storekeeper, in order that the former may let down the wages oi the persons employed in this branch of service, according to the Statement which he will receive from the 'l imber Matter, and * that the latter may deliver the Stores required for this branch of the public Service according to the demand and l’election of the Timber Matter, and receive from him such articles as lie may recommit to his charge.

3. He is to charge the Timber Matter with the entire management* of Timber, that is to say, every species of W ood received as materials into the Dock Yard, giving no orders himi’elf respecting this branch of Service but through that ottice.

4. He is with the approbation of the Commissioner, where there is one, hut if not, of the Navy Board, to put under the orders of the Timber Mailer, fuel) Labourers, Sawyers, Workmen, Artificers, Quartermen, and even Foremen, as he may requ< ft for the carrying on the duty entrutted to him, unless he fees any l’peciiic reasons which may preponderate to the contrary; and whenever the Timber Matter, for the purpose of recording the urgency of the demand for more attittanre, may think it necessary to make his requett in writing, the Matter Shipwright is, by a written answer, to record his reasons for refilling the uttittance required; and whenever he may fee sufficient ground for refilling the Timber Mailer the attitiance of the particular individuals he may have asked for, he is to ttale the particular Services in which he deems it expedient to employ each individual respectively in preference.

5. lie is to allot for the (lowage of Timber as much space in tl*e Yhird as can be spared from other ules.

6. He is to give Inttrudimis to the Attittants, Matter Workmen,

' Quartennen, or others, charged with the immediate direction of particular works, or branches of business of any kind, for which Timber may be wanted, that they are not to abieut thennelvcb from their work in lbarch of materials, but that the leledion oi every article of Timber tiled in the several works is in future to rett with the Timber Matter, and the persons employed under him; that, during the pro-grcls of the work committed to their charge, they are to give an account to the Timber Matter of the exact dimensions of every piece of Timber, as soon as the demand for it can be foreseen. That they are to furnitti him with such moulds and bevellings as may be nccel-la rv to describe the several lhapes of the conversions required, in order that the Timber Matter may have due time to leled the Timber most suitable to the purpose required, and that the Officer charged with each work on which Timber has been employed, is daily to iign a Receipt, prepared by the Storekeeper, in which is to be inserted every article of Timber, with its value, which, in the course of the preceding day, had been issued from the Store for the work to be performed.

7. He is likewise to inttrud the schordinate Officers having the direction of the several branches of workmanship, such as Malt-making, Boat-building, House-carpentry, Joinery, Top-making, Capttan-making, &c,; to furnish the Timber Matter with an account of the various conversions for which they have each of them a frequent demand, specifying the probable number of each article which they are likely to have occatton for in the course of each ensuing quarter: and that, instead of demanding Timber, Plank, &c. in the rough ttate as heretofore, they should, in all cases wherein it may be possible, describe the articles wanted in their converted ttate, in order that the Timber Matter may satisfy their demands as far as possible oyt of the store of petty comerttcuts.

1156

Appendix.

A. 1803.

.ppendix,

Nro. 73-) 29°

contrived.

8. If after the Timber Matter ttiould have provided a piece of Timber for any purpose, the Officer charged with the direction of the work for which it may be intended to be applied, should consider it, either on account ot original icantinels of convertion, or from any defect fiibfc-questly discovered, as unfit for its intended purpose, he is to refute to receive it according to its appropriation; and if, notwithstanding the objection ttated, the Timber Matter ttiould refute to convert a lccond piece, the Otticer charged with the execution of the work is to refer to the Matter Shipwright for his dccilion. But in all inch cases the Otticer is, in writing, to notify to the Timber Matter the objections to the Timber provided.

9. For the purpose, however, of preventing any material delay to the Service, on account of a difference of opinion between the Otticer charged with the direction of any work, and the 'l imber Matter, which delay might he iucreated in consequence of the absence or other avocations of the Matter Shipwright, he is to cause it to be understood, that whenever the Officers charged with the direction of the work shall, notwithstanding the reinonttrance of the Timber Matter, fee fuf-licient reason to perfilt in demanding that another piece should be provided, the Timber Matter, on such repetition of the demand, is to be directed to comply with such demand immediately, as the Otticer making such demand w ill in this case be considered responsible for the propriety of it.

10. lie is to report as soon as pottible to the Commissioner, where there is one, and it not to the Navy Board, every representation which the 1 imber Matter may make respecting any part of the duty entrusted to him, accompanied by such observations as be may judge nccettary, fluting therein how far his ow n opinion agrees or disagrees with that of the Timber Matter.

11. lor the purpose of inducing the several Officers charged with the direction of the ditterent works to co-operate with the Timber Matter in the introduction of proper ecconomy in the application of materials under their icfpeetive management, the Matter Shipwright is to let it be understood, that, although the credit of the good management of limber will, generally speaking, attach chiefly to the Timber Mailer, yet that whenever any Officer charged with the application of limber, shall have, adopted in the way of improvement on former practice, such crconomical expedients as are within his competency, or shall have proposed any laintary expedient for this purpose to his Superiors, any zeal or ingenuity of his, which may by that means be brought to light, will not tail of engaging the attention and approbation oi hib Superiors.

12. lie is to examine the Accounts of the Timber Matter as often as lie may think it necessary, in order to enable him to certify, at any time when called upon for that purpose, that those Accounts have been kept with accuracy, and that the management of the business under the Timber Mutter has been crcohomical and judicious, more particularly with regard to the receipt of Timber. For although the deciding at the time of the receipt, whether each Article be or be not o! the proper quality described in the Contract or Warrant is left entirely to the judgment of the'Timber Matter, nevertheless, after the 1 imber has been received, and reported to the Navy Board, the Matter Shipwright is to take tome opportunity on the following day, or whenever it may heft suit him (previously to the 'l imber being piled up and Covered trom inspection) to examine whether it be found and agreeable to ContraCl, and of a proper quality; or, if there be any allow able defeCU, whether abatement made by the'Timber Matter in consequence has been adequate or not; as in case the Timber Matter should be found, either in the receipt of Timber or in any other respect, to have abused the confidence placed in him, the Matter Shipwright will also be considered as highly culpable for not having taken measures to bring to light the misconductof this subordinate, who had been selected by him for lb important a duty,

13. In case it should appear to the Matter Shipwright that any other of his Atfittants should be better qualified for the management of Timber than the Attistant he had before entrusted with it, or whenever it may ap)>ear ’that the services of that Officer could be more ad-van Ugeously employed in any other branch of duty, lie is to look upon it as incumbent upon bun to recommend to the Commissioner, or to the Navy Board, where there is no Commissioner, to the making such change, and the employing lbnie other Attistant in the management of Timber in his stead; and on being approved of, to give notice to the Clerk of the Cheque and Storekeeper accordingly.

INSTRUCTIONS to the Clerk of the Cheque, resetting the Management of Timber.

i. On receiving notice from the Matter Shipwright of the name of the Aflittant to be entrust<*d with the management ot 'Timber (who, while f© employed, is to be callttl Timber Matter) he is forthwith to communicate with him, and to continue to do so from time to time, on all business relative to the execution of the duties of las Department, unless occatton ttiould ariie in which it may be neeellaiy for him to have recourse to the Matter Shipwright.

*1. On receiving notice from the Timber Matter of the number of subordinate Officers, Artificers, Labourers, and others, employed under inai, he is to take such measures, either by Cheque Calls or otherwise,

as (without impeding the Work) may enable him to after la'n and certify whether the everal per lb ns above defenbed are actually employed at the places and in the Cervices pointed out to them.

3. I le is, on notice from the 'Timber Matter, to lend a Clerk, chosen each day by lot, or by Tome uncertain mode of {election, to attend to the measurement and receipt of all articles of Timber; to wit-neis whether the measurement be made according to the terms of the Contract, and according to the directions of the Navy Board; and, whenever lie shall have doubts of the competency of his Clerk to execute this service, he is also to attend himself; but the Measurement and Receipt of Timber is in no case to be delayed from the want of his attendance, unless he should think proper to make a requisition ia writing to the'Timber Matter, specifying his reasons for requiring that the Receipt or the Removal of any particular articles should b« poltponed.

4. Me is not to consider himself as having any authority to prevent the incafuring or receipt of Timber in any manner which the Timber Matter may think proper; but he is to be careful to report to the Commissioner (where there is one) and to the Navy Board, all cases in which the Timber Matter may appear to him to have measured or received the Timber differently from the terms of the Contract or Warrant, by which the Receipt of it was authorized.

5. lie is to see that at the time of receiving any Timber, his Clerk lills up the several columns of the printed Form furuished for this purpose, one for each denomination of'limber; betides which, at the time of beginning each Receipt, there is to be written across the columns, the Name of the Contractor, the date of the Contract, the Name of the Purveyor; and, at the conclutton of each Receipt, there is to be added the day of the month, and the signature of his Clerk; he is then to take a prelfed copy of this Account, and to fend the original the fame day to the Commissioner’s Office, w here there is a Conmutt fioner, and otherwise, directly to the Navy Board.

6. Me is occuttonally to visit the Saw-Pits, and, having informed hirnlelf of the particulars of the measurement of the Sawyer’s Work taken by the Timber Matter at one or more of the Saw-Pits, he is to cause the W orks to be again measured in his presence, and to report, on the fame day, to the Commissioner (where there is one) and to the Navy Board w here there is no Commissioner how far his measure* ment agrees with that of the 'Timber Matter.

7. As he will be furnished with a copy of the Instructions to the several Officers respeding the management of'Timber, he is to avail himself of every opportunity that may offer of ascertaining whether the several Officers conform to their respective luftrudions; and, is case he should observe any instance of departure from them, he is to report the fame immediately to the Commissioner (where there is one) and to the Navy Board.

INSTRUCTIONS to the Storek eeper, respecting Timber.

1. Me is to consider himself as charged with the keeping in fate custody all Timber; that is to say, Wood of every denomination and description, whether rough or converted, which shall have been or may hereafter be received into the Dock Yard; and to consider it in his charge until he is (lifebarged by a Receipt from feme other person to whom he is authorized to issue it.

*2. On receiving notice from the Matter Shipwright of the name of the A {lift ant to be entrusted with the management of Timber (who while so employed, is to be called Timber Matter) he is to communicate with him from time to time in all cases which have relation to this species of Store, and to afford him every facility in the due execution of the duty committed to his care.

3. On receiving notice from the Timber Matter, that any Timber is^midy for measurement and receipt, lie is to attend himself, or to fend Tome subordinate person on whom he can depend, to witness the measurement of each piece as made by the Timber Matter, or to measure it himself, ttiould he fee occasion so to do; but the meaic.re* ment and the receipt of Timber is not to be delayed from his non-attendance, unless it be in cases where he may have reason to make a requisition to the Timber Matter in writing for that purpose.

4. On receipt of Timber, he is to fill up on the spot the several columns of the printed Forms prepared for that purpose, and at the time of beginning each Receipt, to write across the columns the Names of the Contractor and the Purveyor, and the date of the Contract; and at the end of each Receipt, be is to add the date of the year, and day of the month, and the signature of his Clerk; he is then to take a pressed copy of this Account, and to fend the origin the fame day to the Commissioner, where there is one, and other*ii® di redly to the Navy Board.

5. Me is to allow the Timber Matter to stow the Timber in manner as he may think fit, and from time to time to take itawa) or conversion; but he is to require a daily Receipt from the 1 imber Matter lor all Timber so taken within the day, specifying the dittin gnithing number and year of each Log, according to the printed Form-

6. Me is daily to require from the Timber Matter, an Accounts all Timber Converlions which he may have made in the courseof day, and also a Receipt specitying each article, according to the prin Form furuished iqr this pffrpose; and having taken a pressed copy

43 Geo. III.

1157

Appendix.

each Receipt, be is to fend such Copies on the fame clay to the Commissioner, where there is one, and, it’n«»t. directly to the Navy Board.

7. He is to ifiite all Articles of Timber, according to the demands of the Officers reflectively chai ned by the Matter Shipwright with the direction of the several Works; but, as the lelection and conversion thereof is entrulled to the Timber Matter, be is to consider that Officer as the one who is to fix upon the particular pieces the most fit to be issued on each demand.

8. He is daily to cause to be made out, agreeably to the printed Form provided for that purpose, an Account of the several Articles of Timber delivered in the course of the day, for the me of each Ship or other work, separately, specifying the cubic contents of each conversion; and, in the inliance of every piece of principal conversion, to note the diitmgmshing number and year, of the I.og from which it was converted; to each of those daily Accounts he is to require the signature of the Officer charged with the particular Work to which the Timber is to be applied, which is to he considerccl as an acknowledgment of the receipt of the Articles therein enumerated; he is also to require the signature of the Timber Maher to each of iliefe Receipts, to prove that the {election of the several Articles had been made according to his 1 niiructions; he is to cat fe a pretied copy to be taken of these Accounts, and to fend the kune to the Commissioner, where there is one, but. if not, directly to the Navy Board..

■ 9. He is to consider all inclosm es mmH for the flowing of Timber* such as Deal Yarns. Pounds and Plank Sheds, as under his charge, in order that he may be enabled to lecurc m them all such Stores and Converlions, as from the ir value or portability, m v la* most in danger of being taken away, and he is to keep und»-r cout Inch Articles as seem particularly liable to injury1 horn expoluic to tun and rain.

10. For the purpose of afiiiring him in the care of the several Articles of Timber flowed in Inclosurcs, or oiherwiJe, at the different parts of the Yard, he is to demand from the Mailer Shipwright a List of all Fuch Quartermen, Workmen, Labourers, and others, who are of good character, but incapabLe from infirmity of earning by manual labour the wages allowed to persons in their respective classes, and having selected individually fuun that Lifl such persons as he may from time to time think necessary for his assistance in carrying these Regulations into effect, he is to apply to the Navy Board, that these persons may be put entirely under his direction, and that they may be accordingly taken from under the Mailer Shipwright, and be allowed such wages as the Navy Board may think proper, in consideration of the trust repo fed in him.

INSTRUCTIONS to the Timber Master.

1. He is to consider the appropriation and conversion of all Timber brought into the Dock Yard, as under his management and direction; that is to say, every article of Wood used as a material in Works carrying on in the Dock Yard to which he belongs. That his duty extends to the direction of the landing the Timber at the Dock Yaid, and to the appropriation and delivery of each piece in a converted Rate, and fawn as nearly as possible to its intended lhape, looking on the Storekeeper, however, to be charged with the fate custody of every article of this as of every species of Store, until lie shall have obtained a Receipt for it from the proper Officer.

*2. He is from time to time to demand from the Master Shipwright, in wriliner, as many fubnrdinatc Persons of the different descriptious, viz. Labourers, Sawyers, Shipwrights, and other Artificers, us also Quartermen, or even Foremen, as he may find necessary for the carrying on his duty, fixing on thofo whole personal qualifications may he befit suited to afford him the ulfilhince required; and, if the Master Shipwright shall object to the fefevhon, he is to look out (brand apply for others, until he can he satisfied: in like manner, when any of the Persons employed under him shall iq.poar to be unfit for this particular Lranch of Service, he is to u-turn them to the Mailer Shipwright.

3. lie is from time to time to apply for as many I lories as may appear necessary, for the performance of any part of the business of his Department which car; be done at a cheaper rate by Horses than manual labour alone.

4. lie is to demand of the Storekeeper all such Implements anil other Articles of Store as may be nec< diary for the carrying on his lufincis, and to fgn a Receipt daily for all Articles received within the day, i'pecifving the quantity, rate, and value, as well as the uie for which such Articles arc wanted, according to the printed Form prepared for this purpose.

5. He is to keep a daily Account of tjhe manner in which all the different persons under ills direction have boon employed, noting those in all cases of abfience or n:ifi)ciiavioi.r, that Notes for their Wages may be made out accordingly, fubprt always to such deductions as may be made at the Cheque Office in consequence of their not having imfwered their call.

6. He is to make out and transmit to the Office of the Clerk of the Cheque, weekly, an Account of the Wages duo to the several Foremen, Quartermen, Artificers, Sawyers, Labourers, and others, that may be employed under his direction, specifying the Work they have been Jseverally employed upon, noting in the Account of Sawyer 5 work, the

VOL. 58.

particulars of the work performed by each pair of Sawyers, describing it by the distinguishing numbers and year of each piece of Timber which they have cut. These Weekly Accounts ere to be kept according to the printed Form furnished for that purpose, and a prelied copy to be given into the Matter Shipwright's Office.

7, For the purpose of making out the Weekly Statement of Pay due ( to the Sawyers, he is to continue, till further Orders, to me afore the Sawyers Work conformably to the prefer.t practice, and to make the fame proportionate allowances for the different kinds of work as are at present established; but he is to be careful at the same time to measure exactly, with regard to each conversion, the real number of* feet cut by the law, and to note it according to the? printed Form.

8. O11 the arrival of a cargo of Timber, he is, as soon as it can be prepared for mcjfuremeni, to give notice to the Clerk of the Cheque and Storekeeper, as also to the Contraftor or his Agent, if on the spot, of the exact time at which the Timber will be ready for measurement, carding such Notice to be delivered, if possible, on the preceding evening, but at any rate not IeL than two hours before the time fixed upon lor the Receipt of the said Timber, in order that these Officers may come themselves, or depute their respective subordinate Officers, either to witness his measurement of the Timber, or to measure it themselves, as they may each of them think proper; but neither the measurement of the Timber, nor its subsequent removal from the'

AVbarf, is to be delayed on account of the ab fence of thele Officers, or of the Contractor, unless it be in confluence of a particular requi-fition for that purpose from one or other of them in writing. ‘

9. On the receipt of Timber, he is, till further Orders, to rejee! every piece that is not ftrfetly conformable, in all respects, to the terms of the Contract or Warrant in which it is served in.

10. At the time of mtaluring each piece of Timber, whenever the customary mode of measurement be such as that the quantity of the contents would be influenced by the degree of accuracy with which the measuring places are dubbed flat, he is not to trust to his eye, but to apply the straight edge of a batter or rule to ascertain the flutness, and to cause any inaccuracy to be corrected before the measurement be made; he is also, in cases where required that the squares should bear a certain proportion to the wanes, not to trust to his eye, but to mea-lure the several squares and their respective wanes, to ascertain their proportional dimensions.

11. He is to observe the same Rules and the accuracy in the Measurement and Receipt of all Timber font in from the King's Fprefts, as areobserved in respect to Timber received from Merchants.

1*2. Immediately on the receipt of each piece of Timber, he is to cause adistinguishing number, and date of the year in which it is received, to be marked upon it by a stamp or otherwise, in such manner as to remain legible. Thele distinguishing numbers to begin at N° 1. on the first piece received after the commencement of the year, and to goon progressively in respect to each species of Timber by itself, till the cud of the year will (lieu* the total number of pieces of that denomination which have been received into ft ore in the course of that year.

13. lie is, at the time cf receiving the Timber, to fill up the several columns of the printed Forms prepared for that purpose, one for each, denomination of Timber; betides which, previously to the beginning of each Receipt, he is to write across the columns the name of the Contractor, the date of the Contract, and the name of the Purveyor; and at the conclusion of each Receipt to add the day of the month, and his own signature, or if a subordinate Officer, (who attended the Receipt in his (lead) to direct him to do the fame. Such Articles of Timber, for the Receipt of which new Forms are not furnished, are to be received and taken account of according to the Forms at present in use.

Appendi

(No. 73

2 9° 7um

continued

14. With regard to Timber, respecting which ho can decide at the time of Receipt for what use it is particularly applicable, he is to note it as a remark at the time of Receipt; and afterwards to enter the piece by its distinguishing Number in a separate Book, under its particular head, so that by means of this Lift it may be immediately known where to find the several pieces applicable to each of the purposes specified; but with regard to all such pieces, particularly Oak, as are applicable to a variety of purposes, according as the demand may arile, and for which in that Account the use to which hereafter it may become expedient to apply them cannot be determined at the time of Receipt, he is to cause drawings of all such pieces to be made in a Book furnished for that purpose, under the title of Description Book, in such manner as to exhibit the curvature of each piece, and its dimensions at different parts, as also the knots and other defedh; by which description, at the time of conversion, he may be enabled to select each piece for the use to which it may be most suitable without lols of time and labour of examining the Piles, and of canting and applying a mould successively to a number of pieces, before the one most suitable in ftiape and dimensions can be found.

15. lie is to cause the several denominations of Timber to be stowed in separate Biiths, and to be subdivided into as many jditferent assort-monts as the lpaec in the Yard allotted for this purpose will admit of, fixing up a distinguishing number for each Pile, so that on the Receipt of each demand, he may always be enabled, by means of his Fwegjfter,

>pendix, *0. 73.) f Junii,

cntinvcd.

j

r

r.

j

1158

Appendix. A. 1803-

ta fix upon the individual piece the mod suitable for the purpose required; and that the Storekeeper, at the time of survey, may with the greated eaie count o*er the several pieces, and note their distinguishing numbers and years. In those Dock Yards where there are Locks under water for the depositof Mail and Fir Timber, he is in like manner to causedistinguishing Numbers to be put on the several Locks.

16. He is, as foun as possible after the Receipt of any Timber, to cause it to be flowed away, according to the assortment to which it belongs, and to give immediate notice to the Storekeeper of the place where each piece is to be found, that he may enter it accordingly in his Register.

17. With regard to the flock of Timber which was in (lore previous to the id of January 1802, he is, as loon as possible, to take an Account of the whole of it, and to register in a separate Rook for each denomination of Timber, all the particulars which are discernable as marked on each Log, noting therein such observations as he may be able to make of its quality; but instead of the old progressive Number, he is to mark a new Number on each piece, beginning with No. 1. and continuing the new Number progressively through the whole flock of Timber of each denomination; and as loon as he has completed each successive page of theie. several Reg liters, he is to cause a pressed Copy of that page to be delivered to the Commissioner, if there is one; but, if not, to be forwarded by him to the Navy Board.

The fame printed Form, furnished for the registering the Timber to be received in future, may be made to lerve for the regiftenng the present Stock, leaving blank in each instance those columns for the filling up of which no date can be obtained.

lb. lie is to pay particular attention to the diminishing as much as possible the expence of unloading the Tauber, hacking it, and removing it to and from the Pits; taking into consideration the wear and tear of Cranes, Carriages, Ropes, Chains, and other Implements, and Stores actually made use of, or which might be introduced for the performance of these mechanical operations.

19. On the receipt of a demand for Conversions for immediate use, he is to cause the piece required to be converted forthwith, so that no hindrance to the Works may take place in consequence of delay on his part; but, where the demands are for Conversions not wanted for forae length of time, as in the case of building new Ships, or of under-taking great repairs, he is from time to time to apply to the Mailer Shipwright for Indruftions respecting the period at which the Timber will be wanted, Hating at the same time any reasons he may have for poflponing or hastening the compliance with any particular demand.

20. He is to consult with the several Officers who have the immediate superintendence of the different branches of business for which Timber may be wanted, for the purpose of collecting from th© fulled information they may be able to furnish of the several petty conversions for which they are likely to have occasion, in order that, by having descriptions of all the conversions wanted for all purposes that can be foreseen, he may be enabled to convert immediately to the heft advantage every part of each Log, before it is removed from the Saw-pit.

21. In cases where, after making the principal conversion of a Log, he cannot determine immediately to what ul’es it may be proper to convert the remaining parts, although they may may be too valuable to be put away with the oflal, or if the pressure of more important business obliges him to pofipone their conversion, he is then to mark the remaining parts with the fame distinguishing number and year that was marked on the entire Log, and lay them by for future conversion.

22. He is to mark every Article of principal conversion with the distinguishing number and year of the piece from which it was converted.

, 23. With regard to such parts of each Log as are cut off in the course of conversion, and which, from their smallness or defective quality, seem unfit for converting by the saw into any of the Articles contained in his Lid of Petty Conversions, he is to cause such pieces to be removed from the Pits, and to be Hacked for sale by the fathom, in such situation as the Mailer Shipwright may approve of; but for the collecting and Hacking this Offal Timber, he is to employ l'ome one on whom he can depend, with Indruftions to select out of it, and set apart all such pieces as may be lit to be i'plit into Treenails, Wedges, or any other small articles which it may appear advantageous to make in the Dock Yard, rather than to purchase them by Contract; and in order that the advantage (should there be any) arising from the manufacturing of such small articles out of the Otfal may be apparent, he is to be careful to ascertain the expence of manufacturing a given quantity of each fort, that it may be compared with the coll of procuring the fame quantity by other means.

24. He is, in the management of his conversion, not to content himself with the bringing to use the greatest possible proportion of the fubdance of each piece of Timber, so that the loss by offal and deficit may appear by the Regider to be very small, but he is also to keep in mind the difference in value of the principal and petty conversions according to the edabliffied rate, so that by bringing as large a portion as possible of the piece into the principal and more valuable conversions, the total value of the conversions shall come out as great as possible in proportion to that of the rough Log, for the shewing of which proportion a column is provided in the Regider.

25. If any piece of Timber which lie had appropriated to a particular purpose should be rejected, and a demand made for another piece in its dead, and if, notwithstanding such second demand, he should continue to look upon the piece he had at fird appropriated as a proper one; or if, on the occasion of a fird demand, he should think the want capable of being satisfied in a manner more (Economical than that described by the term of the demand, he is in such cases toconsider it as his duty to return the demand to the Officer who made it, accompanied with his observations Qn it; and, unless in cales of particular urgency, he is not to consider himself as under any obligation to comply with any demands which may appear to him improper, unless it may be in consequence of written orders from the Mailer Shipwright.

In cales however of veal urgency, where the referring to the Mader Shipwright might occasion a delay, which, to the Officer charged with the direction of the Work should appear inadmissible, he is, upon receiving a repetition of a demand from any such Officer, requiring an immediate compliance with it, to conform forthwith to the drift terms of the demand, as in that case the Officer by whom it has been made will Hand alone responsible for the propriety of it.

26. He is daily to sign a Receipt, presented to him on the part of the Storekeeper, for all the Timber he has taken for conversion in the course of the day, specifying the distinguishing Number and Year of each Article, according to the printed Form furnished for this purpose.

27. He is to keep a daily Account of all the Conversions he makes, according to the printed Form furnished for this purpose.

28. He is to deliver daily, into the charge of the Storekeeper, all the conversions, petty as well as principal, as soon as they can be taken an account of, and to require his Receipt for the fame.

29. He is also to keep a Register of all Timber of each denomination in a separate Book, taking care that the several columns be Med up as soon as the information which they are respectively designed to contain, can, according to the nature of the case, be collected from the daily Accounts, or be obtained by calculation.

30. He is not only to consider himself responsible for the purveying,

measuring* qualifying, and receiving the Timber conformably to these 1

Regulations, or to such additional Indruftions as he may from time to I

time receive from his superiors, but whenever he may Have occasion

to observe that the terms of the Contract by which the Timber is f

pm chafed, or the terms of his lndruftion by which it is received, should occasion the receipt of Timber either inferior in quality, or more codly in price, compared to Timber of any other description I

which in his opinion might be procured by other means, and be applicable to the fame purposes, he is also to consider it as his duty to date any such observations to the Master Shipwright, in writing,

together with his ideas of the means of remedying any such imperfec-

tinns in future, who is thereupon to deliver it to the Commissioner* 1

where there is one, or otherwise to transmit it to the Navy Board.

31. All former Warrants and Indruftions respecting the manage-

ment of Timber are to be considered as no longer in force; and therefore, in all cases where doubts may arise, and explanations may feera \

necessary, he is immediately to date to the Mader Shipwright the case 1

for which further Indruftions appear wanting, and to continue to use his own discretion until he diall receive them. Nevertheless, while the present Contrafts remain uncompleted, all the Orders considered as explanatory of the conditions of those Contrafts are to remain likewise,

in force.

32. Although it is evident that no one individual can himself fee

to the performance of all the details of duty confided by these Instruc-

tions to the Timber Mader, nevertliehfs the Officer charged with this duty should be sensible, that as the persons subordinate to him will be of his own selection, and as it will depend upon him to give them whatever detailed Indruftions he may think proper, the blame of any bad management (though it may appear to arise from their neglect or unlkilfulness) will always fall heavily upon him, more especially if he should have omitted any opportunity of bringing to light the mifeou-dust of his subordinates.

33. Lastly, he will do well to bear in mind, that at the end of every

year, the total Expence incurred in his Department, together with the total quantity of Work done by those employed in it (as described by the total number of loads of Timber received and converted within the year) will be Compared with the corresponding Articles of Expence incurred, and effect produced, in each of the other of His Majestys j

Dock Yards; and that, notwithstanding the proportion of effect to cell may no doubt be influenced by local circumstances, independently of any exertions on his part, the making of such a companion, with due allowance for such local circumstances, cannot fail of throwing light on his merit or demerit. j

(No. 9.) Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated the 19th February 1803 ? for establishing a Department for the better execution of the Duties appertaining to Navy Contrafts.

Gentlemen, Admiralty Office, 19th February 1803.

His Majesty having been plealed, by His Order in Council of the 3^ instant, to direct that a separate and difliuft Department should be edabliffied for the better execution of the duties appertaining to Navy

T Contrafts*

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

1159

Contracts, to consist of a Principal Clerk who should be a pei son of integrity, experience, and ability, and an Alliitant; and that the said Principal Clerk should be allowed a salary of Three Hundred Pounds per annum, and the Assistance Clerk One Hundred and Fifty Pounds, making together the Sum of Four Hundred and Fifty Pounds per annum; from which, after deducting One Hundred and Sixty Pounds, the amount of the salaries of the two Clerks proposed to be reduced in the Secretary’s Office, for the purpose of forming this arrangement, an increase of expence will be occasioned to the Public of Two Hundred and Ninety Pounds per annum, which said expence is to be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy; we fend you herew ith a Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council aforementioned for your fuller information; and do hereby desire and direct you, in pursuance thereof, to cause the Establishment therein authorized to be adopted, and carried into execution, and the lame to commence from Ihe date hereof.

We are

Your affectionate Friends,

Sf Vincent,

J. Markham. tV. Garthjliorc.

At the Court at the Queen's House, the 3d of February 1803.

P refen t,

The KING’S Most Excellent Majesty in Council.

Whereas there was this day read at the Board, a Memorial from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 2d instant, in the words following; viz.

" May it please Your Majesty,

" The Commissioners of Your Majesty's Navy having represented M to us, that the buUneis of the Contract Branch under their direction and management, has, in proportion with other branches of c< service, been very much increased of late, and that at this time,

44 owing to the numerous Contracts to be entered into for Your 44 Majesty's Service, it is become unusually heavy; that the draw-" ing up the Navy Contracts is a very complicated business, and u requires the talents of an experienced, able, and active Clerk, who u should polfefs a thorough knowledge of the peculiar and important u duties thereof; and that it appears to them to be expedient that €e a separate and diliinct Department should be established for the u better execution of the duties appertaining to this important €C branch of service, to consist of a Principal Clerk, who should be a person of integrity, experience, and ability, and an Assistance, who, * from the peculiar duty of this Department, it will be necessary 4C regularly to instruct and train up, that in the event of sickness, " or other unavoidable absence of the Firil Clerk, he may be enabled <c to carry on those duties which wrould thereby devolve to him.

4< And the said Corvimissioners having at the same time proposed 4< that the Eltublishment above-mentioned may be formed from the " Clerks now employed in the Secretary's Office (one of whom, 41 having for many years aflitted in the Contract Branch, is fully " competent thereto) by w’hich two of those now entertained therein " at a salary of £. 80. a year each, would be struck off from the <l Efta'olilUment of that Department; we have taken the proposi-tion of the Navy Board into our consideration, and being of " opinion that the arrangement fuggofted will be beneficial to your Majesty’s Service, do most humbly propose that it may be carried " into effect; the said Establitlunent to consist of a Principal or First

Clerk, at a salary of Three Hundred Poutids per annum, and an Assistance at One Hundred and Fifty per annum, horn which de-duel ing One Hundred and Sixty Pounds, the amount of the falaiies 44 of the two Clerks proposed to be reduced will occasion an ifa-" crease of expence to the Public of Two Hundred and Ninety 46 Pounds per annum, and that the fame be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of Your Majesty's Navy/'

His Majesty taking the said Memorial into consideration, is pleased, by and with the advice of His Privy Council, to approve thereof, and to order as it is hereby Ordered, That the Establishment therein proposed to consist of a Principal or First Clerk, and an Assistant, at the salaries therein mentioned, be carried into effect; and that the expence thereof be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy: And the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are to give the necessary directions herein accordingly.

W. Fawkener.

(Signed)

To the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy.

By command of their Lordships. (Signed)

Evan Nepean.

T. Troubridge. J. Adanu.

J. Markham.

(No. 10.) Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for increasing the Salaries of the Clerks in the Victualling Department at Gibraltar; dated the 4th May 1803.

BY the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c. &c.

Whereas His Majesty hath been pleased, by His Order in Council of the 19th of January last, in consideration of the distressed situation of the Clerks to your Agent at Gibraltar, occasioned by the inadequacy of their present salaries when compared with the very high price paid by them for every necessary of life, to order that the following Salaries be hereafter established and allowed to the said Clerks; viz.

To the Principal Clerk, a Salary of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds per annum in time of War, and Two Hundred Pounds in Peace; To the Second Clerk a Salary of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds in time of War, and One Hundred Pounds in Peace; and.

To the Extra Clerk (so long as his services may be necessary) a Salary of One Hundred Pounds per annum;

Such Salaries to be paid to them free of all deductions, and to be considered to be in full compensation for their services respectively, the lame to commence from the time your said Agent's Salary was last increased, and to be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy; We do hereby require and direct you to allow the Clerks employed under your Agent at Gibraltar, the Salaries above-mentioned accordingly, free of all deductions, for the time the said Agent's Salary was last increased, directing the latter strictly to enjoin his said Clerks not to demand or receive any Fee or Emolument whatsoever for the execution of the duties of their respective stations.

Given under our hands this 4th day of May 1803.

1160

Appendix.

A. 1803.

RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 22d of March 1803, for—u \ " INCREASE or DI M I N U T I O N has taken place in the Number, and in the Amount of " Expencf.s of the PUBLIC 01' FIC ES in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 180*2."

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what the Salaries, Emoluments, and

OFFICES*.

Chief Secretary's Office, Civil Department

Council Office -• ......

Treasury ......

Auditor General -Teller of the Exchequer -Customs

Excise ......

Stamp Omci: ......

ost Office - -

Board of Works -

Directors General of Inland Navigation, &c.

Commissioners of Accounts -

Commissioners for Reduction of t:ie Nation a Debt ——

Commissioners of Compensations in consequenc of the Union -

Co M M ISS l O N E R S O V LOTT F. RIFS

Surveyor General of Crum n Lands -

Chief Secretary's Office, Military Department

Cheque -Quarter-Master General’s Department -Barrack Department - - - -

Commissariat - -

Army Medical Board and Hospital Staff Comptroller of Army Accounts

Keeper of the Privy Seal Clerk of the Pells

Board of First Fruits -

1

Trustees of the Linen Manufacture Commissioners for Widening Streets in Dublin k Register of Deeds Public Coal Yards, Dublin Public Coal Yards, Cork - -

1801.

t Increase. I

1 1 d. 1

615 n 6

485 8 *J

170

730 3 9

aoo

357 18 s\

ill 13 3*

1 12 n

£ 146 19 9

S -

s -

140. — 9

256 13 E 7

- 6,495 18 —

- -

Diminution.

£■ s. d.

,781 12 51

553 8 5i

180a.

Increase.

£■ s.

85-----

Diminution.

2,404 a

3 4&

610 — 5

2,‘293 5 —

878 l u|

309 1 8

198 14 11A 8811

10 8 2}

240 15 S

£ s. d. 647 1* 7 U045 4 3i

810 1 1J

405-----

5,825 8 —J

232 10 1}

94 9 7

Nil.

L

Chief Secretary’s Office, Dublin Castle,

27th June 1 So3. 3

9,713

Nil.

5,669 4

Nil.

U350 7 7

43 u 6J 5,534 13 * 64 10 6

1,02$ 4 9I

3,339 8

1,300-----

26,743 11 8£ 4,182 10 9

Nil.

5 11 h

52,318 4 7

A. MARS DEN.

APPENDIX.

Chief Secretary’s Office, in Ireland, Civil Department.—Dublin Castle, 30th March 1803.—An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number, and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Civil Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

1801.

Salaries - - None in Number or Amount Emoluments; viz. Fees on Official Orders Evacuees; viz. Disbursements by Office Keeper for Coals, Candles, and various Necessarirs -

MefffiiiMTs Bills -

£■ *• d-

*9 5 7i

None

None

1801.

- 709 10 6 - - . 1,010 18 7

1*02.

Salaries - - - \ ——

Emoluments - - None ——

Expemrrs - -- - 2*27 16 7

MriVeuiiers Bills * 103 5 6

None -

N one -None -

1802. ___

1 - 979 14

A. Murfden.

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1161

Council Omen—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution hath taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Council Office in Ireland, for the years 1S01 and 1802*

Increase in 1801. Increase in 1802. [ Deereafe in 1801. Deereafe in 1802.

Salaries * Emoluments Expences . £*• t. 552 8 5$ £‘ d. *.o+5 4 3j

May 31ft 1803. Clifden*

Treasury.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the % Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Treasury in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

1801. 1801.

To the number of Salaries - None.

To the Amount oi Salaries £.400 per annum, being £.200 to the Chief Clerk and Clerk of the Minutes granted to him in lieu of Emoluments, which would this year have produced -and £. 200 to the Revenue Clerk. - - * £. 248. 6. Diminution in Emoluments*

To Emoluments ----- None. To Incidents ----- £.500. 0. 0.

N. B. There are not any Emoluments received by the Treasury Officers, since the above arrangement.

1802. 1802.

None. —— None.

Treasury Chambers,)

61I1 April 1803. } €r* Cavendi/h,

A uditor Gr.vF.it \i.*s Office.—An ACCOUNT, (liewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Auditor General's Office in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

Years. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. Years. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

1801 - - - 1802 - _ — £■ *. d. 485 8 *1 — , 1S01 * - -1802 - - - £. s. d. 847 *3 4 £■ «• d. 15 * 3l 23 91I

Roden, Audf Gen1.

Teller of the Exchequer Office.-* An ACCOUNT*, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Tellers Office* in the Treasury of Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802*

INCREASE. - - ■-* - — »■ ■«' — DIMINUTION.

In Number of Salaries In Amount of Salaries In Emoluments ta Expences - lSOK - - - ■* - No Increase - - - No Increase - - No Increase - - No Expences in this Office* 1801. One Salary of £. 85 per annum, which was paid out of the Voluntary Contributions, has ceased along with that Fund. No Diminution, except as above. No Diminution.

In Number of Salaries In Amount of Salaries In Emoluments In Expences. n 1802. - No Increase - - No Increase - - No Increase 1802. ? No Diminutiom. -No Diminution. No'Diminution. rp. r*

April 27th 1803, - JW Neviii, Tr E#.

Vol. 58.

i$R

Append

(No. 74

4* Ju/it

continued

Appendix

A. 1803*

1162

ppendix, ~ — ~

No. 74.) Customs—An ACCOUNT, flic wing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number ond in the Amount of the

Salaries, emoluments, and Expences in the Custom Department of the Revenue of Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1 So’.

:tmtitiucd. Number of Officers. Amount of Salaries. Emoluments; Expences; viz. Charge of Management.

Increase. ) Diminution. Increase. Diminution. ( Increase Diminution.j < Increase. A Diminution.

\ 1 ( Dublin Port, Total - - - 8 1 £. s. d. 390 £■ s- d. 220

1S01 ( 1 Out-Ports ——

1 I k Difference (ince 1800 - - | 7 — 170 ——

1 ' 1 r Dublin Port, Total - - - 7 — 2,515 — 1,000 — — —

1802 ( Out-Ports - 23 3 1,238 — 459 »5 — - — — -»

1 | Total - - -) C Dublin and Out-Ports - j 30 3 3,753 1,459 15 ——

Difference since 1801 - - 27 — 2,‘293 5 — —* ——

Increase of 1801 - - - 7 — 170 ——

Total for the two years 3+ 2,463 5 - —

Custom-House, Dublin, )

30th April 1803. j J. E. Madden, for the Secretary.

Excise.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, in the Excite, for the years 1801 and 1802.

tr u Number of Officers. Amount of Salaries. /\ Emoluments. Expences; viz. Charge of Management.

G 4/ >> r increase. Diminution. r Increase. 1 Diminution. Inc reale. i 1 Diminution. r Increase. j Diminution.

£. s. d. £■ s. d.

I /-Dublin Excise, Total - 2 — 915 3 9 ——

1801 I Out-Districts - 1 — 185 ——

1 I V-Difference fmee 1800 - -I 1 — 730 3 9 ——

Dublin Excise, Total - —

1802 ( 1 Out Dill rids - 2 — 405 ——

1 I Total -i - -1 ^Dublin and Out-Districts - $ — 2 — 405 — — — 1 —

Difference since 1801 - - — 2 — 4°5 — * — — —

Increase of 1801 - - - - 1 — 73° 3 9 ——

Total for the two years — 1 325 3 9 ——

Excise Office, Dublin, 7

6th >day 1803. j George Waller, Acting Secretary.

Stamp Orricfc, Dublin—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the'Number and the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, with respect to the Stamp Revenue, for the years 1801 andi8o2; dminguithing . each year as they (land on the Establishment.

OFFICES.

Secretary -

I irft Clerk in Secretary's Office -Second Ditto, Clerk of Poltage, «N:c. - -

Third Ditto -

1 irft C lerk in Receiver General's Office ——

Second Ditto -Third Ditto -

1801.

Increase.

Salary.

4/ —

c

c -£

Emoluments.

G

O

Diminution.

Salary.

- 4> -G

- C -

Emoluments.

4,

G

O

18 02.

Increase.

Salary.

£■ *• d.

200 -

100-----

30-----

15-----

150-----

40-----

15-----

Emoluments.

Diminution.

Salary.

Fmoluinents.

d.

310 4 T

103

8 —

103 8 —

Appendix*

1163

43 Geo. III.

Stamp Office—continued, '

’ OFFICES. .... 1801. 1803.

r Increase. Diminution. f Increase.: ■s Diminution. C.

Salary. Emoluments. Salary. Emoluments. Salary; Emoluments. Salary.! Emoluments;

— £. *. ff. £■ *■ d.

150 - - - - 88 5 6

rirft Clerk in the Comptrollers

Office - - 40 - - - _ - 15 a 6

25

First Clerk in the Warehouse of

—■ Stamped Goods - 40 — — — _ 59 3 —

Second Ditto - - *• - 15 —

— Clerk of the Securities 20 9 - — _ j.

Inspector of Law Courts in Dublin 30 - - ,

■ - Ditto - - Ditto - - Cork - - * 15 . ~ - —. i

Warehousekeeper of Unstamped

" Goods ----- 35 _ -r

— Inspector of Dies and Plates - . - - - - . - * - 25 _ — - -

Teller of Stamps - - c - 0 O e 0 - - c - 0 - a 0 * 40 - - - — 40 IO

Teller-in ----- - Z- - £ db - X. - Z — 35 - - 41 3 6

— Mehenger - - 20 - 23 11 9

Watchman 20 - - 23 11 9

- ( Allowed his \ £■

1 Bills of Cost. j; 100 —

- Supervisor of Stampers 30 1 - - - A - 9118 —

— Affiihmt Ditto, and Inspecfor of 1

- Inliiranee C0a - 20 - - - 42 5 3

Packer ----- 20 — *— - - 39 12 —

— Inipedor General of Stamp Duties - - a. - - - m 200 —

First Inspector of Ditto 100 — —

Twenty-rive Stampers im 20 each. - - .23 11 9$each;

1 £■ 1,440 £■ 1,00515 —j

34 Stampers more - * £.20 - 480 566 3 —

1,920 — 1,571 18 -

1,57.1 18 —j

* '/■ Increase - - " 3+8 1 lij \

• I*

i"*

j'

r

StA>tp Ornct, Huiiux-An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences with respect to the Stamp Revenue, for the years 1801 and 1802; distinguishing each year, as they Hand oh the Establishment.

An Account, shewing the Increase in the number of Officers, for j the years 1801 and 1802. An Account, shewing the Diminution in the number of Officers, for the years 1801 and 1802.

Year 1801. Office. Salary. Two Inspectors of Stamp Dutiee - * - * £acxo each Year 1801* Distributor of Stamped Goods for the Town of Claremorris. Ditto - - - Ditto - - - Town of Kelrufh. Ditto - - - Ditto - - - Town of Hillsborough.

Year 1802. Five Stampers - - £• 45* each A Distributor for the Town of Donegal, in County Donegal -A Ditto - - - Tandtaragee, County of Armagh -Assistance Teller of Stamps - 55. Register of Warrants ----- 100. Inspector of Duty upon Hats ----- 150. Year 1802* Distributor of Stamped Goods for the Town of Thurles. Ditto - * Ditto * * - Town of Tipperary*

The Emoluments of the different Officers were a consideration for their attendance in Extra hours, which were discohtinned as soon as their Salaries were raffed, and additional Stampers appointed.

The Inspectors of Stamp Duties are allowed One Guinea per diem Travelling Charges, when out on actual Duty; such allowance in no case to exceed Two Hundred Pounds a year.

April 7th 1803. t 1801. 1809. FT. Howard* ’ Ricfid Pennefather.

Two Infjpe&oTs, each X. 100. * * - - . - - £. 200. Net Increase, (as above) * * * ‘ ‘ jC*34® i*J

■ Five Stampers, each £. 45. - * Affiffaat Teller, Regffler, and Inspector - - 225 — — * - 305 —

Total Increase * £87® 1 11$

Appendi (No 74 4° Wit

continued

1164

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Post-Office.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has takenj>lace in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the General Post-Otfice of Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802*

Salaries, including 7 Pott-riding - - j

Emoluments

Expences

1801.

Increase.

Diminution.

1802.

Increase.

£■ <■ d.

1,399 1 8

Diminution.

£. *.

878 6 2

Gf34 3 i

Gener.il Prtft-Onicp, Dublin, April joth 1803.

(^Ofthis Increase £. 878. 6s. 2d. is occasioned by an Allowance made to the Clerks of the Roads, by Order of Government, m compensation for Losses sustained by them in the decrealed cir-I culation of Irish Newspapers, in consequeuce ol‘ the Cniou; an { Allowance of £.iSi. 10 s. lor Hire of two Wherries and two

I Row-boats for landing and dispatching the Engliik Mail*, for Three Quarters; £. 18. 4 s. for Two Quarters Salary to Matthew Young, a superannuated Letter Carrier, and iundry new l oft U Towns, amounting to £. 321. 1$. Gd.

{This Diminution in the Emoluments of Clerk3 of the Roads, as above dated.

This Diminution arises from an Allowance having been made to John Anderson, Mail-coach Contractor, in compenfution for Lofi'es sustained by him in conveying the Mails during the Rebellion, included in the Account of Incidents for the Quarter ended 5th July 1801, by order of Government; and also by increased Bills of Cost, for prosecutions of Mail Robbers in the year 1801.

H. Stewart, Acc* Gen*.

Board of Works.*—An ACCOU NT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Board of Works in Ireland, for the year 1802.

Salaries -

John Behan, Measurer - -

Leonard Spear, Supervisor 7 of Accounts - - - 3

RobT Robinson, Clerk and 7 Ais1 Secretary - -}

Rd Mc Parhind, Overseer 7 Works Parham1 Jloufe -J

James Kinfley, Caretaker of Ditto -

J. Stephens, for lighting 7 Lamps of Dublin Gallic \

‘A

Emoluments

f Rob* Jephto! Lodging j Ilorfe -Allowances j Wm Broome, (. Riding IIo

Rob* Jephfon, Master of'

Maher of the House

Office Expences

Increase. Diminution. Date of Orders of Government.

'£. s. i.

,y5 - - - 31ft Decemr 1801

,50 . ... 31ft Decern1 1801

112 lo' — Per Annum: £. s. d. 31ft Match 1802 V

‘ ' 60 > 15th April 1802

« - - 29 11 6 )

- - 306 7th August 1802

1 OO )

r - * 17th March 1803

IOO •v

47 3 2 * . - . -

Dublin, ") 3th April 1803. 3

Observations.

f Calculated upon an average of the Emoluments £ of this Employment for the lait seven years.

The Duties of these Employments were executed by the Officers of the Barrack Department, when the Board of Works was attached to that Department previous to the 5 th January 1802, butfeparated from this date, pursuant to Order . of Government, ^3 ill December 180-1.

C These Employments ceased upon the Governor* } and Company of the Bank of Ireland becom* £ ing the Purchasers of the Parliament Hoilfe.

This business is now executed by ContrafL

None.

(For Loss of Apartments in Dublin Cafclc, ap l propriated to other purposes.

f This Increase arose from new Books and St3-< tionary, required on separating the Board ot £ Works from the Barrack Department.

R. Robinson, pro S*c. Leonard Spear, Supr of Acc*.

the

To Captain Daniel Corneille, Engineer, from the 12th of May -

Agreement with Daniel Monks, Engineer, from the 10th of November* while conducting the repairs of the Tyrone Navigation -■ Increase of Salary to John Sloane, Keeper of the River Lock at Newry, commencing the 17th November -

James Seavight, Clerk to the Conductors of the Newry Navigation, for his extraordinary trouble, for one year -

Contingent Account for Advertisements, Postage, Coals, Stationary, &c. -

nces of this Office, in the years 1801 and 180®.

1801. l80-2.

Increase. 1 Diminution. r Increase. Diminution.

£. d. £. *. £. s.. d. ~~lj-1

296 11 3

273 15 0

2 10 0

22 15 0 —

197 9 4

1

, Y'-\

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1165

Navigation-Office—continued. 1801. /\ 1802. Appendu

( Increase.; \ Diminution. r Increase. 1 Diminution.

By the difiniflal of Henry Walker, Engineer, to whom no Successor has been To Mary Hanlon, Housemaid to the Board, from the 12th of May Arthur Whittell, Secretary and Clerk to the Local Superinlendants of the Tyrone Navigation, commencing the 23d August 1802 -Thomas Jolmlion, appointed Treasurer to the Tyrone Navigation, 26th * August 1802 - - 7 % - George Babe, Keeper of the Sea Lock at Fathom, on the Newry Naviga-*' tion, Gratuity for extra trouble for one year - - " Contingent Account for Adveftilements, Poiiage, Coals, Stationary, &c. - 11 1 1 11 II 1 1 1 II 1 II £. s. d 435 1 10i, £. s. d. 20 0 0 30 O O 60 O O 5 0 0 83 14 ni 4 £. ^s. d. continued.

The Board of Directors General of Inland Navigation not having been constituted until late in the year 1800, the contingent Account for 1800 embraces a period of no more than three months, whereas that of 1801 compriles the entire year; this accounts for the apparent Excess m that year. The Increase in 180*2 was chiefly occasioned by the Advertisements respecting Works to be executed. The Allowances to the Engineers are Hated as for the whole year; the actual Payments took place only from the time of their appointments.

By order of the Directors.

William Gregory* Secretary,

7

Account-Office.—An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Account-Office in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

1801. 1802.

( 1 { \

Increase. Diminution. 1 Increase. Diminution. \

In the Number of Salaries - - £. s. d. £. s. d. £• *• d. £. s. d.

In the Amount of Salaries - - 16 0 3 - - - 7 10 0

In Ehioluineius - — —

In Expences. under the Head of 67 10

Allowances - - - 9 o> 00

Extra Cieiks - - - 10 15 °h - 70 id 6 ■

Taxes * - - - - 1 3 4 4 5 0 —

Incidental Charges - * * 19 10 7 " - 59 8 10

There has been no Increase in the Number of Salaries, as no new Officer has been appointed, or additional Salary granted, within the period of this Return.

The Increase in the Amount of Salaries in the year 1801, arose from the Account being obliged, by Order of Government, to be closed on the ^th of January 1802 imiead of the 25th of December 1801, on which the year ended, thereby adding eleven days Salary to each Officer.

The Decrcaie id’Salaries in the year 1802, arose from a ltoppage of £. 7. 10s. from one Officer on account of non-attendance.

No Emolument oi any kind received at this Office.

The Increase of Allowances in the year 1801, arose from allowing a superannuated Officer one Guinea per week, and eleven days additional Allowance from 25th December 1801 to 5th January 180*2.

The great Increase for Extra Clerks 111 1802, arose from fun dry very laborious Accounts being ordered by the House of Commons, and his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, in that year*

Dublin, Account-Office, )

4th May 1803. J Robt Langri/he, SecV

Commissioners for ?», eduction of National Df.rt Office.—R ET U R N to the Order of the Iloufe of Commons of the 22d March

1803, from the Office of the Commissioners for Reducing the National Debt in Ireland.

Sir, Sinking Fund Office, 1 April 1803.

According to your Directions to the Commissioners for Reducing the National Debt, handing a Copy of an Order of the House of Commons of 22d March ;—Viz.

" That there be laid before this House, an Account, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in th*

" Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Public Offices in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802 —

I have the honour to inform you, that in their Office there are not any Emoluments; and that neither Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries for the years 1801 and 1802. In the Stationary and Incidental Charges for the year 1801, there was an Increase of £. 1. 12. 1 above the year 1800 j and for the year 1802, of £. 10. 8. 2 J. above the year 1801.

I have the honour to be, with great respect, Sir,

Your moll obedient and very humble Servant,

A. Marfden, Esq. Jcr. Vickers> Secretary.

ijrf

1

i J

Office of Commissioners for Compensation.—An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the years 1801 and 1802.

: f 1801. j 1802.

- r Increase. E Diminution. r Increase. 1 Diminution.

Annual Salaries - £. s. d. I £. «. d. 1,200 O 9

Emoluments - — — 1 — —

Expences - 146 19 9 1 - 150 7 7

The Diminution of Salaries in 1802, was owing to the resignation of Doctor Duigenan, one of the Commissioners, whose Office has not been since filled.

The Expences cf 1801 included the whole year, but the Expences of 1800 were only for half a year, the Board having been instituted in

the Summer of 1800.

The Diminution of Expences in 1802, was in the Articles of Law Expences, Printing, and Stationary.

By Order of the Commissioners,

11th April 1803. # ' N Danl S«crL

Vol. 58.

1166 Appendix. . 1S03.

appendix,

T . Commissioners Office of Claims of Suffering Loyalists.—>An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken

INo* 74.) place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of the Commissioners appointed to

0 j y. enquire into the Losses sustained by Loyalists in the late Rebellion in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

continued.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

1801, Nohe. 1.801. In the Number of Salaries ----- None. In Amount of Salaries ----- None. In Emoluments ----- None. In Amount of Expences attending the iffiiing of Commissions to the Country, for the investigation of Claims before the Magistrates, pursuant to Act of Parliament; in the Expence of employing Ar-* chitefts to inspect Buildings; and in other incidental Expences of the Commission - - - * £. 2,404. 2. *1*

1802. To the Number of Salaries - None. To the Amount of Salaries ----- None. To Emoluments ----- None. 1802.

To Expences ----- ^.240. 15. 8. N. B. The-e are not any Emoluments received by the Officers in this Department. The Increase to the Expences in this year was occasioned by the iffiiing of additional Commissions to the Magistrates to investigate — -None. ■> ■

Claims in the Country, and by the Payment of Architects employed to inspect Buildings, &c. &c.

Dublin, 7 Richard Carter, SecL

20th April 1803. 3

j Commissioners Office of Paving, &c. In Dublin.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in

; x the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Office of the Corporation for Paving, &c« tht

Y Streets of the City of Dublin, for the years 1801 and 1802.

• N O Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Office

, of the Corporation for Paving, &c. the Streets of the City of Dublin, in the years 1801 and 1802, except in the case of Gratuities and

Allowances given to Officers, which fiuftuate according to the merit or demerit of the respective Officers to whom they are granted; but the ’ total Amount of the annual Average varies very little: The cfrablished Paymenc of Salaries to Officers in 1801 was £. 15. 8. 10. less than

in the preceding year: the established Payment of Salaries to Officers in 1802 was £.5. 2. 4. more than the former year. The Amount of; Gratuities in 1801 exceeded the former year in the l’um of £. 11. 18. 5J.; the Amount for 1802 was less than the preceding year in tht

j iuxn of X. 4-S" 13* 10 J.

I Paving-House, 7

23d April 1803. 3

j: Commissioners of I/Otteuies.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Lottery Department

• in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802,

1801. 1802.

( Increase. 1 Diminution. ( Increase. 1 Diminution.

Salaries ----- "0 (« 1 ^, £• s. d. 2,710 0 0

Emoluments - - None ——

•Expences ----- 610 0 5 - - - 2,824 13 8

Total - - - - 610 0 5 - - 5,53413 8

Signed by Order,

IV. J. Homan, SecL

N

N. B.—The Diminution in 1802 was owing to the discontinuance of Lotteries in Ireland.

Signed by Order,

Rob* Deey, Sec?.

Surveyor General of Crown Lands Office.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place ifc the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the years 1801 and 1802.

Number of Salaries. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

i 1801. \ 1802. r 1801. 1 1802. i 1801. > 1802. f 1801. 1802.

No Increase No Increase No Increase No Increase Increase: Decrease:

or or or or £• *. d. £■ '■ d. Nil. Nil.

Diminution*. Diminution. i Diminution. Diminuton. 140—9 64 10 6

Dublin Castle, Surveyor General of Lands, &c. Office, \ Richard Underwood,

Aprjj 13th 1803. j pCpjr $urvyr General Lands, &c.

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1167

Chief Secretary's Office: Military Department.—Dublin Cattle, May, 1803.—An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Military Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for the years 1801 and 180*2.

1 1801.

' Increase. 1 Decrease.

Number. 2 Salaries i * x . £■ *■ 331 7 ~ £■ *■ d.

- - Emoluments - - Expences; viz. Distwrfements by Office-Keeper, for Coals, Candles, and various necessaries - - * - C None ever | received. . m £ M * 74 3

1802.

None - Salaries *--*- None.

* - - Emoluments ----- * - Expences \ viz. Disbursements by Office-Keeper, for Coals, Candles, and various necessaries - - - a - f None ever \ received. 94 9 7 —

Appendix,

(No. 74.) 4*

continued.

E. B. Lit tic hates.

Muster-Master General and Clerk of the CHEQUE.-^-An ACCO UNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution ha3 taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Mutter-Matter General and Clerk of the Cheque's Office in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

THERE has been no alteration in the Number, in the Amount of Salaries and Expences, or in the Offices and Clerks of the Mutter-Matter General's Department, during the years 1801 and 1802.

N. B. The Mutter-Matter General defrays the Salaries of his Clerks, and all Expences of his Office.

- V In the year ended at C The Mutter-Matter General's Fees have decreased - - - a * 24th December 1801. £ The Deputy Mutter-Matter General's Fees have also decreased * 117 115 $. A. 3 4 9f

- Total «* - 1801 - - j 232 10 1$

In the year ended at f The Mutter-Matter General's Fees have suffered a further Diminution of 24th December 1802. £ And the Deputy Mutter-Matter General’s Fees have decreased - m 743 283 2 u 1 10$

y Total - - 1802 - - £. 1,026 4 9$

X 15uft.r-Master General’s Office, Dublin Castle, ? 15th April 1803. J Muster-Mr G®1 and Clerk of the Cheqne,

Quarter Master General's Department.—An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Quarter Mailer General's Department in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802. '

For the year 1801; viz. on 24th December 1801. For the year 1802; viz. on 24th December 1802. Number of

i Number of Officers. v ( r Number of Officers. 1 \ Officers Discharged. X Difference.

Quarter Matter General - _ £■ *. d. 1,968 15 — £• *• d. 1,968 15. — - £. *. d.

Depnty Quarter Matter General ... - - 960 - - 635 - 325 — —

Eight Assistant Quarter Matter Generals 8 3,880 19 — 2 866 11 — ‘ 3,014 8 —

Cradock, Qr Mr Gen\

..V

Appendix, (No. 74.)

4* 7"M> continued.

1168 Appendix* A. 1803,

Barrack Department.'—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Office Expences of the Barrack Department in Ireland, for the year 1801.

Increase. Diminution. Date of Government's Order.

Salaries of Officers £■ *• <i. £. s. d. -

Salaries of Barrack- 7 Matters - - - j 6.495 »8 — - - - lith March 1801

Emoluments

Office Expences ——

OBSERVATIONS.

None*

"The great Increase apparent in this year (of the Salaries of Barrack Matters, which, in 1800, amounted only to £.5,350. 155. arole from the necelfity of subdividing the extensive Barrack Districts of Ireland, the assimilating the Barrack Matters of this Country with Officers of that description in Great Britain by a new arrangement of Marquis Cornwallis's, while Lord Lieutenant General, and adopting the principle of paying them a daily rate proportionate to their indilpeniible Duties, taking from them any interested advantage in J _ the keeping up and repairing the Bedding and Furniture kept for S the accommodation of His Majesty’s Forces, at an average Allowance to Barrack Mailers of £. 5,930. 12 s. 1 Id. per annum from the Public, out of which Barrack Mailers made what profit they could: this was found, by experience, inadequate to the purpose; open to much fraud, by tempting Individuals to deviate the greater part of this Allowance to their private emolument, be-Tides being a source of constant dilTatisfaction to the Troops; in times of exertion, highly injurious to the King's Service; and, finally, more expensive to the Nation than the actual by item.

None.

None.

Barrack Office, 7 Kat! Stickland, Assist1 Supr of Acc".

2 -id April 1803. )

Barrack Department.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Office Expences, of the Barrack Department in Ireland, for the year 1802.

j Increase. Diminution. Date of Government’s Order. OBSERVATIO N S.

Salaries of Officers £• s. d. None.

Salaries of Barrack Matters - - - 1,300 - - C This Diminution took place progressively, on the temporary £ Barracks being surrendered in the course of the year 1802.

Emoluments None.

Office Expences - None.

Barrack Office,7 22d April 1803. 3 Kat1 Sticlcland, Assist1 Supr of Acc*.

OffiCE of Comptroller of Army Accounts.—ACCOUNT of the Increase or Diminution in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Commissariat, in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802.

OFFICERS. Amount of Salaries, &c. on 24th Dec. 1801, per annum. Amount of Salaries, &c. on 24th Dec. 1802, per annum. Increase. Diminution. Total Decrease.

£■ 5. d. £. «. d. . S. (/.

Commissary General 2,290 2,290 —

Depr Com* General 769 3 4 - - 769 3 4

A<ttg Depy Cornr General - 454 H 7 454 H 7 —

Atfittant Commissaries 2,7‘23 16 3 i,5i3. 4 7 - 1,210 11 8

Storekeepers — — - 4,082 2 8 662 17 33 - - 3,419 5 4-1

Clerks - U533 — 1,231 17 6 - 301 2 6

Office Messenger - - * - 54 15 — 54 15 — —

Corps of Waggoners: •

Commissary’ of Waggons - - 363 9 7 - - - 363 9 7

Deputy Cornroiflaries * 960 5 nf - - 9C0 5 11$

Quarterniatter£ - >.815 17 6 - - 1,815 17 6"

Paymaster and Adjc - - 240 1 5 - - 240 1 5

Veterinary Surgeon - - 151 6 54 - - 151 6 54

Condu&ors - - 2,253 17 6 118 12 6 - 2,135 5 —

Drivers - - 14,096 12 1 197 14 2 - 13,898 17 ll

Artificer® - - *,478 5 — - 1,478 5 —-

Total - - £■ 33,267 7 4 6,523 15 7l - - 26,743 11 84 26,74311

Coramiflary General's Office, 1 Cha‘ Handfidd, Com' Gt-n1-

Dublin, 15th April 1803. J

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1169

Army Medical Board and Hospital.— An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Army Medical Board and Hospital Staff of Ireland, soir the years 1801 and 1802.

BOARD.

diem each -

Surgeon General, at 20/ per diem Director General of Hospitals, at par diem -

Secretary per annum -

STAFF.

Staff' Physician, at 20/ per diem Horse Money, at 3/4 per d®

Lodging Money, at 8/ per week - -

Staff Surgeons, at 15/ per diem each -Horie Money, at 3/4 per d° -

Lodging Money, at 8/ per week - -

Horie Money (to 2 only) at 3/4 per d° Lodging Money, at 8/ per week each -

Hospital Mates, at 7/6 per diem each Lodging Money, at 6/ per w'eek - -

Rent of Board Room, and Offices Stationary and Printing Portage -

Coals and Candles -Contingencies -

Poundage, Hospital, and Pells

For the year 00 0 For the year 1802; £ J| S-ri

VIZ. on the 24th December 1801. on viz. the 24th December 1802. GO O 5

N° of N° of 0 C*

Offirtrs £■ d. £■ *■ Officers. £■ *• £■ '■ d. A

- 35 - - * 365 -

- 305 - * * - - 365 ■* i -

- - 912 10 60 - - - 912 10 — 60 -

1,702 IO 1,702 10

1 365. 1

- - 60 16 8

- - 20 16 — 446 12 8

>4 3,83210 — - 10 2,737 ‘0 — - - 4

- - 851 13 4 - - - 608 6 8 -

- - 291 4 — 4>975 7 4 - - 208 3.553 ‘6 8 -

» 4 730 — 2 3<55 - > 2

- - 121 13 4 " - - 1‘21 13 4 -

- - 83 4- 934 17 4 - - 41 12 — 5*8 5 A -

4

28 3,832 10 — - 17 2,326 17 6 - - 11

- - 436 16 — - - - 265 4 ——

4,269 6 — *,592 1

91 91 u

- 100 22 15 —r - - - 1OO 22 15 — - -

- - *7 1 3 - - - 17 1 3 ——

5° 280 16 3 50 280 16

3

12,609 9 7 - - - * - 8,657 9 9 -

- - 734 4 - - - 50317 5 -

• ‘3.343 17 - - - 9,161 7 2 - -

Difference.

446 fa 8

1,421 10 8

406 12 —

1,677 4 6

3,951 19 10

230 IO 11

4,182 10 9

C. IV. Qui?i, W. Harvey. Geo. Stewart* G. Rtnny.

Append)

(No. 74

4* J

confirmed

Comptroller of Army Accounts Office.—A RETURN, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Comptroller of Army Accounts Office, for the years 1801 and 1802.

Salaries. Emoluments. ! Contingencies. REMARKS.

r Increase. Diminution.

( Increase. 1 Diminution.

N° Amount. N° Amount.

None during the period of this Return. None during the period of this Return. None ever received. One Housemaid at £.24 per annum. — One Housemaid was added in consequence of the Army Accompt Office being removed to a larger House. This circumstance will also cause some increase of Taxes and Contingencies; but, till the year is completed, such Increase cannot be correctly ascertained.

Army Accompt Office, 1 . April 14 th 1803. )

Geo. Napier, Comptr Army Acco.

Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal.—RETURN to the following Order of the House of Commons, so far as it relates to the Office of The Keeper of the Privy Seal of Ireland; viz.

" Ordered, " Martis, 22° die Martii 1803.

<c That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing 44 what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the " Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and " Expences of the Public Offices in Ireland, for the years " 1801 and 1802/'

No Increase or Diminutioiwhas taken place in the Salary, nor any alteration whatever of the Rate or Description of the Emoluments in the Office of The Keeper of the Privy Seal of Ireland; nor have any Expences been incurred therein, during the years 1801 and 1802.

C. W. Flint,

Deputy Keeper of the Privy Seal of Ireland.

Yot. 58,

Office of Clerk of the Pells.—PURSUANT to the following Order of the House of Commons, bearing date the 22d March 1803, " That there belaid before this House, an Account, shewing " what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and " in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the " Public Offices in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802;" I do hereby certify, That no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of the Clerk of the Pells Office, in the years 1801 and 1802.

Dated the 14th April 1803.

IL Standyh,

Dep. Cl. Pells.

13

Appendix

A. 1803

1170

ipendix,

<0. Office of Board of First Fruits.—PURSUANT to the

o .. following Order of the House of Comnious, bearing date the 22d March 1803, " That there be laid before this House an Account, mtinued* " dewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Num-

—-r < ber and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences 44 of the Public Offices in Ireland, for the years 1801 and 1802:* I do hereby certify, That no Increase nor Diminution has taken place in the Number or the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of The Board of First Fruits, in the years 1801 and 1802.

Dated the 6th of April 1803.

Henrj/ Uyton, Secretary.

Linen and Hempen Manufactures—RETURN from the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to the Order of the House of Commons, on the 22d March 1803.

Sir,

In obedience to the Order of the Honourable the House of Commons of the 22d of March last, signified to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, by your Letter of the 31st of said month, I am directed to acquaint you, That " no Increase or 44 Diminution has taken place in the Number or in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the said Institution, 44 for the years 1801 and 1802/'

I have the honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Linen Office, Dublin, 7 James Carry.

18th May 1803. 3

Alexander Marfden, Esq. &c. &c. Ac.

Wide Streets.— RETURN from the Commissioners for making Wide Streets, Ac. in the City of Dublin, to the Order of the House of Commons, on the 22d March 1803.

In obedience to the Order of the Honourable the House of Commons of the 22d of March last, signified to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, determined by your Letter of the 31st of said month, I am directed to acquaint you, That 44 no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the 44 laid Institution, for the years 1801 and 1802/

1 have the honour to be. Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Office of Wide Streets, Dublin, 7 T/to1 Shcrrard,

19th May 1803. 3 SeeL

Alexander Marfden, Esq. Ac. Ac. Ac.

Register of Deeds Office.—Air ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Salaries, Fees, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of Uegifter of Deeds, Ac. Ac. during the years 1801 and 1802.

There has been no alteration whatever in the Salary to the Regift er of Deeds.

The Fees and Emoluments of the Register have been pretty much the fame during the years 1801 and 1S02 as for the year 1800; if any difference, they have been rather on the Increase during the last two years.

The Annual Expences of the Office (borne by the Register) are pretty much the fame, varying only according to the prices and quantities of Stationary, Parchment, Coals, Candles, Ac. and according to the quantity of business done in the Office.

Registers Office, 7 George Moore,

June 10th 1803. 3 Pep* R«gr.

Public Coal Yards of Dublin.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution'has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Public Coal Yards of Dublin, for the years 1801 and 1802.

1801.

OFFICERS.

r Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. Increase. \ Decrease.

1 Director £■ 200 None. £- None. None.

1 Comptroller - IOO None. - None. None*

2 Clerks - 60 None. - None. None.

Rent - 120 —

1802.

1 Director 200 None. - None. None.

1 Comptroller - IOO None. - None. None.

2 Clerks - 60 None. - - None. None.

Rent - * - 120 — —

N. B.—No Increase or Decrease of Salaries since the second year of His present Majesty’s Reign, being the period of the commencement of the Establishment.—No Emoluments nor Expences, the Coals being fold out so as to cover the first Colt, and all Expences (Salaries and Rent excepted.)

Edward Sankey, Director.

Public Coal Yards of Cork.

Sir, Cork, 4th April 1803.

Conformably to your Letter of the first instant, I beg leave to inform you, that for the years 1801 and 1802, no Increase nor DhninutiCR hat taken place in my Office as to Number, Amount of Salaries, Emoluments, nor Expences.

I have the honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Will. Lumfey9

A. Marfden, Esq. Ac. Ac. Ac. Director of the Public Coal Yards, Cork.

Dublin Cattle.

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

1171

Appendi

REPORT from the Select Committee appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenue

4 The SELECT COMMITTEE appointed to consider of the Charge upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenue; and to report the fume, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were inftnnfted to consider of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-second year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Establinmient of an invariable Order in the Payment of Salaries, and other Charges on the Civil Lilt; and of the Plan of the Estabh/hments and Payments of the Civil Lilt Revenues in Claflbs;-----Have proceeded accordingly to ex-

amine the matters referred to them; and have agreed upon the following Report.

The Charge upon the Civil Lilt, for the year ending the 5th of January lait, has been laid before Parliament, by His Majesty's command, in the present Session, and is inserted in the Appendix to this Report. But Your Committee apprehend, that, in order to form any just conclusion as to the probable result in future, it will be ne-celfary to bring together, under one point of view, the Annual Charge during the period which has elapsed since the year 1786; at which time the " Plan of the Civil List Establishments and Payments, drawn " out in Clalfes, and arranging by Estimate the Expence of each " Class, and of each individual Office in each Oafs," in the manner directed by an Act of the twenty-second year of His present Majesty's Reign, was laid before this House in the form at present fublilting. They have therefore extracted from the Report of the Committee on the Civil List Accounts, in the last Parliament, the Statements of Charge as then prepared, and have completed them up to the present time, by incorporating with them the Account of the last year: they have rectified feme mistakes in figures which were noticed in that Report; and have endeavoured to Amplify the arrangement o( the multifarious articles necessarily comprized under the authorized title of Occasional Payments, by clafiing those lor which no specilic estimate wa9 sunned in 1786, under some general heads. It was necessary in the Report of last year, in bringing the Charge of several years together, to preserve the items as stated in the accounts submitted at different periods to the inspection of Parliament, in order that the aggregate might appear to be composed of the proper particulars. But as this introduced the necessity of further explanation in subsequent Tables, as well as led to unnecessary minuteness in many particulars of small amount, Y’our Committee have thought it would tend to a more accurate comparison of the different Charges in different years, as well as to a further understanding of the whole, if the explanatory Tables above mentioned, particularly that of the items comprehended under the head of " Special Service and Royal Bounty" were blended in the general Account, and each particular now referred to its proper head, whether previously stated under it or not. They have accordingly new-modelled this part of the Account; on which arrangement it is only necessary further to observe, that from what has been above flated the general title of Special Service and Royal Bounty will not now correspond with the charge as stated in former years, and particularized iji the book directed by the Act of 1782 to be kept under that title; that, as the Occasional Payments in many items are not, like the other clafies, subject to previous estimate, andftriftly of the nature of Charge, so when the Accounts were laid before the last Parliament the sum of £. 51,679 was stated as having been incurred, but not paid, previous to the 5th January 1802; and that this sum is now incorporated with the Charge of that year, under the proper heads, distin-guished however by a particular mark of reference, as tending unduly to swell the actual charge of that year, though necessary to be taken into the average of the whole.

Having thus explained the mode of stating the Charge upon the Civil Lilt in the Accounts contained in the Appendix, Your Committee have now to submit the opinion which they have been led to form upon them.

It is obvious, in the first place, that, either adverting to the charge of the last year, or taking into the account an average of several preceding, the charge has very considerably exceeded the Estimate formed in 1786, and consequently the Revenue of the Civil List Efla-blishment to which that was adapted. The mode of classification adopted since that period, points immediately to the heads of Expenditure under which that excess is to be traced; and these will be found to be so exclusively those of the third and fourth class, and the Occasional Payments, as to render it necessary at present to advert solely to these, the variation, whether of increase or decrease, in the other classes being so comparatively minute, or so fully explained in the Report of last year, as to call for no particular observation here.

The first of these above referred to, comprizes the regular establishment of the whole Diplomatic body, the charge of which, for the last year, will be found to exceed the Estimate of 1786 by the sum of £919^45* 14^*

It will appear, on inspection of the comparative statement of the Charge of this class, that, during the years of Peace, it has always in foine degree exceeded the Estimate; that the Increase has been pro-grellive, being in the first year above £.4,006, amounting in 1790 to near £. 17,000, and in 1792, the year immediately preceding the late War, to £. 27,000.

This increase is truly stated in the Report of last year to have arilen " partly from some addition to the allowances of many of the Am* " bafiadors upon the usual establishment, but principally from the oc-" cafional appointments of Ministers Plenipotentiary, Envoys Extra-" ordinary, Charges 'des Affaires, and Secretaries of Legation; lor' " must of whom, as being only temporary, no provision was profefiedly u made in the Estimates of 1780;" and it was also observed, that " the rising importance of America since that year, had also confide-" rably increased the charge both in the diplomatic and confuiate " parts of that establishment, of which only the appointment of Con-" ful General was included in that estimate."

In consequence of the late Peace, which occasioned the re-appointment of Ministers to France, Spain, and Holland, the charge in the last year has risen to the amount stated: but, as several of the most con-flderable of these items are taken only for broken parts of the year, and as it may be fotind necesiary hereafter to revive the Diplomatic Relations of this Country, in some form or other, with several of those Powers with whom they have been discontinued, there seems no reason to expect, that if the rates of allowance should continue nearly as in the account of last year, the charge 0/ this class, on a permanent Peace establishment, could be taken at a lower scale, if so low as it actually reached previous to the late War, which, as above noticed, would exceed the estimate by at least£. 27,000.

The next class which attracts attention, from the confulerable excess of Charge above the Estimate, is that which follows, comprizing in the terms of its Title, u the approved Bills of His Majesty's Tradesmen,

" Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied or Work done " for His Majesty's Service," and, in effect, the charge of His Majesty's Household in the several departments of the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, Master of the Horse, and Master of the Robes; and also several miscellaneous articles of quite a different nature, being, the expence of printing Acts of Parliament, of providing Stationary for both Houses of Parliament, and that and other necessaries for the Court of Exchequer, and printing Parliamentary Proceedings for the use of the House of Peers,

Your Committee have preserved the division between these general heads of charge adopted by the Committee of last year, and shall consider the comparison of those heads respectively with the estimate of 1786.

Under the first division, comprizing the charge of the departments in the I loufehold only, the excess of last year, above the Estimate, appears to be no less than £. 91,488. 14*. 2.^. of which Your Committee will proceed to compare the particular items; observing as to the whole (as was stated in the Report of last year) " that for the fix " years previous to the commencement of the late War, the charge " of His Majesty's Househould was, on an average, confined within " the estimate, and that in the highest of those years, it exceeded " it only about £. 7,800. That in the subsequent years a gradual, but " not regular increase, has taken place, which is particularly observ-" able in the year ending the 5th January 1796, and in the three (novf " four) last years."

The first item being that of the Lord Chamberlain’s department, appears to he that in which the largest excess has taken place, having, on the average of the two last years, afriounted to iuft double theefii-rnate of 1786. The Bills paid in this department are known to’comprize not merely those immediately relating to the office of the Lord Chamberlain, but, in consequence of the reform which was adopted in His Majesty’s Household, previous to the year 1786, luchas concern the Wardrobe, the Plate (late Jewel) Office, and the Office of Works; as the accustomed presents of Plate to Ministers going on Foreign emba/Ties are provided by one of the Officers above-mentioned, and as the charge on that account must have been increa/ed in the last year in consequence of new appointments after the conclusion of Peace, the excels of last year over that of the preceding may probably be in great measure accounted for from that circum-llance.

The providing suitable apartments in the Royal Palaces for some of the younger Princes of late years, must also have added considerably to the ordinary charges of the Office of Works, for keeping those and the other Royal Palaces in a proper state of repair, and have consequently swelled the amount of this general head of charge during that period: with a view however to a future Estimate, it may be proper to subjoin a Statement of tfye"average taken from different lumbers of years, tfs far back as it may be thought necessary to recur. It

will

(N°. 7j 8* J

Si

r

1172

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, •No- 75-)

8° ju/ continued.

Will appear from the account that the Charge of this item was on the average of the lull

Two years Three -Tour Five

Six -Seven -

£• 86>367 8->394 ' 78>333 7‘M56

f>8?/45

, If it be coufulered, that the charge in the year previous to the late War, was only £. 53,768. 16s. i^d. which lum it had never before exceeded; and that in two of the subsequrrit years of War, it T il even below that amount, it may perhaps he thought that sufficient allowance w ill be made for the advance of price since that period, if the piobable future expence of this department be etlimated at the rate of the last or lowettof the averages above bated; and Your Committee have some reason to believe, that those who are mofl convei fant with the subject concur in the propriety of that opinion.

I11 the department of the Lord Steward, there appears to have been no increase in the last year to require particular explanation; and by the average taken in the same manner as upon the last article, it will be seen that the only variation, during the fame period, has been between the lum of £. 83,000 and £. 85,000, the charge having been on the average of the lall

Two years ...... £.83,872

Three - - , - - - - 84,-297

Four ...... 85,009

Five ...... 83,927

Six - - , - - - - 83,586

Seven ----- 83,059

The lowed, how'ever, of these sums is so considerably above the eftr mate of 1786, which amounted only to £. 50.000, and which it has exceeded ever since the commencement of the late War, that, considering as before the advance of price upon all the articles of which it is composed, there feoins no ground for suppoling that it can now, upon a limilar consumption, be reduced much below the last and lowest of the averages above dated.

Of the two remaining articles, that of the Mader of the Robes has, on the average of the whole period, lo little exceded the estimate as to require no particular observation (being only the sum of £.277. 135.d) and to warrant the expectation that it may not in future exceed the average of the few last years, there are for the lull

Two years ----- £.2,712

Three ...... 2,676

Four ----- 2,397

Five - ...... 2,305

v Six ...... 2,461

Seven ----- 2,424

On the establishment of the Mader of the ITorfe, a greater difference is observable between the Charge and Estimate ever since the commencement of the late War, but as the advance of price has been, during great part of that period, particularly felt in ^he article of Provender, as well as in the price of Ilorfes and other particulars, which in a great degree is likely to continue, it does not appear probable that the fame establishment can be supported at an expence much below the average of the late years, which appear to be, of the lad

Two years ——

Three ——

- £.29,169

- - - 30,507

Four ----- 29,922

Five ----- 29,106

Six 28,352

Seven ...... 28,130

On the whole of this branch of the class it appears, that, taking the estimate on the several averages of each as above dated, the amount w ould not be less than £. 182,300, which would be an excels above the estimate of £. 64,100.

The second subdivision of this class comprizes articles of a nature quite distind from the former, as has been already dated, principally for Printing and Stationary for the public use, and th^t of the Houses of Parliament. On each of these items there has been some advance, but the only one of magnitude enough to deserve particular notice is that of Printing, &c. which includes that of Acts of Parliament, and Parliamentary Proceedings of all kinds in the House of Peers, and which in the lad year considerably exceeded any of the former, and amounted to the sum of £. 26,494, being an excels of £. 19,494 above the edimate. T he circumstances which occasioned this increase were noticed in the Report of lad year. During the continuance of War,

Acts of Parliament must necessarily be augmented in a great proportion: since the Union with Ireland they have increased dill further and the measur * adopted by Parliament for their promulgation in both parts of the United Kingdom, have been attended with some additional expence; and both these and Parliamentary proceedings ia general, must in all times bear a proportion lo the ex leu lion of public bull neb-.

Your Committee have now* to advert to the lad head, to which they proposed so diced the attention of the lloule, that of Occasional Payments. The amount of these in the lad year appears to have been £.247,192. 12s. for which the estimate of 17^6 proposed only the sum of£. 138,476. 4s. 6d. producing an excels of £. 108,716. 7s. 6d. The particulars of which this account is composed have been so recently under the \ie\v of Parliament, in consequence of the Report of lait year, and are now, as Your Committee trust, arranged in such a manner to facilitate a comparison of the parts with each other, and the general understanding of the whole, that it appears at present only necessary to advert to such as have materially varied in the account of the lad year. T hefe will chiefly be found on the fide of decrease in the contingencies of the Foreign and Home Offices of the Secretaries of State, and in the Presents to Foreign Ministers, as in tht other heads of allowances to Sheriffs, and Extra Extraordinaries to Foreign Ministers; the diminution of Expence in the lad year is rather apparent than teal, that of the former being increased (as above observod) by the addition of what was due when the accounts were laid before the House* and which might with equal propriety have been considered as applicable to the latter. On the fide of lu-crease, the principal articles are those incident to the renewal of Peace, and the negociations connected with it, in the charge of Foreign Messengers, the Equipages and other allowances to Ministers employed abroad, and some addition to the charge of the Police Oflice in Bow-street. It is only necessary to observe further, in order to obviate any iniltake tli.it might arise from the arrangement which has been adopted iq laying before Parliament, in the present year, the account of the charge for Special Service and Royal Bounty, that, in order to form a due comparison with limilar charges in former years, recourse must be had to the detailed Statement comprizing those articles' of charge, as prepared by Your Committee.

On a coulideration of the result of the whole, Your Committee are of opinion, that the Revenue applicable to the charge of the Civil Lilt Expenditure, is become inadequate to the various services which, in the estimate of 1786, it was calculated to meet. That, as this deflcicncy may obvioully be accounted for by the advance of price which has taken place since that period, on all articles ot expenditure in which the establishment of the Iloulehold is concerned, and in the other branches of a more public nature, by necessary additions to various articles of charge, there appears no ground to expect that the fame establishment, intended to be provided for by the estimate in 1786, can be supported in future without foine considerable additional provision; which your Committee beg leave to suggest might be mod conveniently made in the following mode: They are of opinion that it would be expedient, in the fil’d place, that a new Estimate, more adapted to present circumstances, should now be prepared and laid before Parliament; that if this was properly formed on such part of the Fourth Class as respects the Household, it might be reasonably expected that the future charge would be provided for so as to prevent any debt arising upon this head.

They think it might be proper, however, that further regulations should be adopted with respect to the charges comprized in the second subdivision of that class, as well as in the Third Class, and the Occasional Payments, which latter, from the contingent nature of the various particulars included in it, it is less easy to provide for by previous estimate. As all these are, in most of the articles, connected with #the general expenditure of the Country, though by His Majestys prerogative more immediately under His controul, they are of opinion that it might be expedient that they should be submitted annually to the infpodion of Parliament, who would thus be enabled to observe whether any excess above the corrected Estimate had taken place, to examine the causes. and to provide the remedy, either by controuling the expence, or taking measure.s for its discharge. Considering the extreme uncertainty of many of these charges, as well as the ne-ceftity of dileharging them by ready money payments, so as not to intertere with the order intended to be established as to the payment of the other clafl'es, they wish further to submit to the wildoni of the House, how far it might be prudent to provide annually, by a previous vote, such a sum as might enlure these services being provided for as they arise, subject to an Account of Particulars being laid before Parliament in each succeeding Scfiinn, and liable to their controul, as in other cases of the difnofition of Public Money.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1173

LIST;

Appendix (A.)

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated in 1786, and as it was for the year ending January 1803; with the Increase and Decrease thereof. ;■

Account, {hewing the Charge upon the Civil List, for " Salaries to Ministers to Foreign Courts, &c. with the increase and Diminution thereof.

Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List, for u Occafioxlal Payments, &c." with the increase and Diminution thereof. _ _ . r

(D.) Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List, for il Bills of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer, Bills for " Printing,"—and " Bills for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons, &c." with the increase and Decreaie thereof.;

Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List, on account of a Penfioils,"—u Pensions to late MihifterS&t Foreign " Courts,"—and " Coiftpettfations for Loss of Offices, Sec."

Class 1.—The Pensions and Allowances to the lloval Family.

Class 2.—The Salaries of the Chancellor, the Speaker, and the Judges of England and Walt&

Clals 3.—Salaries to Ministers to Foreign Courts.

Class 4.—Approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, &c.

Class 5.—Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household.

Clals 6.—Pension Lift.

Class 7.—Salaries of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

Class 8.—Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the TrCafuiy, (ind Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Account of the Annual Charge of Ills Majesty's Civil List for the last Seventeen Years.

Account of the Charge on the Civil List, for " Occasional Payments," for the last Seventeen Years.

AbiiraCfc of the Charges of the Civil List Establillnnent, for the last Seventeen Years.

(B.)

(C.)

(E.)

(F.)

<G.)

(H.)

(I.)

<K.)

(L.)

(M-)

(N.)

Appendix

(No. 75.)

8° Julii,

continu'd.

(O.)

(P)

(Q)

Appendix (A.)—An ACCOUNT, (liewing the Charge of the CIVIL LIST, as Estimated by the Account laid before Parliament * the 6th. day of July 1786, and tire Charge for the lame, in the year ending the 5th day of January 1803; with the Increase and Decrease thereof.

FIRST CLASS:

Tire Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family:

His Majesty's Privy Purse -

Her Majesty tire Queen -

The Prnce of Wales -

The Duke of York, Prince William, and other Princes The Duke of Cumberland -

The Princess Amelia -

Duke of York - * -

Duehe!s of Cumberland -

Duke of Clarence

1 he Prince of \V ales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge - -

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Common Picas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester; and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales:

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal - -

Speaker of the House of Commons, £.5 a Day Judges of the Court of King's Bench -Judges of the Court of Common Pleas Barons of the Exchequer ——

Chief Justice of Chester -Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales

THIRD CLASS:

Francet

- Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£• 100 a Week - - - -£.5,214

D® - - Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,600

Secretary to the Embatly, 40.9. a Day - - 730

D® - - Extraordinary Disbursements - 400

5 8

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.160 a-Week, j of a Year - -

SecTetary of Embafty, 40 s. a Day -D* - - Extraordinary Disbursements

Minister Plenipotentiary, £. 3 a Day

D°

D®

D#

Spain:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£.100 a Week •- 5,214 5 8

D? Extraordinary Disbursements - - 1,600 -— —-

Secretary to the Embafiy, 40 s. a Day - - 730 — —

P° - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - - 400 —

Envoy Extraordinary and Flenipoteutiary,£<8 a Day -

Borne forward - * - - £.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List: increase: Decrease:

According to the Account laid be tore In the Year coding the In the Yea r ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1803. 5th Janu ary 1S03.

£■ s. d. £■ •- d. £. s. d. £. t. d.

60,000 — 60,000 —

58,000 — 58,000 ——

50,000 — 60,000 10,000 —<

14,500 - ,r 14,500:

9,000 - - - 9,000 —. —

12,000 - - 12,000 — —

12,000 12^000 —

4,000 4,000 —

— 2,500 — — 2,500 —

- 6,000 6,000 —

- 4,000 4,000 ——

203,500 206,500 38,500 — 35>5°°

\ 5,000 — — 5,000 — r 1

1,825 1,120 — - 705 u

8,500 8,425 18 6 - - 74 * d

7,500 7,500 ——

6,500 6,500 — —

730 730 . — —

2,900 2,897 4. 5l - —‘ - i ^2 15

32,955 32,173 2 lij < 781 17 —i

7*944 5 8 * m 6,285 14 3 -

• jr r — m 55o 300 825 > 16 8 7

7.944 5 8 >

- - 2,628 11 4! 5,3*5 *4

15,828 u 4 ,9,689 5 7 Itt tized by 5.3*5 14 Si

Appendix, (No. 75.) 8* JuJii,

continued.

1174

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

THIRD CLAS S ~»conti?tu?cf.

Brought forward -

Portugal:

AmbalTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. s. d.

£. 8 a Day - - - a,920-----

DJ - - Extraordinary’ Disbursements - 400-----

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary’, £. 8 a Day .1)° - - Extraordinary Diibui foments -

Secretary of Legation', £. 1 a Day ——

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary, /V5 a Day - - * -1,825-----

D’ - Extraordinary Dilhurfenicnts - 400-----

Eftiinated Annual Charge of llis Majesty's Civil List.

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£. 9. d.

15,888 n 4

3,-220-----

M'milter Plenipotentiary,./^. 3 a Day D° - Extraordinary’ Diibui laments

Nice:

Vice Consul -i

Naples *.

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,^.8 a Day 2,920 D° - ExUatiiduiary Disbursements - 4Q0

Envoy Extraordinary at £. 5 a Day, J of a Year -D° - Extraordynary DiiOuiicmeols -Envoy Extraordinary and ! 1c nipotuuiary, £. 8 a Day, \ of a Year Secretary of Legation, 1 a Day - . -

Charge ties Ahaiivs -

Florence:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.% a Day 2,020-----

D° - Extraordinary Diibarlemenls - - 400-----

2,225

34O-----

3,32°-----

1,005-----

400-----

In the Year ending the 5th January 1S03.

£■ «• d-10,589 5

2,020 -

400-----

1,°95 — S°o —

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

f. s. "16 8

d.

£- d. 5?3i5 14 3i

Venice:

Resident, £. 3 a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements

Swiss Cantons:

Charge des Affaires -

Constantinople: -

- AmbalTador. £. 3 a Day ...... -

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at £. 100 a Week c Secretary of Embatly, {.2 a Day - ,

Du - - Extraordinary Disbursements -

PI oil and:

■ Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 10 a

Day - - - 3^'°-----

D# - Extraordinary Disbursements - - - i,b.r>° — —

Deputy Conservator at Campve.re - - - 120-----

His Majesty's Agent at Rotterdam - ^48-----

3,320-----

1,495 -

‘250-----

1,093 -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week, j of a Yeip* - _ - - - - ~ "

Vienna:

y Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary’, £.8 a Day 2,020---

D° - Extraordinary.Disbursements.- - t3oo-----r-

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week -' Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a Day - - -- - 7

DJ - x. Additional Allowance - -

,8-5-----

400-----

Brussels:

iWiniTter Plenipotentiary’, {.5 a Day D° - Extraordinary Ditburfeinents

Puiffia:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, ^.8 a Day 2,020-----

D* - Extraordinary Disbursements Goo-----

AmbalTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at £. 160 a Week Dd - . D° ----- U Year Secretary of Legat ion, £. 1 a DaV, 3 a Year -

Secretary of 1.mirally, at £.*i a Day ——

D° - - Li* Extraoitfinary Disbursements' -

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a Day 2,920-----

1)°~ Extraordinary Disbursements - 400 — —

S*.*retary of Legation - 300 —

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week, J of a Year -

Secretary of LrcaJ.on -

Charge des Atiaxrcs ——

Borne forward -

5,r,is -

3,520-----

2,225 -

3,680 — —

•I

+8,716 11

1,390-----

400 -

6()6-----

3'>5-----

96-----

3,320-----

1

stS —

340 —

r

S'

373

5,214 5 8

73°-----

400-----

M95 —

250 —

5>'249 5

3-923 11 .4;

5.214 5 - 8

365-----

a44-----

i,6S9 8

8,342 17 1}

4>2"5 14 3

go-----

73°-----

400 -

1

1.-303 5

3=914 5 8

450 — — 666-----

10,248 n 4I

1

1>35° 5 8

56,744' 6 4}

'I

19I545 16 11

2,415 -

12,518 3

43 Gfio. III.

Appendix*

1175

Account, Hie wing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

THIRD CLASS continued.

Brought forward - - £.

Sweden: £. s. d.

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, £.5 a Day 1,825-----

D° - Extraordinary Dnlmifoments - - 400-----

Secretary of Lection

.Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary's a Day 2,0*20-----

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - 400 -

Secretary of Legation -

Poland:

Mmilter at Warsaw, £.$ n Day D° - Extraordinary Diibui Icinents

Drefd^n:

Envoy Extranrd nary. f. 5 a Dav -D° - Extix lordinai v Dilhurlcineuts

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List:

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£■ *■ d. 48,716 .11 4

2,2-25-----

3,3-20 -

1,005-----

400 — —

1,8-2.5 — 400 —

Fnvov Extraordinary and plenipotentiary, £. S a Day D° - ExtramMiiia/y Dduirl.-meiils -Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a Day -D° - Additional Al.i wance -Charge dcs Aumres -

M95 ---

2,225 —

)lans Towns:

Minifur, /. 3 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Difourfernents

l>°95-----

300-----

Charge des Affaires, £. 2 a Day Agcnz ......

Elector Palatines

Mmilter at Ratisbon. £. 3 a Day D* - Extraordinary Disbursements

1,095

300

Envoy Extraordinary, at £.5 a Day, J a Year Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, {,8 a Day, g a Year Extraordinary Disbursements -

Secretary of Legation -

Charge des Aiiaues -

Elector of Cologne:

AIminer, {.311 Day -D° - Extraordinary Dilhurfcments

Malta:

iMiniiler Plenipotentiary, £. 3 a Dav L)J - Extraordinary Disbursements

Congress at Amiens:

Sccrelary of Eu.lmdy, £. 2 a Day -Extraordinary Difbuiftinents -

* 1,095

3°°

1., £. 1 a Day -

ogo

250

Amerjra:

Envoy Extraordhiary and Plenipotentiary, {. 8 a Day L)° - Extraordinary DilLuricnients -Secretary of Legation,

Cluugc d<*s Aiiairts

Mmiller to the LiUidgrave of Ifclfc Caliel Consul at Madrid -

Cental at Cam/ -

Coniul at Carihagena -Cm 1 lu] at Genoa Consul Central at Morocco Coniul at Tunis -

Conliil at Tripoli -

D° - 1 ixtraordinary Disbursements

Consul at /ante -

Coniul at Algiers -

D* - Extraordinary Diflmrfemenls Agent and Coniul Lower Saxony Consul at Newport, Oiiei I, and Bruges D® - at Mudachulctl’s L y D° - at. Naples -D° - at Corunna and Carthagcna D* - at Triette - - " -

D® - at Virginia -D°-at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica D° - at N° and S° Carolina and Georgia Consul General at America

L)° - to Cnited States in D° -Coniul General at Grand Cairo -

.600

4^5

11 6 j

E395 -

1,395 -

,?395 -

400-----

1,000-----

‘200 -

3°0-----

-f)0-----

800-----

500-----

630-----

1,085 11 6

200-----

400 -

2,50-----

120-----

200 -

1,000

350

In the Year ending the 5th January 1803.

70,852 2 IO

£■ '•

56,744 5 4-i

l,68o-----

90-----

2,7*3 l7 9

275-----

2,920

400

3^5

183

204

345

730

186

Increase:

Decrease.*

In the Year ending the 5th Janua:y 1803.

£■ *- d. I £■ t. d.

J9,545 16 li|l 12,518 2 10J

465 —

331 3

1,495 —

j-1,847 — —

905 —

1,472 — 400 —

399 —

362 —

1,673 6 8

828 — —

73°-----

400 -

720 -

350-----

3<\5-----

73°-----

500-----

500-----

380-----

300-----

250-----

1,180-----

800-----

830 —

206-----

134 —*

2,143 —

278 6 8

j 1,053-----

| 1,130-----

J,3oi

480

17 3

800-----

400 — —

250-----

800-----

250-----

800 — — 1,730 10 — i»75°-----

89,39717 -j

2,165 —

100-----

180-----

380-----

300 — —

200-----

200-----

216 5 9

4S0-----

600-----

130 — 800 —

50 —

800 — 730 10 1,750 —

500 —

250

350 —

35,078 19 4^| 16,033 4 1}

"zed by

J

1176

Appendix. 1803,

Appendix,

(No. 75.)

S° Jul

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

FOURTH CLASS:

The Approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers,

; for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for HiS Maj city’s * Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain -D° ----- of the Lord Steward -

D° ...... --of the Mailer of the Horse

D®----- of the Mailer of the Robes

D° of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

D° of -the Ullicr of the Receipt of L)° -

D° for Printing, Ac. ——

D° for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons

IT of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes -

c

FIFTH CLASS:

- The'Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household:

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer - £. 1,540-----

Salaries to the lloufehold ----- 15,204 4 —

Allowances to D° ----- (>,573 17 6

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward 740--

D° to the Chapels ----- 4,679 7 7

Wages to the Chapels * - - - - 415I47

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer Salaries in the I^ord Chamberlain's Office Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer The Groom of the Stole, at 1)°

12 Gentlemen of His Majesty's Bed Chamber, paid

3.000 —

23^73 5 9

600-----

2.000 -

Estimatod Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£■ '•

.5

43.000 -

50.000 -

23.000 -

‘2,200-----

1 ,‘200 -

7 >o°o-----

7,000-----

2,800-----

11.000 -

In the Year ending the 5th January i?03-

£. *. d.

94,19a 14 —5 84,380 19 10; -20,174 ia 3 1,940 8 —*

1,630 9 a

2(5,494 1 —i 3,1-21-----

Increase:

I)ecre»fe:

In the Yew ending die jth January i80J.

147,200-----

20,153 3

240,934 4 5

£. s. t

51,192 14 —.? 34,380 19 lo-j 6,174 12 3

430 9 2

19,494 1 —I 321-----

£. t. i.

259 12 0

7,000 -

11,000 -

HL993 16 5

30,733 1® 5 i>58o 14 9

at D°

Grooms of D° - D° -Apothecary to His Majesty, Da -JL)° - - to the lloulehold, Da

Salaries to the Office of Master of she Horse D# - to the Office of Master of the ltobes

12,000-----

6,500-----

U5-----

53 3

47,941 12 5 12,790 19 4

1,080-----

50,933 1 - 8

13,252 11 11 1,080-----

90,965 15 5

26,000 3 —

SIXTH CLASS,

PENSIONS;

Pcnficns, formerly paid at the Treasury - £-*4>354 *4

D° - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions 38,544 19 D° - to the late Queen Caroline and late Prin-cess of Wales’s Servants -by Sign Manual -by Patents and Privy Seals -to late Ministers at Foreign Courts

One Contingent Pension - £.2,680-----

One D° - 800-----

T)°

D°

D°

11,056 — 4

2,542 11 —

12,604-----

8;975 -

3,4So

Annual Bounty paid in the Office of the Lord Steward Quarterly Bounty, 1)°

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward -D°, to the Persons paid in his Office D°, to the Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain , -D®, paid in the Office of Master 7

of the Horse - -J 1)053-----X

.fensions in D° - - - - 701 5 — J

Conipeniations in the Office of Mailer of the Robes

1,985 — -

1,295-----

1,211 — -

4,395 -

5,487 i» 4

1,756 5 538 2

ioi,557 4 4

16,631 18 10

2,992 — 3 461 12 7

18,259 12 —

5,034 7 7

101,037 — 1}

11,663 18 4

£. 118,189 3 2

• SEVENTH CLASS:

Two Grooms of the Exchequer, at £. 1 per annum each Organ Blower at Whitehall Chapel -Rent of Patfage into Channel Row - -

Sir John Iiynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity -48 King's Watermen, at £. 3. 2. 6. a Year each -12 pemionary D° -

Clerks in th<* Pipe Office -

D° of the Pdls in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pleas - -

Vicar of the Tower -

Uihcr of the Exchequer -

Minister of St. Botolph, Perpetuity -Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office Organist in Whitehall Chapel Churchwardens of St. John's, Perpetuity -Secondaries in the Office ot King's Remembrancer !)• - in the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Borne forward

2

2

3

5

150

37

4

5

6

6 6

10 —

6 8

10 —

11 8

10 — >3 4 *3 4 7-----

7 l3 4

8 — —

8 13 4

9-----

*77 1 8

5*0 4

4>968

— 6

112,700 18 sj

6 8

8

2-----

2 -

3 10 —

5

150 —

37 10

4 11

5 -

6 10 —

6134

7 >3 4

81-----

7 »3 4

8 -

9-----

270 8 4

5>488 4 81

6 13 4

< 13

43 <5eo. III.

Appendix.

1177

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil I,ib—continued.

SEVENTH CLAS S-continued.

Brought forward - -

Housekeeper at Westminster -

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, £. 10 a Vear each -A Person to lift the Water at the Treasury -University of Oxford, Perpetuity for a Preacher -i)° - of Cambridge, D® - D° -D° - of D° - - I)® - l)o,

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - D# -Schoolinafter of Southwell, Perpetuity -Reader at Whitehall Chapei, I)° -

Clerk of D° ----- [)°

Clerk of the House of Commons, I)® -Clerks of the Office of Treasurer’s Remembrancer Churchwardens oi St. Michael, Perpetuity -Lnr ej iity ot Cambridge, Divinity Lectures -

1)° - oi Oxmrd, - D° -

Vicar of Litchfield - - I>° -

Emanuel College D° -

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, \s. a Day Clerk of the Nichills -

Porter of the Exchequer -

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of 5 Deer -hour Purluivants at Arms, £. 20 each -Clerk of the Lit rears in the Common Pleas -Advocate General -

L’nderkeepers 01 Chviubuurn Chace -

Churchwardens ol St. Magnus, Lothbury, Perpetuity -

Light Heralds, £.26. 13. 4. each -

Second Secondary in Treasurer Remembrancer's Office -lurncock at St. James’s -

Office Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain’s Office -A Perl on to attend and work the great Water Engine at Windsor

Cable - - - ......

Jane Garrett, the Widow of a Person formerly employed in the said Office ......

Keeper of the Kings Swans -

24 Whitehall Preachers, £-3° per annum each -

Turncocks at Whitehall -

3'l’ellers of the Exchequer, £.31. 13. 4. each -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 s. a Day -Clerk of the Ordnance -

Mailer of the Temple -

Plumber in the Oliice of Works -

3 Kings at Arms, £.40 each -

Ranger of Salcey ho rest -

Prolelfor of Phvlic at Oxford -

D° - of Law - at - D°

Foreign Oppoler in the Exchequer -

Regius Profeftbr of Laws, Cambridge -

ProfelVor of Physic D° -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel -

Mefienger to the Order of the l>alh -

Keeper of all the Engines -

Treal'urer of the Ordnance -

Comptroller of the Pipe -

12 King’s Council, ^.46 each ——

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity -

The King's Organ Builder -

Chamber-Keeper to the Cockpit Rooms -Ranger of Windsor Forest for Swanimote Courts -Person for providing Musical Instruments - -

King’s Heralds and Purluivants at Arms, for attendance on Fcftival Days ——

King’s First Serjeant -

Eton College, Perpetuity - - - * -

Office-Keeper to the Wardrobe -

34 King’s Mefiengers, £. 45 each -

Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2s. 6d. a Day each (Twro) -Office-Keeper and Necessary Woman to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 48 each -

Gate-Keeper in the Road to Fulham -

Three Messengers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £.50 each ——

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity ——

Engraver of Seals ——

King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Regift er of Loans ——

One Messenger to the Treasury -

Principal Painter ——

Store-Keeper at the Ordnance, 3s. a Day -

King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster for French Ministers, Savoy

Borne forw ard

VOL. 58.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List. Increase: 1 Decrease:

According to the Account laid before In the Year Ending the In the Year Ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1803. 5th January 1803.

£- s. d. £■ *■ £■ s. £■ *• d.

277 1 8 00 O is d - 6 13 4

926 9 2 6 —

20 20 — —

10 IO — '

10 IO — —

10 10 — —

10 10 — —

10 10 — —

10 10 — —

10 10 — —

10 10 — '

10 10 — —

11 5 ~ n 5 — — —

12 4 — 12 4 — — ’

13 6 8 13 6 8 — —

13 6 8 13 <5 8 — —

15 15 — —

16 13 4 16 13 4 — —

18 5 — 18 5 — — —

20 20 — —

20 20 — — '

20 20 — —

80 — — 80 — —

20 20 — —

20 — — 20 — —

2° — — 20 — —

21 4 8 21 4 8 — —

213 6 8 213 6 8 — —

26 13 "4 26 13 4 — —

28 15 — 28 15 — — —

30 — — 32 5- 2 5 —

30 30 — —

12 12 —

30 — — 30 — —

720 — 720 — —

30 3 30 6 4 — — 1 —

95 — 95 — —

33 6 8 33 6 8 — —

35 35 —

36 10 — 36 10 — — —

36 10 — 36 10 — — —

37 6 8 37 6 8 — —

38 2 9 38 2 g — —

120 120 — —

40 40 — —

40 40 — —*

40 40 —

40 40 — —i

40 40 — -

40 40 —

40 40 — —

40 40 —

40 40 ——* —

40 40 —

40 40

480 —— — 800 320 —

40 40 — —

40 40 — ——

40 60 20 —

40 40 — —

40 40

41 41 — —

41 6 10 41 6 10 —

42 42 —■—

45 45 —

L53° 315 - - - 1,215

91 5- 91 5-

96 - - 96

49 10 — 49 10 — ■

150 - - 150

50 50 ——

50 50 T ‘

50 50 — '

50 50 —

50 - - - 50

50 50 —— —F"

54 15 — 54 *5 — 1

55 17 4 55 17 4 — —■

60 60 — — —

5,935 * — 4,77112 9 354 5 i 1,517 13 4

13 X GoOj 7k

Appendi

(No. 75.

8* Julii,

continued.

1178

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 75.) S" Ju

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

Seventh class—continued.

Brought forward - -

Two Office Clerks of the Works, £. 60 each -Messenger of the Preis -

Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Wardrobe -

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -Carpenters and Joiners in D° - -

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance -

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Hai binger of the Band of Pensioners -

Office-keeper, Messenger, and Porter in the Office of Works -

Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Council Chamber -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 80 each

ltat-Killer ——

liouiekeeper to the Treasury -

Ranger of St. James’s Park -

Attorney General -

Regiller of the Order of the Bath -

Secretary to Ditto ——

King at Arms -

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury -

Gentlemen Llher of the Order of the Bath -

Neilenger of the Treasury Chambers ——

Clerk of the foreign Ellreats, Court of Exchequer -

Clerk of the Cheque to the Kings Messengers -

Forty Gentlemen Band of Pensioners, 100 each -

Surveyor of the Woods -

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath -

Corporation of Lyme Regis - * -

D° - - for repairing the Pier ——

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Minister of the Me of Man -

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

Heirs of Col. Fairfax, Perpetuity -

D° of Nicho* Yates, D° -

Marshal of the Ceremonies -

Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Poet Laureat ——

Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod -

Eleven M alters in Chancery, £. 100 each -

Garter King at Arms -

Master of the Barges -

Twenty-two Clerks in the Treasury -

Four Clerks of the Council, £. too each -

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich Hospital, and Winch el ter ——

ProfelVor of Botany, Cambridge -

Nine Serjeants at Arms,^. 100. 7s. 6d. each -

Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Pensioners -

Assistant Master of the Ceremonies -

Accountant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Keeper of the Tennis Courts -•

2d Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Supervisor of the Work of digesting Records -

Mailer of the Mechanics -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer -

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer -

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Master General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of the New Park, Richmond, for Self and Underkeepers Governor of Windsor Cattle, 105. a Day -

Clerk of the Works for D° Queen’s Lodges, and feme of the King's 1 Ioufes in and about Wrindfor -

Knight Harbinger - -

Keeper of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates -King’s Clockmaker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces ——

Bishop ot Chester, for 4 Preachers -

' *x Keepers of State Papers, £.200 each -More to them for Clerks -

More to them for Expences -

Clerk of the Works lor Hampton Court, Palace Yard, Park Garden, and Bui by Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River - . -

XTffior of the Black Rod -

of the Pavement about Whitehall and Weltnunfter One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Estimated Annual Charge of his Majesty's Civil List. -« ■- i. > Increase: fc - Decrease 1

According to the Account laid before In the Year Ending the In the Yru Ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1803. 5th January 1X03.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £• d.

5,935 1 — 4,471 1* 9 354 5 1 1,517 13 4

120 140 20 —

60 - - - - 60

64 2 1 64 2 1 — —

65 V 65 —

747 to — 829 7 9I 81 17 9i

195 1 6 159 10 3 - 35 n 3

66 13 4 66 13 4 — —

7o 70 72 17 9 65 19 70 72 17 9 ... 4 0

— —

73 - - 73

73 73 — —

74 3 4 74 3 4 — —

160 - - 1G0

80 80 — —

80 - - 80

80 80 —. —

81 6 8 80 17 8J - - i uj:

90 90 — —

90 90 *— —

90 — — 90 — —

90 JT - 90 1

90 90 — —

90 16 8 - - 90 l6

9613 4 96 13 4 — —

9915 — 124 15 — 25 —

4,000 4,000 — —

100 100 — —

100 100 — . —

100 TOO —

100 10O — —

100 IOO —

100 IOO — —

100 IOO

100 IOO — —

100 too — —

100 100 — —

100 100 — —

100 100 — —

too IOO — —16

1,100 1,099 3 4

100 100 —

100 180 80 —

2,200 - - 2,200 — —

400 400 — —

100 100 — —

100 200 100 ——

9°3 7 6 LOO3 15 — 100 7 6

103 103 —

104 6 8 104 6 8 —

i°7 4 2 107 4 2

120 120 —

121 13 4 121 13 4 —

13° - - 13° — "

132 3 4 150 132 3 4 150

150 i5o —

150 150 ——

150 150 —*

150 150 —

156 10 — 156 10 — —

160 160 —

175 18 4 175 18 4 — ——

178 10 — 178 10 — —*

182 10 — 182 10 — —

180 180 —. —

195 16 8 195 16 8 —

200 200 —

200 200 — —

200 200 —

4OO )

200 > 970 — 170

200 ) —

200 200 —

200 200 —

b

20(\ 200 250 50 200 —

24,206 8 20,395 3 41 [ 981,10 4 4.79* 7

L-,

'XU.

1 'I. x:

i H

i '

'i

■ y

‘i

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1179

Account, Viewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

SEVENTH CL AS S—continued.

Brought forward -

Constable of Dean Forest

Refluent Clerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Works for Queen's House, Carleton House, Mews, Kcri-

lington Palace, and King’s Hoad ......

Keeper of the Lions ——

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, &c. - -

4 Clerks of the Council, £.-5° each -

Afironomer Royal ——

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Kcw, and New Park Lodge 4 Messengers of the Exchequer on their Salaries and Allowances,

£. 258. 16. 10. each

Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer -

Warden of Waltham F01 eft ----- j -

Latin Secretary ——

JHafter of the Ceremonies ----- £.200__________7

D° — in lieu of Bills 4 100_______|

British Museum, for Care of King’s Libraries

Under Clerks of the Council, Attendance on Matters of Trade First Clerk to the Connmllioners for the Affairs of India One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue ——

Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners ——

IMident Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Examining Clerk of the Works -

Clerk of the Pells ——

Chrili’s Hospital ——

Inspectorof Mis Majesty’s WorksJ &c. -

ProfeHor of Modern liiltory, Cambridge -

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury -

Chief Clerk to the Commissioners for the A Hairs of India

Proieflor of Modern History, Oxford -

Examiner of Plays - - - - ■* -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and at the Chapel-house, Westminster, himself, £. 400, Clerks 500 -Ulher of the Exchequer, lor 10 Watchmen and two Superintendants Auditor of the Exchequer -

Office-Keeper of the Treasury for Attendance and Disbursements Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners -

Keeper of Council Records -

Riding Foreller of Ne\tr Forest -

Four Undet-Seer«>taries of State, £. 500 each

Keeper of Records in the lower -

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works - -

Chancellor of the Garter -

Oflice of Windsor Eorelt - * - i

Clerk Assistants of the House of Commons - ......

Under Secretary to the Coirimillioners for the Allairs of India -Solicitor to D° - - - - . -

Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Captain of the Band of Pensioners ......

Surveyor of Lands ——

M after of the Hawks -

Rainier of Hyde and St. James’s Parks -

Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India ——

Chief Justice in Eyre N° of Trent ......

Clerk of the llanaper, for the Expence of that Oflice -

Lord Privy Seal ——

Ciiief Justice in Eyre S° of Trent ......

Lord President ...... ~

Co nit able of Dover Castle ...... - -

Secretary of State - - - - " - " "

D°-----D° ......

Profcflor of Botany at Oxford -

Keeper house Park, Windsor ......

D°, outward Gate, Windsor Castle ......

Officers Committee of Trade - - J

EIGHTH CLASS.

The SALARIES and PENSIONS of the Ili.h Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury -

First Commissioner of the Treasury - " . ’

Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List. Increase: Decrease:

According to the III the Year

Account laid before Ending the In the Year Ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1803. 5th January 2803.

£ d. £■ A £. s. d. £. s. d.

•24,206 — 8 20,395 3 4i 981 10 44 4,79a 7

210 — -— 210 ,

211 211 — —

2 20 220

228 2 6 228 2 6 —

230 5 6 - 230 5 6

1,000 1,000 — —

320 320 — —

256 250 — —

1,035 7 4 627 7 4 — 408

203 6 8 263 6 8 — —

270 270 —

280 28o — — —

300 3OO — —

300 3OO — —

300 400 100 —■

300 — — 306

300 3OO — —

310 3 !0 — —

3iS - - 318

355 355 — —

307 15 ~ 367 15 — — —

370 10 — 370 10 — — —

400 400 — —

400 400 —L —

400 - - 400

400 - - 4°o

400 400 —- —

400 400 —* —

400 400 — —

900 900

438 438

460 3 4 460 3 4 — . —

480 m + m - 480 — —

500 500 ——

5°o 500 — —

5 00 500 — —

2,000 - - 2,000 — —

5oo 500 — —

510 510 — —

57° 5 — 57° 5 ~ — —

5-7 9 11 587 9 11 ■— —

600 600 — —

6u 0 - - 600

boo — — - - 600 — —

900 — —1 600 - 300

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

1,37* 10 — 1,372 10 — — —

1,58* 17 6 L73* 149 2 6 —

1,500 - - 1,500

1,065 13 4 2,250 583 6 8 —

2,000 2,000 —- ' —

3,000 3,000 —

3>466 4 2,31613 4 - V50

4,000 — 4,000 — —

4,100 —- 4>100 — —

5,680 — - - 5,680

5,680 — - - 5,680

- 200 200 —

- Coo 600 —

- 25 25 —

3*35° 3,350 —

81,440 — 1 62,590 6 5} 5,98819 64 24,83813

8,060 8,000

4,022 * 4,022 — —

1,800 1,800 — —-

13,8‘2-2 13,822 — —

Append (No. 7i 8#>A continue

Appendix*

(No. 7*)

8° Julii, continued.

1180

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List—

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service ......

Home Secret Service ......

Special Service and Royal Bounty -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons ......

D° - lor Overpayments on their Accounts Sundry Ministers, £.20 each for their Failure to the Plantation Law Charges ——

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads -Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -Extra Extraordinaries to 1)°

For the Protestant Difienting Ministers in England D° - D° - Ireland - For the Relief of the French Poor Protetiant Clergy I)® ----- - Laity

Lord Almoner, f<*r Alms, &c.

Ai'chbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professors Chamberlain of London lor Poor of laid City -Rent and Taxes of Pnvy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland House ——

Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury -D° - - - - Kensington Palace and Garden Expences of VYindfor Great Park -Fees, t\-c. on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse Contingent Expellees of the Treasury - For the Relief of certain French Protestants -Officers of the Monies of Lords and Commons -.

Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Contingencies -

Messengers Deficiency of Fees D° - - - - Home Department, for Contingencies

Messengers Deficiency of Fees D° - - - - War Department, for Contingencies

Messengers - -

Deficiency of Fees -

Treasury—Deficiency of Tees -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs D° - —of Committee for Trade and Plantations

D°-----of the Privy Seal Office -

His Majesty’s Charily to lundry Objects in diflicfs, 7 £. s, d.

paid at the Treasury - - - - -j 1,200-----'

Fees, &c. on the Receipt of that - - - - 4 32

Frefents to Foreign Ministers on their return home Serjeants at Arms to the 1 louse of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the lile of Wight, Surplusage in his Accounts -Speaker of the 1 louse of Commons, for Equipage -Chairman of the Sufi ions at Westminster, for Dinners -Bailiff of the Tower, for contingent Disbursements Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine Vaudois Churches -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer and Officers of the Court -

Police Office, Bow-street -

Prelents to Foreign Ministers on signing Conventions, &c.

Expences of St. James*s and Hyde Parks -Lord Salisbury, to pay Messengers Bills -Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office -

To reimburse Expences incurred in Ilia Majest/s Service Abroad; viz.

C. Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by J. Casa- £, s. d.

major, Charge des Affaires at Berlin - - - 64 7 6

D*, to pay a Bill drawn by F. J. Jackson, for Money dilhurfed on a Special Million -Tho* Bidwell, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn for the fame Service -

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by J. M.

Mutra, Consul at Morocco -D°, to pay a Bill drawn by P. Magra, Consul at Tunis -

Wm Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by W.

Drummond, Esq. Envoy Extraordinary at Naples, on account of the Rev. Mr. IJayter, employed there in the Developement of the Herculaneum

Mam.scripts - - ...... 333 lj 6

< ha‘ Broughton, Esq. for the fame Service - - 1,450-----

llaac Beulamon, Esq. for his Services as Proconsul at Algiers, and for Sums advanced by him on

account of Captives - 1,556 16 __

Marquis Cornwallis, employed on a Special Million at Amiens

Borne forward - - £.

13

1,060 8 —

1,055 2 4 226 1 o

335 -

Estimated Annual Charge of llis Majesty's Civil Lilt. Increase: Decrease:

According to the Account laid before Parliament. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803.

£■ £■ ». d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d.

25,000 25,000 —

10,000 10,000 — —

• 20,000 17,412 14 9i - 2,587 5 2j

- 13,000 7.590 - 5,410

- 3,000 — 69 11 11 - 2,93 8 1

9 - 200 80; - - - 120

7,5 00 5,000 - 2,500

- 2,806 1 - 2,806 1 —

- 2,500 958 14 6 - L541 5 6

• 12,000 - - 12,000

- 2,000 8,376 — 6,376 —.

- 1,500 7,16714 1 5,667 14 1 —

- 1,700 i>7°° — —

- 800 800 —

- 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — — —

- 6,872 16 — 6,872 a6 — — —

- 1,119 1,119 — —

- 900 900 —

- 1,000 1 , OQO — —

- 220 16 - - 220 16 —

- 316 18 6 - " 316 18 6

323 16 6 324 8 6 — 12 — —

- 52 14 — 52 14 — — —

- 150 150 — —■

- 4,000 4,604 16 8 604 16 8 —

- 1,741 12 — 1,749 19 6 876 —

- 2,000 l,28l 19 11 - - 718 — t

" i 500 - 500

1,409 2,600 L393 15,000 Y 16

- 2,000 17,000 6,23918 2 9,500 >35,639 is 2 I

- - 6.000 6,55917 3 3.000 — >20,05917 3 )

m - 3,000 — 1,126 10 5§ £-7,12610 5*

- - 13,468 3 3i 13,468 3 3’ —

- 2,000 - - - - 2,000

- 250 3,3°2 9 10 3,052 9 10 —

- 700 - - - - 700 — —

d.

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 — —

j 1,500 881 619

- 1,000 2,066 16 10 1,066 16 10 —

- 500 848 14 4 a4» 14 4 —

- - - - 1,000 1,000

- 218 8 8 219 7 6 0 18 10 —

400 310 12 5 - 89 7 7

- 98 14 0 100 16 — 2 2 0 —

- L345 10 4 1,828 5 4 482 15 — —

Tally

300 350 14 3 50 14 3 —"

- - 11,737 2 1 11,737 2 1 *—

- - 8,176 12 — 8,170 1« — ■—

- 411 15 6 411 15 6 ——

- 1,469 14 6 1,469 14 6 —*

- - 2,805 14 — 2,805 14 — —*

- - 515 515 —

- m m 00 •Hus 429 7 8i

6,081 7 4

138,47<5 4 6

14,080 10 —

244,064 16 2

6,081 7 4

14,080 10

140,663 13 7i

35.075

43 Geo. III.

Appendix,

1181

Account, ibewing the Charge of the Civil List—continued.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS—continued.

Brought forward

W11 Baldwin, Esq. for his Attendance and Advice as Council to Secretary of State -

Francis Moore, Esq. for bringing over the Definitive Treaty of Peace from Amiens ——

Yfm Pollock, Esq. for Fees on patting a Patent, creating Lord St.

Helens a Baron ——

Geo. Attwood, Esq. for making Calculations for the Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

— ■1 j— —

ABSTRACT.

Amount of the CLASS -

3^ ...... -

4 th -

5th

6th

7A ......

3th ......

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List;

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£. «. d.

138,476 4 6

138,476 + 6

In the Year Ending the 5th January iSoj.

£• *• d-

944,064. 16 9

*,5*5 18 — 547 1* 6 457 *5 —

596 4

247,199 12

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Tear Ending tftc Jth January »8oj.

C

140,663 13 7$

1,5*5 18 — 547 *1 6 457 *5 — 596 n 4

H3.79I 9 5?

£• »• d.

35,075 n|

35,075 * iif

203,500-----

32,955 -

70,852 2 10

147,200-----

90,965 15 5

118,189 3 2

81,440 — 1

13,822-----

138,476 4 6

897,400 6 —

206,500-----

32,173 9 lij 89,897 17 oj 240,934 4 5

96,000 3 —

112,700 18 5J 62,590 6 5I

13,822-----

247,192 12 —

1,110,811 4 4

38,500 —

35,078 19 111,993 16 5,034 7

5,988 19

H3,79i 9

340,387 12

4l

5

7

’ej

si

4i

35,500-----

781 17 —1 16,033 5 1 18,259 12 —>

5,488 4 81

24,838 13 2

35,075 1 nf

135,976 14 —4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, \ March 16th 1803. 3

N. Vanjit.

Appendi;

(No. 75.

S* Jtdii,

continued.

Appendix (B.)

An ACCOUNT, shewing the CHARGE upon the CIVIL LIST, for u Salaries to Ministers jfc> Foreign Courts, being

u refulent at the said Courts," as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament on the 6th day of July 1786; and th<*Chargefof the fame in the year ending the 5 th day of January 1803; with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said year.

THIRD CLASS.

France:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. #. d.

£.100 a Week ----- 5»^H 5 8

Dw-----Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,600-----

Secretary to the Embassy, 40 s. a Day - - 730-----

D°-----Extraordinary Disbursements - 400-----

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 160 a Week, j of a Year ——

Secretary of , Emba(Ty, £• 1 a Day, D°

D°-----Extraordinary Disburseinents - D°

Minister Plenipotentiary, £> 3 a Day -

Spain:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£. noaWeek ...... 5,*H 5 8

D° - - - Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,606 — -—

Secretary to the Embassy, 4° *• a Day - 73°-----

D*-Extraordinary Dilburieinents - 400-----

Envoy Extraordinary and -Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a

Day ......

Portugal:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£. 8 a Day ......

D° - - . Extraordinary DUburfementt - 4°°-----

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £• 8 a Day

D°-----Extraordinary Diflrnrfcments ——

Secretary of Legation^.! ADay ......

Borne forward

- -

Vol. 5?.

*3 Y

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List; * , Increase: Decrease:

r According to the Account laid: before Parliament. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803. In the Year Ending 5th January 1803. y*

£. ». d. £■ '• d. < £. s. d. 1 £- * i.

7,944 5 «

- 6,285 14 3) 550 -—I 300 ( 825 —3 16 t 7 —

7*944 5 8 0IJ628 11 4$ 5,3* M ft

3,<rso

■ - 9,920 1 4oo f 278 3 378 V-

19,108 ii 4 14,187 5T 7i CO <1 5,31514 34

1182

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix,

is-)

' S° Juiii,

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, &c.—continued.

: Estimated Annual Charge of llis Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrrease:

- ~ 1 THIRD C L A S r According to the Account laid before Parliament. A In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803,

Brought forward - - - - Turin: En\oy Extraordinary, £. 5 a Day - - - £- ]>» * — Extraordinary Diihurfements - 4°° — — £. d. 19,108 11 4 2,225 £. s. d. 14,187 5 74; 1,995 \ £. s. d. 394 8 7 £■ *. rf? 5.3>5 14 3l

Minister Plenipotentiary, £. 3 a Day -D° Extraordinary Dilburlc’inents 300 $ - 830

Nice: Vice Consul - -- -- 340 - . 340

Naples: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a Day 2,920 D° - - - Extraordinary Dilbiui'eineiits - 400 3,320 — —

Envoy Extraordinary, at £. 5 a Day, 5 of a Year -Jj* - - - Extraordinary Diihurfements -Envoy Extraordinary anil Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day, \ of a Year ----- - Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a Day ----- Charge dos Atiaircs - * 1,390 -n 4°° 1 606 — — ( .3f>5 ) 96 J - 37S

llorenee: Emuy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary ^.8a Day - 2,020 D° - - - Extraordinary Diihurfements - 400 3,320 M95 250 3,320

YVnice: Iletidrnt, £. 3 a Day - 1,005 D° Extraordinary Diihurfements - 400 *>495 250 —

Swiss Cantons: . Charge des Affaires ——

Constantinople: Anihallador, £. 3 a Day - ----- Amhaliador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at £. 100 a Week Secretary of EnibaftY, £. 2 a Day ----- D° Extraordinary Diihurfements - 1,095 5,214 5 8Y 730 V 400. 3 5.249 5 8

Holland: . Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 10 a Day ----- 3,650 - - DQ - - - Extraordinary Diihurfements - 1,650 —' — Deputy Conservator at Canipvere - - - 1*20 llis.Majesty’s Ageirt at Rotterdam - 248 5,618

Envoy Extraordinary ami Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week, 2 of a Year ----- 3,928 11 45 - 1,689 8 7l

Vienna: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.S a Day 2,020 .1 D° Extraordinary Diihurfements . - doo — — 3,520

AinJjalVador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week ----- Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a Day ----- D° Additional Allowance ----- 5,214 5 SY 365 > 244 J 2,303 5 8

Brussels: Minister Plenipotentiary, £. 5 a Day - - 1,825 D° - — Extraordinary bilhu dements - 400 2,225 -- 3,520 —- — •3>68o _ 2,225

Buffi a: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.% a Day - - - - 2,020 D° Extraurdinar)' Diihurfements - 6uo

AmhuiVadur Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at £. 160 a Week - D° D° J a Year - - - - Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a Day, \ Yrear- -• 5Ser.jetary of Embaffv, at £. 2 a Day - — -Du - - - for Extraordinary Diihurfements - l^hii ^mv<iyExtraonlitjary ar.dPlenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day 2,920 D° Extraordinary Diihurfements - * 400 Secretary of Legation 360 S,342 17 Ul 4,205 H 3 90 v 730 400 J 10,24811 41 . 1

En\oy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.100 a^\fce»-h, I oi a Ye.ii* S.-crelan ul J elation - - -* Li*lye-th* . f , * * * 3,9H 5 8 Y 450 > 606 ) j- ,1.35° .5.I.8 y * —

1 Carrie forward - - £. 49,716 U 4 56,744 5 \i 19,545 16 ill 12,518 9.,oi

:le

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1183

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, See.—continued.

TIIIR D CL AS S—continued.

Brought forward

Sweden:

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, £. 5 a Day 1,8*25-----

- Extraordinary Disbursemeius - 400-----

D°

Secretary of Legation -

Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 a

E?-y - - ...... 2,920

D°-----Extraordinary Dithurl'ements - 400

Secretary of Legation -Poland:

Mmiller at Warsaw, f. 3 a Day

D° — - Extraordinary Diiburfeinents

Dresden:

Envoy Extraordinary, £. 5 a Day

D°-----Extraordinary Ihfbuifeinents

400 —

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at£. 8 a Day Dv - - - Extraord.nary Diffnirlements Secretary of Legal,«.n, £. 1 a Day -

1)°-----Additional Allowance -

Charge <Ds Affaires -

Plans Towns:

Minister, £. 3 a Day -----D®-----Extraordinary Disburseraents

l?095-----

Charge dcs Affaires, at £. 2 a Day Agent -

Eh.clojr Palatine:

Minister at Ratisbon, £. 3 a Day -D°-----Extraordinary Diiburfeinents

Envoy Extraordinary, at £. 5 a Day, J a Year -

300

Extraordinary Disbursements - -

Secretary of Legation - - - . -

Charge des Affaires - - — ;: —

EDclor of Cologne:

Minister, £. 3 a Day -

Da - - - Extraordinary Diiburfeinents

Malta: ✓

-Minister Plenipotentiary, £. 3 a Day D° - - - Extraordinary Diiburfeinents

Congress at Amiens:

Secretary of EmbalTy, (,2a Day -1)° - - - Extraordinary Disbursements -

America: j

l.nvuy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, D° - - - Extraordinary Diflui ienients Secretary of Legation, £. l a Day -Charge dcs Af mvs , , -

M miller to the Landgrave of Ilefie Cassel Consul at Madrid -

IV-at Cadi/ - -* - -; -v

]V - at Carthng/na - -

D° - at Genoa ——

E° - General at Morocco -

D° - at Tunis - - -

1 V - at Tripoli -

] >■» - - Extraordinary Disbursements -] i° - at Zante. -i>° - at Algiers -

: V - - Extraordinary Disbursements -A-cut and Cmdul Lower Saxony CouUtl at N export, Off end, and Brliges i'0 - at Maffuchuiets Bay -D°-at Naples -])° - at Corunna and Carthagena IV - at Trielte -

IV at Yiiginia- -

I)0 - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica -D° - at N° and S° Carolina and Georgia Corful General at America - ‘

I.i° - - to I’nited States in D°

Coniul Generii at Grand Cairo

L95

3°°

C600 —

485

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account la d before Pari.ament.

49,716 11 4

2,225-----

la the Year Ending t he

5th Jar.u try iSj.3.

£. s. d.

56>744 5 4-i

- 1

— )

Increase:

Decrease:

Append!; (No 75.] 8" Ju/ii,

continued.

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803.

£■ d.

'9,545 '6 11.1

• Whitehall Trettfwy Chambers,

Match the jXh 1803.

3,320 2,7'3 17 9\

33> 2 % V

— L495 - - 1,495 — --

• — 2,225

- - 2,9*20 —

- - 400 (

*- - 365 > 1,847

183 --V

- 204 J

■ — L395 — — 345 — - ?

730 - > - - . - 134

- 186 — -

L395 •

- - - 905 -

rear - 1,472 — — f

400 — — > 2,^43

399 \

- 362 J

• — i,395 ji673 6 278 6 8 .—

828 ——}

- - 225 — — I 1,053

•- - 730 — 1,130 — —!

400 i— — |

720 O

- 350 I 1 i vn to p* c5 a—

- - - 365 -r

' - - . 730 _ -3

- 400 — — 500 100 " —

1,000 500 — — - 500 —

200 380 l80;

300 300 — —

- 250 250 ■

- 800 1,180 —- 380:

- 500 *— — 800 — -— 3°° —

1} 630 — — 830 200 — —c —

- 1 - 200’ 200 —

1} VO m " i-* 00 O 1^ 1,301 17 3 ... 216 5 9 - —

j c v 1 1 480 48O,

- 200 800 600 1 \ '

40 O' 400

- 250: 250

1‘20 ‘ 250 ■' 13°

- - - 800 800 y —

200 . 250 50 — —

- 800 800 " —

- 1,000 L730 10 — 730 IO — —

- - 1,750 — — 1,750 —

- 350 — — - - . " 35o

£■. 70,852 2 ip 89,39717—1! _ 35,°78 '9 4i 16,033 5 fi

£■ *• >2,518 2

d.

10J

455 -

1184

Appendix.

A.

Appendix, (No. 75.) 8' Ju/ti,

ron t imed.

Appendix* (C.)

A v ACCOUNT, shewing the CHARGE upon the CIVIL LIST, foru Occasional Payments* as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th day of July 1786; and the Charge for the fame in the year ending the 5th day of January 1803; with the Increase and Decrrease thereof in the said year.

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Special Service and Royal Bounty -Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -

D° - for Overpayments on their Accounts -Sundry Ministers £.20 each for their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges ——

A llorl'e Patrol for the different Roads -

Riding Charges for Messengers of the Exchequer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Jmirnies -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -Extra Extraordinaries to D*

For the Protestant Diffetiting Ministers in England D° - Ireland

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy D° - - - of the Laity

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. -

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professors Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City -Rent and Charges of Privy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland I loufe -Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury -

D° - - Kensington Palace and Garden -

Rxpcnces of Windlbr Great Park -Fees, &c. on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury - For the Relief of certain French Protestants -Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons - -

Secretary of State Foreign Department Tor Contingencies -

- - -- -- Messengers -

- ...... Deficiency of Fees -

D° - - Home Department for Contingencies

...... Messengers -

...... Deficiency of Fees -

D* - - War Department for Contingencies ----- - Messengers -

- - - - ----- Deficiency of Fees

Treasury - - Deficiency of Fees -Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs

D® - - of Committee for Trade and Plantations D® - - of the Privy Seal Office -His Majesty's Charity tofundry Objects in distress, paid

at the Treasury ----- £.1,200 — Fees, &c. on the Receipt of that - 32 13 6

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their "Return Home -

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage -Chairman of the Sessionsat Westminster, for Dinners -Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -Mayor, Alderman, and Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine Vaudois Churches - - - i -

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer and Officers of the Tally Court -

Police Office, Bow-street - -

Prefen ts to Foreign Ministers on signing Conventions, &c. - -

Expences of Saint James's and Hyde Parks -

Lord Salifoury, to pay Messengers Bills -

Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges -

Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office -

To reimburse Expences incurred on His Majesty's Service Abroad: viz.

C, Broughton, Esq. to pay a Bill.drawn by J. Cafe- £. major, Charge des Affaires at Berlin - - 64

!>• — - to pay a Bill drawn by F. J. Jackson* for,

Money disbursed on a Special Million - 1,060

Tho* liidwdl, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn for the fame

Service ----- 1,055

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay n BilLdrawn by J. M.

Matfh, Consul at Morocco -

D* - - - to pay a Bill drawn by P. Magra, Confikl at Tunis ——

I)o . - - to pay a Bill drawn by W. Drummond,

Esq. Envoy Extraordinary at "Naples, on Account of the Rev. Mr. Hay ter, employed there in the developement of the Herculaneum Ma-nalcripU - -

t!La* Broughton, Esq. fer tile fame Service - - 1,450

Kuac Beuiainon, Esq. for hfs~T5ervices as proconsul at Algicrp. and for Sums advanced by hhn on Ac-evuotof Captives - ... ... _ 1,556

s.

7

8 —

2 4

226 1 -—

335 -

12 6

16 —

Carried forward

Estimated Annual Charge of llis Majesty's Civil List: -V - Increase: Decrrease;

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803. In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803.

C *• d- T

£. t. d. £■ *■ d. £. *. d.

25,000 25,000 — ■—

10,000 10,000 — —

20,000 17,412 14 9I - 2,587 5 *j

13,000 7>59 - 5,410

3,000 69 11 11 ... 2,930 8 1

200 80 - 120 — —

7,500 5,000 - 2,500

2,806 1 - 2,806 1 —

2,500 958 14 6 - i‘54i 5

12,000 2,000 8,376 6,376 12,000

!>5o 7,167 14 1 5,667 14 1 —

I,?00 1)7°o — —

800 800 — —

1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — —

6,872 16 — 6,872 l6 — —

1,119 1,119 — —

900 gOO — —

1,000 1,000 — —

220 16 — - - - * 220 16 —

316 18 6 - . 316 18 6

323 16 6 324 8 6 — 12 — —

52 14 — 52 H — —

150 150 — —

4,000 — — 4,604 16 8 604 16 8 —

1,741 12 — L749 19 * 876 —

2,000 1,281 19 11 - 718 — 1

500 - - 500

1,409 - 2,600 i>393 15,000 1 16

2,000 — — 17,000 > 6,23918 2 3 9,500 —i 35,63918 2

- 6.000 > 6,559 »7 3 3.000 \ 20,05917 3

7 3,000 V 1,126 10 5IJ *3.468 3 3i 7,12610 53 ,3,468 3 3i

2,000 — — 250 3,302 9 10 3,052 9 10 2,000 — —

700 - 700 — —

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 — —

1,500 — — 881 ... 619

1,000 2,066 16 10 848 14 4 1,066 16 10 348 14 4 —

500 —

- - - 1,000 1,000 —

218 8 8 219 76 — 18 10 —

400 98 14 — 310 12 5 100 16 — 22 — 89 7 7

L345 10 4 1,828 5 4 482 15 —

300 350 14 3 50 14 3 1 *—

- »i,737 a 1 ,1,737 2 1 —

- 8,176 12 — 8,176 12 — —

- 411 15 6 411 15 6 —-

1,469 14 6 1,469 14 6 —■

- 2,805 14 — 2,805 14 — —

- 515 515 -

i 429 7 83 4-9 7 8i’

- — 6,081 7 4 6,081 7 4 —

138,476 4 6 *29,984 6 126,583 3 7i 36t°75 1 "i

Digit izedfey

*] x\

I U

5 \

' vl,}-.

i U!

t . y j I '. - a - -

*.} :i;

I: -

3 :i

3 :■*

48 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1185

Account, shewing the Charge upon the Civil Lilt, See.—continued.

Brought forward - - - £.

Marquis Cornwallis, employed on a Special Million at Amiens \\m Baldwin, Esq. for his Attendance and Advice as Council to Secretary of State -

Francis Moore, Esq. for biinging the Definitive Treaty of Peace from Amiens' -

William Pollock, Esq. for Fees on puffing a Patent creating Lord St. Helens a Baron -

Wrorgc Atwood, Esq. for making Calculations respecting the Sinking Fund ——

Ellimated Annual Charge of his Majesty's Civil Lilt: ________ __________

According to the Account laid before Parliament in 1786.

£■ >■ 138.47s 4 6

38,476 4 6

In the Year Ending the

5th January 1803.

229,984 6 2 14,080 10 — 1,525 18 — 547 >> s 457 15 — 59s 11 4

247,192 12 —

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1803.

£■ d

126,583 3

14,080 10 —

1,525 18 —

547 11 s

457 15 S

59s n 4

143,791 9 5$

£. *.

35,075 1 n|

35,075 i n|

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 March 16 th 1S03. 3

N. Vansittart.

Appendix, (D.)

Ax ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge upon the Civil 1m and " Bills for Stationary for the Houses of Lord* aid O . of July 1786, and the Charge for the fame in the year c l.Ji ig in the said year.

t " Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer;’' " Bills for Printing ;* iicns as eltiinaied by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th day the 5th day of January 1803; with the Increase and Decrease thereof

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil List. INCREASE. DECREASE.

According to the Account laid b tore Pamament. In the Year E.tding 5th January 1803. In the Year Ending 5th January 1803.

Bills of the Ufiler of the Court of Exchequer - - £. s. d. 1,200 £. *. d. 1,630 9 2 £. s. d. 430 9 3- 1

D° - - - for Printing - - 7,000 26,494 > — 19,494 1 — —

for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Cominous - - 2,800 3>i2i 321

£■ 11,000 31,24510 2 20,245 1° 2

4

1 li

5-; fi , 4 "* l

1

Appendix, (E.)

An ACCOUN T, shewing the Charge upon the Civil List on Account of " Pensions" Pensions to late Ministers at Foreign Courts and * Compensations for Lois ot offices, cVc." lor the year ended the 5th January 1803 5 compared with the Estimateof the fame, laid before Parliament the 6th day ot July 17b6.

Efcimate in 17S6 - Amount in the year 1802 - Increase ----- Decrease Pensions. Pensions to lute Ministers at Foreign Courts. Compensations for Loss of Offices, Sec. Total.

£■ *■ d. 92,582 4 4 79,>93 * »>i £. s. d. 8,975 — 21,843 18 2f £. >. d. 16,631 18 10 11,663 18 4 £. «• 118,189 3 2

13,389 2 4| 12,868 18 2^ 4,968 — 6 >3,389 2 41

* Total Decrease - - Deduct Increase in Pensions 7 to late Foreign Ministers J - >8,357 2 ioJ 12,868 18 2J

Decrease - 5,488 4 8£ 5,488 -4^8

4 Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

" March the 16th 1803.

N. Fanfiturt.

Vor.. 58.

n Z

Jiigilized-by-V

1186 Appendix. A. 1803

0

:ndix, 11 " ' " " '—■

.75.) Appendix (F.)—The PENSIONS and A I, LO WA NCES

fuliL, ______- -----—----- :-----—-______

inutd. FIRST

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family. Estimated 1 1 in 1786. 1 CHARGE in the

f 5 January 1787. 5 January 1788/ 5 January 1789/ 5 January 1790/ 5 January 1791. 5 January 1792.' 5 January *793-" 5 January^ *794- 5 January 1795* 5 Januan 1796.'

1 £■ £■ £■ £■ £■ £■ *• £■ £■ £■ £■ £

11 is Majesty's Privy Purse - 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000

The Queen - - 58,000 56,000 5S,oooo 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000

The Prince of Wales - 50,000 50,000 57,600 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 Go,oeo

D uke of Y ork, PrinccWilliam,

and the other Princes 14,500 11,000 - — *— —

Duke of Cumberland - 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 6,239 13 92 ——

Princess Amelia 12,000 9,000 - — *— — -

Duke of Clarence - - 3>5°° 3>5°o 3.500 9,875 12,000

Princes William, Edward,

Ernest, Augufius, and

Adolphus - - - - 8,500 6,000 6,000 - —

Duke of York - -t - - - 6,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000

The Princes Edward, Ernest,

Augustus, and Adolphus 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500

Ducliefs Dowager of Cum-

berland _ 1,226 l6 —J 4,000 4>0£° 4,000 4,000 4,000

The Prince of Wales, for

Support of the Princess

Charlotte

- -

203,500 198,500 •202,500 208,500 214,875 217,966 9 io£ 205,500 202,500 202,500 202,500 202,500

- 1

49 Geo. III. Appendix.

118T

to The ROYAL FAMILY.

CLASS.

Appe

(No.

8*3

4/ntta

Appendix, (G.)

• Y E A It S Ended —

5 January 1797- 5 January 1708- 5 January 1790. ^5 January 1800. ^5 January 1801. 5 January 1802. 5 January 1803; J

o £■ £■ £■ £■ £■

60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000

58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000 58,000

60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000

■ - - - * 6-25 2,500 O O 0 C9 2,500 2,500

12,000 l3,oo0 12,000 12,00'0 12,000 12,000 12,000

9,oooo 9,000 9,000 2,250 — — —

4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000

5,967 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000 6,000

- - 6,000 4,000

208,967 209,000 209,265 204,750 202,500 208,£00 206,500

CLASS II.

The SALARIErS of the Qhancellor, the Speaker, and tbs Judges, of Qnglanb and Wales.

- Estimateof 1786, Charge.

Years ended 5th January 32,955 £.

1787

1788 - - - m + 32,433 »5 9i

17*9 32,813 5 71

1790 m 32,748 14 6

1791 m m m - - 32,125

1792 - m m - - 32,955

,793 - m — 32,960 — —

1794 ) # * . - 32,897 2 6

179^ - * 32,948 3 7l

>796 3*,955

i?97 32,320

1798 32,955

1799 - -• 32,955 — —

1800 32,955

1801 - - *• 32,955 — —

1802 32,955

1803 32,173 2 ill

1188

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix (H.)—S A LARIES

TO

THIRD CLASS: -

1ALARIES to to Foreign Courts,

being Resident at the said Court*.

FRANCE:

Ambassador Extra and Plenipo. £. 100 a £• 5»2,4*

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - i,6oo.

Secretary to the Embassy, 403. a day, 73°* D° - - Extra Disbursements - - - 4°°*

Minister Plenipo -

Envo> Extraordinary -

Commissary for Commerce

Secretary to D° * " " "

SPAIN:

Ambassador Extra and Plenipo, - £. too a £• 5>2 *4-

D° - - Extra Diibur foment* - - 1,600. Secretary to the Embassy, 401. a day, 730.

D° - - Extra Disbursement* - — 400.

Minister Plenipo. -Commiflaiy t^r Commerce -Secretary to D°

Charge dei Affaiies -

week, ■)

• 5- *■;

o. o. J

K O.

'• O. S

week,

5. a. S

'• o

Estimated Annual Charge,

o. o. o.

o. o

o.S

PORTUGAL:

Minister Extra and Plenipo. £. S a day, £. D° - Ext* a Disbursements -

2,920 ) ‘ 3°°

Charge des Affaires -Secretary of Legation

TURIN:

Envoy Extra, £. 5 a day - - £.

D° - - Extra Difbui foments -

Secretary of Legation, at 20a day Charge des Affaires -

',$*5- I 4©G. t

Vice Consul

NICE:

NAPLES:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.& a day - £, D° - - Extra Disbursements -

2,920

400

Secretary of Legation -

FLORENCE:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. ^.81 day - £. D® - - Extra Disbursement*

*920 ) 400 S

Extra Extrnordinarie* -

Charge dc* Affaire*

VENldE:

Resident, £. 3 a day - - - £. 1,095 )

D° - - Extra Disbursement* - - - 400 j

Charge de» Affaire*

SWISS CANTONS:

Charge des Affiire* Minister Plenipo. Secretary of Legation

CONSTANTINOPLE:

Ambassador, £. 3 a day -Secretary of Legation - -

Secretary of Embassy

HOLLAND:

Envoy Extra and Plenipt. £. so a day - £. 3,650 } D° - - Extra Disbursements - - 1,600 j!

Secretary to said Embassy -Charge dei Affaires -

Deputy Conservator at Campvcre His Majesty’s Agent at Rotterdam «-

VIENNA:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. 8 a day - £. 2,920 D® - - Ext! a D.lbui foment* - . 600

Secretary of Legation -Charge des Affaires -

Envoy Extra and Mini Her Plenipo. £. 100 a week

BRUSSELS:

Minister Plenipo. £. 5 a day -D® — Extra Disbursement*

In the YEARS Eodi,

- £1,8*5)

- * 400 J

Charge det Affaires

RUSSIA:

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.8 a da D® - - Extra Disbursements

Secretary of Legation - «.

Charge des Affaire* -Secretary of EmbafTy - ,

D® - - Dilborfoments -

BERLIN:

Envoy Extra dc Minister Plenipo. £,\ D® - - Extra Disbursements -Secretary of Legation Charge des Affaiies -

ii’> i r Lxira and Pfonipo. -

as laid before Parliament in 1786. 1787. 1788. 1789. 1790. 1791. 179 ■2. * 793- 1794

£■ £■ d. £■ «. d. £■ *• d. £■ «• d. d. £■ *• d. C X. 4. C Ui

6,814 5 * Mi4 5 8 7.59i * 64 8,365 14 3i 8,34* 17 5*234 5 H 8,34* 17 8,3^5 14 3{ * .

2,130 0 0 1,130 0 0 1,130 O c 1.135 6 9 1,130 O O 1,130 0 0 I, X30 0 0 393 n *5 -

480 0 0 207 0 0 201 O 0 453 0 O 468 0 0 - - - - .

5,2 50 0 0 2,610 0 0 - * - - * - " - ! - - .

m m 60 0 0 —- - —

VI. 40 0 0

6,814 5 8 1,250 16 io{ 4,*05 14 3i 8,365 14 3i 8,342 17 »f 8,34* 17 •i 8.34* 17 if 8,365 14 si 8,54* 17 »j

1,130 0 1.337 8 6 X, I30 O O 980 9 O 1,130 0 0 1,113 xo 0 1,010 x8 0 1,132 0 0 1,130 0 0

1,095 O 0 1,095 0 O 687 O O 126 0 O 483 0 0 -

1,825 O 0 1,825 0 O 1,830 O O 1,825 0 O 1,825 0 0 1,825 0 0 1,830 0 0 190 0 c

• - - 365 0 0 365 0 O 366 O O 365 0 O 36s 0 0 360 0 0 366 0 0 33 0 c

436 0 O 282 0 0 651 0 0 195 0 0

3,220 0 0 4,114 10 3 >4^7 0 O 3,228 O O 3,220 0 0 3,220 0 0 3,220 0 0 3,228 0 0 3,220 0 0

212 0 0 •

2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 O 2,782 O o, 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0; 3,318 0 0 3,510 0 c

• . - _ _ . - _ - - - - . .

- " * " m V t " - ‘ " - "

340 0 0 ajj 0 0 322 1 1* .340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0 340 0 0

3,320 0 0 3>3*o 0 0 3,32° 0 3»3* 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,3*° 0 0 3,310 <3 0 3,328 0 0 3,310 0 c

3,320 6 2,960 23 0 $98 10 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 0 © 2,225 0 0 *>777 0 0 3,328 0 0 3>3«* 0 '

- - - 730 0 0 98 0 0 108 0 e

ii495 0 -1.495 e o- M95 0- 0 1,49* 0 0 1,495 0 O U495 0 0 630 2 6 1498 0 0 Mil; ‘i

141 0 0 224 0 c

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0. 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 250 0 0 1,029 10 h 1*575 6 c

1,095 0 0 1,095 O 0 1,095 O 0 1,098 0 0 1,095 0 O _ 1/595 0 0 1,09s 0 0 1,098 0 0 m 9 9

- " - •

Ui 0 0 0 5>25o 0 0 5,250 0 0 7,84s 9 4* 6,130 3 O 8,34* 17 *1 8,34* 17 8,365 14 s! S,34*7

939 15 6 1,262 5 6 ',574 4 10 1,130 0 0 1,13* 0 0 I?I30 3: 603 0

- - - " - - - T . 348 0 0 387 0 0 ISO 0 e

120 O O 120 0 0 120 0 0 120 0 0 120 0 0 120 G 0 120 0 G 120 0 0 24* a 1

248 O O 124 0 0 248 O 0 248 0 0 248 0 O 248 O 0 248 0 O 24S 0 0

3,520 0 0 3*520 0 3*5*0 0 0 3*528 0 0 4,820 0 0 5,250 0 0 5,250 0 0 5,260 0 0 545° °:

- - - - 87 0 0 365 0 O 365 O 0 365 0 O 366 0 0 36? 0 ' | ioi

- - - - 198 0 0 556 0 O a - - 4S0 0 0 232 0 . ’

- 9 m; m "■ * " - * i

i 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 2,225 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 0 O 2,225 O 0 *,*5 ° 0 2,658 3 II 2,225 ' 1

48 0 0

3,520 0 0 3,5*o 0 0 3,166 1 0 '.3*8 4 0 >5*0 -o 0 3,520 0 0 6,060 12 10 3,634 * 7} J>5!0 1 ‘ .£• 0

167 0 0 366 O 0 3*5 0 0 365 0 0 372 ° 0 366 0 0

■ - - - 640 0 0 658 O 0 . - - " . *

• - - - - , - - - - _ _ -

m *■ * m " - ' •

j 3,320 0 0 3»3*° 0 0 3»3*o 0 0 2,851 O 0 2,678 O 0 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,3*8 0 0 4I0 J:

360 0 0 180 0 0 360 0 0 291 13 «* 365 O 0 365 0 0 365 0 0 366 0 0 t;

-; - 444 0 0 a 4*4 0 0 - r 36* 0 0 is - urn 1

-Difitizeehby Googt

1190

Appendix.

A, 1803.

SALARIES TO

Estimaiec

THIRD C L a S S—continual. Annual Charge

q Af.All ffQ tn VfiVMTrR.1 to FOREIGN CoU R.TS, as laid before !

being Resident at the said Courts. rarliament 1786. in i 1787. 178 8. 1789. 179 0. 1791- 1792.

SWEDEN: £• >• d. £■ «• d. £■ 1. d. £• 1. d> . £■ t. d. £■ Sw d. £■ s. d.

Envoy Extra at Stockholm, £. 5 a day, £. 1,825 ) 2,225 O 0 2,225 0 0 1,398 l6 6 836 11 0 2,225 O 0 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0

D° - - Extra Disbursements - - 4C0 5

Charee des Affaires - - - J9S O 0 730 0 0 732 0 0 556 O 0 ——

Minister Plenipo. - - " 351 0 0

Secretary of Legation 1 - ~ ~ ' ’

DENMARK.: j

Envoy Extra and Pienipo. £.8 a day - £.2,920 ) 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0 3>32* c 0 3,32° O 0 3,320 0 0 3,l6l 0 0

D® - - Extra Dilbur fements - - 4CC S

Secretary of Legation ----- - - 320 0 0 365 0 0

Charge des Affaires ----- 75° 0 0

POLAND:

Minister at Warsaw, £.3 a day - - £.1,095 ) D° - - Extra Disbursements - - 400 $ M95 0 0 T»49 5 0 0 1.495 0 0 1,685 12 3 2,225 O 0 2,225 0 0 1,899 1 7

DRESDEN:

Envoy Extra, £.58 day - - - £. 1,825 ) D3 - - Extra Dilfcuricments - - - 400 $ 2,225 0 0 2,225 0 0 2,125 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,777 O 0 ! I 3,320 0 0 3,320 0 0

1 55 0 0

HANS TOWNS: ■

Minister, £.3 a day - £.1,095 ) D® - - Extra Disbursements - - 300 } U395 0 0 1.395 ° 0 1 > 39 5 0 0 1,39s 0 0 U395 O G 1,126 6 8 U395 0 0

Chatge des Affaire* ----- - - " 256 0 0

ELECTOR PALATINE:

Minister at Raiilbon, £. 3 a day - £.1,095 ) >.395 0 0 1.395 0 0 I>395 0 0 U994 0 0 2,125 O O 2,?25 0 0 2,125 0 0

D° - - Extra D.lbut laments - - - , 300 \

Charge des Affaires ----- Secretary of Legation ----- " " -

ELECTOR or COLOGNE:

Minister, £.3 a day - £. 1,095 } D° - - Extra Disbursements - 300 } L395 0 0 U395 0 0 1.395 0 0 1,398 0 o U395 O O U395 0 0 1,395 0 0

GENOA: ,

AMIENS:

Secretary of Legation ——

Alfistant Secretarj - - - * * * ’

MALTA:

Minister Plenipo. £.33 day - - - . _ - - - - ~ - - - * " "

D° — Extra Disbursements - - * *

AMERICA:

1 0 0

Secretary of Legation - - - - -; - -

Charge des Affaires - - - _ . 1 1 - - * - " * - - "

\ Minister to Landgrave of He lie Cassel - - 1 40c 0 0 500 0 0 5co 0 0 5 CO 0 0 500 O G 5C0 0 0 500 0 0

Consul at Madrid ----- 1,000 0 0 I, OCO 0 0 I, CCO 0 0 i.eco 0 0 1,000 O O I, CCO 0 0 1,coo 0 0

D° - at Cadie ----- i 200 0 0 200 0 0 2GO 0 0 200 0 0 2C0 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0

D° - at Carthagena - 1 300 0 0 1 300 0 0 3OO 0 0 300 0 0 300 O O 3r-° 0 0 3C0 0 0

D* - at Naples 400 0 0 400 0 0 400 0 0 4c 0 0 0 400 O O 4C° 0 0 4C0 0 0

D9 - at Corunna ----- 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 25O O O 250 0 0 250 0 0

D° - at Genoa ----- 250 0 0 237 12 H 250 0 0 25a 0 0 250 O O 250 0 0 250 0 0

Consul Gener..! at Morocco - Sco 0 0 99O O O I,l8o 0 0 1,180 0 0 i,iSo O O i i,iSo 0 0 1,180 0 0

D° - - at Tunis - - - I 500 0 0 500 O O 571 2 8 Z 00 0 0 Sco O 0 | Sco 0 c 3oo 0 0

D° - - - at Tripoli - - £.380 - -*\ ' - -1 - - - ) - - 380 0 0) 1 - - - -)

I)J Extra Distrurfe- ' 1 | 650 0 of 63O O 630 0 ° 555 3 $ I - - " / 1 j 9l7 7 7.010 0 o< 4

ments - - - 2 '.0 _ J i ’ ’ -J ' * i - - -3 - - 3 - - •3 1 - - -3

D° - - - at Z.-ntc - ! . 1 - - - I . 1 ——

D° - - - at Algiers - - £.600 - i 1 - 600 O - 6co 0 °) - . I 600 0 - -

D° Extra Disburse- V 1 1,085 11 * j ' f ‘ / 2»397 H 6 - - f " ( 1,235 8 3 /: 1 - f " i 1

menti - - - 485 11 6j 1 3

Consul and Agent Lower Saxony - . - - - . - . ——

Consul at Oft.nd, Newport, psil Bruges - 200 0 0 200 O O 200 0 0 200 0 0 2 CO 0 0 200 0 0 2C0 0 0

D‘J - at Maffach ulcUS Bay, &<•. - 1 i 0 0 5CO 0 O 5C0 0 0

D° - at Trieste 120 0 0 1 120 O O 6 6 8 222 10 61 250 0 0 25O 0 O 25O 0 0

2CQ 0 0 80O 0 0 8.0 0 0

D® - at Majorca, Minorca, and lvica 2CG 0 ICO 0 O 200 0 0 2CO 0 0 2CO 0 0 204 3 4 250 0 0

- at North and South Carolina and Georgia - . - . 80c 0 0 8co 0 0 800 0 0 Sco 0 0 800 0 0

Cunlul G-aera. at America - I , -CO c 11 1 1,coo 0 O 1,600 0 0 I, OCO 0 0 I, CCO 0 0 I, OCO 0 0 1 ,cco 0 0

D® - .*nd Commissary to United States in D» - - _ 1 618 15 O 825 0 0 8*5 0 0 S25 0 0 825 0 0 i>075 0 0

Consul General to Grand Cairo _ 350 0 0 350 0 0 35° 0 0 35° 0 0 35° 0 0 35° 0 0 35° 0 0

Consul at Aniftcrdarn - 200 0 0 2CO 0 0 2CO 0 0 200 0 0

70,852 2 10 75>*66 1 XI 78,2^6 >5 3 4' .81,323 3 61 86.733 11 °5 87,786 12 9 95.67? 7 7

MINISTER YEARS'Em,

In the

793-

£■ «• i

2.230 O O 26S o o 366 0 0

2.230 o 0

366 o 620 o

1,498 o o

3,328 o 366 o

1,398 o 0

2,130 0 0

1,398 o 0

2,230 0 0

5C0

I, CCO

230

330

4CO

250

250

i,iSo S to

hV 5

0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 C

0 0 0 0

*794.

2,225 0 e

195 c 0

1,495 0 0

3,320 0 8 365 0

hi95 0 3

2,125 0:

1,355 0 c,

756 > nil

5£C C

I^co e ;co 0 3:0 0 400 ° 25c c 250

i,iSo

Sco c

s s;-|| '•& ‘

i,65,-

300 2 CO 5 CO

350

Sco

250

Sco

» i 1*

J

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1191

TO FOREIGN COURTS—continued.

the 5th Day of January

A-

I79.V 1796. v J 7 97- 1798.

£■ d. £■ *• d. £■ >■ d. £■ *■ d.

».77* >9 6 1,120 0 0 2,230 0 0 2,225 O 0

84 O 0 73° 0 0 182 O 0 -

— —

j6s 0 0 565 0 0 3f 6 0 0 365 0 0

2;225 0 0 2, ZI5 0 0 2,250 0 0 2,225 O 0

365 0 0 365 0 0 366 0 0 3 *5 0 0

174 0 0 730 0 0

i,-495 0 0 743 0 0 -

3,32° O 0 3,310 0 0 3,3:S 0 0 3,3:0 0 0

365 0 0 365 0 0 366 0 0 365 0 0

1.395 0 0 j,395 0 0 1,39* ° 0 *>395 ° 0

- - - w

2,125 O 0 2,125 0 0 2,130 0 0 2,125 0 0

_ _ . ——

- - - - * '

«»395 0 6 *>395 0 0 1,3-rjS O 0 i»395 0 0

M95 0 O i,495 0 0 1,498 O 0 U495 0 0

__ _ _ _ -

- " - '

m _ — _

2,245 0 O 1,690 0 0 i,945 16 11 3,320 0

m m - - - 304 0 0 365 0 °(

- - 2S6 0 0 262 O 0

5 GO O O 500 0 0 5CO O 0 5 CO 0 0

I, CCO O O I,coo 0 0 1,coo 0 0 I, CCO 0 0

200 O O 2CO O 0 2CO O 0 2 CO O 0

0 O O O 3OO O 0 300 0 0 3CO O 0

4CO O O 400 0 0 4CO O 0 2C0 0 0

0 0 0 25O O 0 250 0 0 25O O 0

0 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

1,180 0 0 I, IoO O 0 1,1 So O 0 1,18 0 0 0

800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 8co 0 0

380 0

492 10 °c - \ - t 3S0 0 0 3S0 0 0

- - - -)

200 0 0 2CO O 0 200 0 0 200 0 0

0 O wo °) 6co 0 °)

- { L - \ ‘ L 6C9 17 9l 9*7 0 2

- -3 - -)

400 0 0 400 0 0 400 0 0 400 0 0

2CO 0 0 150 0 0 — *—

0 0 0 500 0 0 5 co 0 0 500 0 0

250 0 0 250 0 0 25c 0 0 250 0 0

Sco 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

Sco 0 0 Sco 0 0 8co 0 0 8co 0 0

1,730 10 0 1,730 0 0 1,730 10 0 1,730 10 0

1,387 0 0 1,387 9 0 1,387 0 0 1,387 0 0

2 CO O 0 200 0 0 — ' —

,647 4 ioj 83,034 11 9l 7I>5So *3 3s 63,614 10 2

t 7PP-

£■ »• 4-

2.225 O O 365 o o

2.225 o o 365 o o

3,320 o o 365 00

1,395

2,125 o o

1,395 o o

4,685 o o

500 0 0 5C0

1,coo 0 0 1,000

200 O O 200

3OO O O 300

- 400

150 0 0 250

0 0 0 250

1,180 0 0 1,180

Sco 0 0 Sco

830 0 0 830

2CO O O 2CO

6co 0 0 1,217

0 0 0 0 4S0

500 0 0 8 co

150 0 0 250

Sco 0 0 8co

250 0 0 250

51 2 2* Sco

1,730 10 0 1,649

i>3s7 0 0 i,729

58,65312 21 68,047

1800.

£. i.

2.225 o o 365 o o

2.225 o o 330 o o

3,320 o o 365 o o

1,395 0 0

60 o o

i,2CO O O

482 O O

1,395 0 o

4,685 o o

3 °t

180 1. 18 0 2. ) 1803.

£■ s. d. £■ *• d. £- X. d.

2,225 0 0 213 17 9 C 1,3*0 0 0

; 300 I 9° 0 0

492' 0 0 178 O 0 0 0

365 0 0 365 0 0

2,225 0 0 213 17 9 r 2*375 0 0

_ _ - - 1 33* *7 9

484 0 0 L 275 0 0

3>32° 0 0 3,320 0 0 r 2,920 0 0

1 4co 0 0

365 0 0 365 0 0 \ 3 65 0 0

J 183 0 0

L 204 0 0 j

i,395 0 0 *.395 0 0 r 270 0 0

J 75 0 0 1

716 0 0 - - ) 730 0 0 1

L 186 0 0

2,225 6 0 2,225 ° 0 C 9°5 0 0 1

\ 1,4*2 0 0 1

502 0 0 - < 400 0 o

- - 320 0 0 / 399 0 0 1

L 362 0 0

U395 0 0 1,242 0 0 < *.°9; 1 578 0 6 0 8

— —

130 0 0 j 73° 0 0

- 93 7 9i t 4°° 0 0

5 82S 0 0

- " ' I *-5 0 0

C 72° 0 0

\ 350 0 0

4,635 0 0 4,685 0 0 < 365 0 0

(. 730 0 0

5C0 0 0 211 6 9i 500 0 0

1,000 c 0 1,000 0 0 5C0 0 0

200 0 0 200 0 0 380 0 0

3 co 0 0 300 0 0 300 0 0

400 0 0 40 0 0 0 400 0 0

— —

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0 1,180 0 0

800 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

830 830 0 ( 3S0 0 0

0 0 0 I 45° 0 0

2 CO 0 0 200 0 0 200 0 0

5 600 t 701 0 0

1,285 5 0 1,251 0 6 17 3

480 0 0 480 0 0 480 0 0 1

8co 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0 1

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

800 0 0 8co 0 0 800 0 0

250 0 0 250 0 0 250 0 0

8co 0 0 800 0 0 800 0 0

i,73° 10 0 1,730 10 0 1»73° 10 0

i,75° 0 0 1,750 0 0 i*75° 0 0

— —

— — 1

|7i,996 5 H 65,284 1 Qi io\ 89,897 17 °i 1 8, . I rwl

SWEDEN*

Envoy Extra at Stockholm, £.5 a day, Jof a year D° - - Extra Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation.

DENMARK?

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £.% a day.

DJ - - Extra Disbursements. Secretary of Legation.

DRESDEN:

Envoy Extra and PlenipS. /T.8 a day.

D® - - Extra Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day.

D° - - Additional Allowance.

Charge des Affaires.

HANS TOWNS*

‘fident, £ 3 day, for J of a year. ’

D® - - Extra Disbursements.

Charge des Affaires, £.2 a day.

Agent.

ELECTOR PALATINE:

Envoy Extra at £. 5 a day, J a yaar.

Envoy Extra and Plenipo. £. % a day, \ a year. Extra Disbursements.

.Secretary of Legation.

Charge des Affaires.

ELECTOR of COLOGNE:

Minister Plenipo. ^.3 a day.

D° — Extra Disbursements.

AMIENS:

Secretary of Embassy, £• % a day. D° - - Extra Disbursements.

MALTA*

Minister Plenipo. £. 3 a day.

D° — Extra Disbursements.

AMERICA:

Envoy Ext’ and Plen. £. 8 a day, $ a year.

D° - - Ext’ Disbursements.

Secretary of Legation. £. x a day.

Charge des Affaires, £.z a day.

Mi niff er to Landgrave Hesse Cassel.

Consul at Madrid.

D° - Cadi*.

D° - Carthagena.

D® - Naples.

D° - Genoa.

Consul General at Morocco.

D° at Tunis.

D° - at Tripoli.

D® - - Ext’ Disbursements. '

Consul General at Zante.

D° - - at Algiers.

D° - - Ext’ Disbursements.

Consul and Agent Lower Saxony*

Consul at Massachusetts Bay, &«.

D° - at Trieste.

D° - at Virginia.

D° - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica.

D° - at North and South Carolina and Georgia. Consul General to America.

D° - - and Commissary to United States in D°.

jogte-

o

1192

Appendix.

A. 1803.

pendix,

>• 75-)

| JlllHy

Appendix (I.)-A 1'PltO VED BILLS OF

ALL

i Efti mated

j Annual Charge

FOURTH CLASS. . 4 His | Civil Lifi, — — — — ■— — — — IN THE YEARS 1 ENDING

1 as laid bet re

1 Puiiiamc.-.t in I 17 86. f 17 7- 1 7 8 8. 1 7 ! 3o. l 7 0 0. 179 1- 1 79 2. 1 7 9 3-

The APPROVED BILLS of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Lab Hirers, for ( 4

f £ £ *•

any Articles supplied, or W ark done, for His Majesty’s Service.

£■ *- d. £ S. £ s. d. £■ s. d. i. d. r/. £ *. £■ ‘ i. i.

Bills within the Department of the Lora 8 36,460 61 4*>/57 5 43

Chamberlain 43,coo 0 r 4G393 12 36^42 5 17 11 1 46,407 15 49*5» 9 4l 53,76? i5 r

£)o .... of the Lord Steward D0 - - - - of the M-nlcr of the 50,300 0 0 5M54S 8 4 ’ 49>/27 11 . T 50-.739 0 4; 54*935 9 Si 50,220 O 22,098 8 6 51*009 9 4v 56.T14 4 5!

Herle 23,000 0 0 22,582 8 5 21,4.70 *9 II 22, C ! 2 10 1 22,202 1 8 11 22.050 9 7 2 5 j ^- 3 11 6

- - - - of the Ma.lcr of the

Robes - 2,2CO O O | a, 19S 5 9' i>942 *3 2 2,c?3 26 , T J> - 2,429 6 4 2.3-1 3 2 -*923 13 1 3»:95 10

D° - - - - of the I; iher of the Court 1,2 2S

of Exchequer - 1.200 O O L33* 11 0 M63 J9 I I 7 6 H177 1 3 2,272 9 10 1,183 9 0 *»-7 7 is

D° - - - - of the LTl"her of the Re- 1 3.417 3

ccipt or ]>* 7,coo 0 0 6,617 6 10 ^>c 57 18 8; *>179 13 \r\ g # - r h 18 4 3^ 9*425 9 5 9/:4 15

D°, for Printing, kc. - D°, for Stationary for the Houses of Lords 7, CGO 0 0 8,966 9 61 7,230 15 IC I 7*725 5 s 9-'y 7 11 M>5 * c [ 11,775 2 5

and Commons - 2,0 C O O O 2,52s 1 0 i*5*9 16 c H4 4 *4 4r 1;7{,4 1 -5 r 1,551 16 o’, 1,619 6 $:' 2, H9 'i

D° of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes II, CCO 0 0 3*225 7 3 3,104 1 5 l - 4,2:0 5 0 — — -

147,200 0 0 139402 10 4 \ j 131,710 1 2 V 1 1 * 30,05 \ 5 I i ’ ‘ I ", 1.270 1 2 3.; * 35-9 54 s ~ I 150,079 8 8J 167,57^ 14 3!

1 1 Efi. mated |

Anni,.. ! t’h >gc j

FOURTH CLASS. H M:.jeJ>C C. ■, 1 -— — ' I N THE YEARS ENDING

i j i‘ .1 1 ! V in | 1 7 f , 1 7: st- 1 1' 8 8. 17: 3 p. 1 700. 1 7 y 1 1 7 9 -■ 17 ? a-

APPROVED BILLS within the j 1 1

Department of j £■ »• d.; £■ t. d. c t. d. £■ d. £■ X. i. £• «• r/. »• J. yf. r. /

The Lord Chamberlain - - - - 1 43,000 0 0; 41.393 12 1 ’ 36,942 5 8 36,460 17 11 4 ’.4°7 :5 6 40.767 5 4., 4S >15Z 9 4’ 55.T33 13 I]

The Lord Steward - - - - | 50,000 0 0 J 5°.54l 8 4^ 49>727 11 4l 5C*7 39 0 4 57/;: 5 9 c 1 £0,220 O 6 51,009 9 4t | 56.714 4 5;

The Master of the Horse ... 23,000 0 0 ! 22,582 8 5 21,470 *9 11 22,012 10 1 22,202 1 8 22,098 8 11 22,990 9 7 25/25 11 6

The Master of the Robe* - 2,2CO O O | 2,198 5 9* 1*942 *3 2 2,083 16 3-. 2,4:9 6 4 2*?7I 3 2 2,023 13 1 3-095 10 a

£ I lS,2CO O O ' 116,722 i 14 9 i 10,083 10 u I 11,296 1 . 4 7’ .'25,904 12 11: 117,456 17 iT 126,076 1 1 5 13;*4: 2

The U/her of the Court of Exchequer 1,200 O O G332 11 0 '.563 *9 IT 1,228 7 6 1,117 1 3 1,2^2 9 10 I,!?3 9 0 ».jc: 'J:

The Ulher of the Receipt of D* 7,000 0 0 6,627 6 10 8.057 18 S’ S.379 13 IC-1. 8,1.6 rS 4 Q r-> mv/ a 5', 9425 9 5 0,-24 M' .1

For Printing, &c. - 7,000 0 0 8,966 9 61 7,*3° 15 lc 1 7>725 5 8 9,566 7 111 G, S: 5 * c’ ! 11*775 s 1 5 HV-r1: ‘o

For Stationary for the Houses of Lords and 1 '

Commons ----- 2,800 0 0 2,528 1 0 1,567 16 ci I,4C4 H 4’ 1,704 16 9 I,t T2 16 C i j 1,619 6 T -

£ 18,000 0 0 *9-454 I 8 41 18,4X2 10 6 j- l8,73S 1 4! 21,065 4 - - I/. 4 - JO 2 ’ | 24,003 7 V j 2s. 176 n i-., ' 1

Appendix (K.)

CLASS V.

The MENIAL SERVANTS of IliS MAJESTY’S HOETSrHOLD.

E STI M AT E of i;S6.

The Lnrd Steward, paid at the

, I-.xchcputm -Salar if* to the TfoiiEh/d Ailnvarocs to L)'J -

fc.zrd \V":'cs to Perf.T.j r.or under toe Lord Steward D° - - - to the Chapels -

▼fages to the Chapels -

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at

the Exchequer -Salaries in the Lore Chamber-1 fin's Office -

Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer -

The Ciroom of the Sto’c, at T>’ Twelve Ger.tlcr.n*n or 11is M-jf*1y s Le-ichanaber, ai 1 at Thirteen Groorr.> of I)1 _ JV Apothecary Hi* j>

V * " - to the House hold -

& x. J.

540 0 0

4 0

fc»57 5 *7 6

7.40 0 0

4*^7 4 7 7

4i5 14 7

3jCoo 0 c

23*673 5 9

6:0 0 r

2,00 j 0 0

12,000 0 c

6,500 0 C!

2 '5 0 c

5 3 6 8

Salaries to the Office of M -der of the Horse U" - - to tie Olace of of the Robe.

£ *• d.

*9.-53 3

47,$41 IX

12,790 I9

j,o8o o

9- 9^5 »5 5

Years

mefi'd 5ti January

17S7 1788 1 7S9 1790

1 79 1

1792

1793

1794

1795

1796

1797 179S

1799

1800

1S01

i8ox

1803

£ s. d.

*9.742 *7 2

»S.SiS 6 10

?9»‘>73 2 *7

89,9-9 J4 - L / -r

89»>35 J5 IO

90,012 9 8£

90,270 4 81

90,259 1 41

89,830 3 7

89,989 1 5-1-

90,835 6 11

89,871 10 11

90^33 17 0

92,568 6 8

95,*79 0

95*794 8 8

96,000 3 0

CLASS VI.

PENSION LIS T.

1 PENSIONS.: P-.fr-.sm 1 la 1:: i m. s a' e ■>-'-*■

ElTIMAT T. laid Lvfo, r. I’a* 1 a- > rr.cnt in 1 .6 J /• s. a. 1 92.58.4 4 4 | j£ ' *• J- ! 0 1 ?..« 5 0 0

Amount in ^>ars ending cth January 1787 - 88,-93 16 7; 9,^5 0 c

1788 - 86,761 9 2T 9,7:8 0 0

17S9 - 85,623 9 S' rc.qTi 0 c

1790 - 81,980 9 5 10,6 06 1 3 1

1791 - 77/ 71 3 5 10,1/; c 0

1792 - 79^77 6 9 10,/y 0 0

1793 - 7^' 594 1 4 :t,v4 9 2

’794 - 76»^5- 13: IS:.'2 11

1795 - 80,279 9 i53-;53 S

1796 - 82,507 2 10 1 i7*5r4 5 7

1797 - ?i»9 5f 5 3' l8, !4 0 0

1798 - Si,- i; ii O 0

1799 - ;v ' .: r; ! iZ

1800 - j 1 * -■ 5: 7 0

1 1801 - j i-I>7- 5 5 7V| 2: *1 ® 3 T 1 /'■

Ifct - I S:>7Q5 3 i:'| 2+*44^ 7 9;!

1-13 - j 7> , ) -T T N 111 * 3 .1! m 1

I4.-51

H»4C3

3*3/6 15 ,:iV

4* Vi? 7 , pv

v;1 :’ . ' ! 1:1 ' l

v.' 3 1 <■ 1

-'I. 5 S' - 1: ‘

6 ■;

3 1' *" i

1.005 4 j

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1193

TRADESMEN, ARTIFICERS, See. be.

FIFTH JANUARY

>7 94- 1795- 1796. 1 797* 1798. >7 0 0. 1 S 00. 180 1. 1802. 1 1803.

£ *• 4. £ 4. £ 9. 4. £ *- 4. £■ s. 4. £■ s. 4. £. d. £ *. 4. £ > 4. £ s. 4.

45*545 *1 61,423 13 4i 70,147 * 7 59,866 3 9 59.09+ *4 0} 48,919 1 2 66,152 4 7| 74*449 *3 78,541 6 °» 94,192 14 oj

61,621 15 2i 65,462 17 9 85*03 6 H 79*885 17 8 81,881 0 4! 79.59* 5 3i *7,>99 3 '»i 85,147 8 4 83,363 6 84,380 19 icj

*3>544 3 9 25,366 3 3 26,030 3 6 26,798 17 10 24,582 2 9 25,831 8 7 18,178 15 5f 33,182 10 %\ 29,164 16 6 29,174 12 3

2,184 3 8 2,863 O 0 3>c55 2 0 2,202 14 6 3,243 16 0 1,936 *9 0 1,562 6 0 2,604 7 0 3*483 *4 0 1,940 8 0

*274 9 2 *>5^4 *7 8 1,560 12 3 M3* * 0 *»3T4 12 4 1,311 6 1 1,291 17 10 1,440 11 X 1,565 10 4 1,630 9 ft

IO,2CO 2 1 10,772 13 °4 14,284 14 51 11,947 16 2 2,836 12 ——

*4>°39 6 1 12,508 15 55 10,914 19 9 11,670 7 4 { 15,no 16 9 I3, SS3 5 7\ 14,885 0 0 16,618 6 0 19*32 12 9 26494 I o(

1,850 13 5i 2,272 11 5 3.+* 4 5 485 19 1 *795 8 0} 1,819 IO X *,964 18 9j 2,604 3 8 3,56i 2 *1 3,121 0 0

160,260 1 lS2,254 11 n’ 214,884 14 5i 196,288 17 4 h 189,859 2 7i i 15 9il O •o to rt O N 216,046 19 11 219,1x2 9 34 *40.934 4 5 1

FIFTH JAN U A R Y

1794- 17 95* 1796. J797- I 798. 179 9- 1 So 0. 18 0 1. 180‘2. 1 1 803.

£. *• i- 45.5+5 * >i 6i,6n 15 2J *3.54+ 3 9 2,184. 3 8 £ 9. d. 61,423 13 4! 65,462 17 9 25,366 3 3 2,863 0 0 £ «. 4. 7°*147 * 7 85,403 6 6i 26,030 3 6; 3*°55 * 0 af. '• * 59,866 3 9 79,885 17 8 26,798 17 10 2,202 14 6 £ 4- 59,094. 14 ol 81,881 0 24,582 2 9 3,243 16 0 £. *■ <*• 48,919 I 2 79* 59* 5 3+ 25,832 8 7 1,936 19 0 £. s. 66,152 4 7| *7,>99 3 *i *,>7* >5 5i 1,562 6 0 £. d. 74,449 ij 11 85, >47 8 4 33,182 10 8| 2,624 7 0 £. d. 78,541 6 ©J 83,363 6 6{ 29,164 16 6 3,483 14 0 £. s. 4. 94,192 14 oj 84,380 19 io£ 29,*74 1* 3 1,940 8 0

132,895 10 9 »J5.>>5 >4 4i 184,636 3 n\ >62.753 >3 9 160,801 13 >]- 156,286 14 cj 183,09a 9 3' '95,3*3 >9 * *94,553 3 * 209,688 14

>.*74 9 * 1,584 17 8 1,560 12 3 M3* * 0 *,314 12 4 1,321 6 1 1,291 17 IO 1,440 XI I 1,565 10 4 1,630 9 2

IO,2CO 2 I 10,772 13 01 14,284 14 51 11,947 16 2 2,836 12 4l ——

14,039 6 I 12,508 15 5I *0*9*4 *9 9 11,670 7 4* 15,110 16 9 13,* 3 5 71 14,885 O O 16,618 6 0 19,43212 $ 26,494 1

>,*5° >3 54 2,272 11 5 3*S3 4 5 2*85 19 1 *,795 °i 1,819 10 I 1,964 l8 9J 2,604 3 8 3.561 3 1$ 3,121 0 0

27,364 10 9> 27,138 17 ci 30,248 10 icj *7,535 3 7j 21,057 9 5i 17,024 10 91 l8, I4I l6 7J 20,663 0 9 24,559 6 ij 31,245 10

Appendix (M.)

CLASS VIE

The SALARIES of all other Places payable out of the C\vil List Revenues.

YEARS ended 5th January

17S7 - - - -178S ——

J7S9 ——

1790 ——

1791 ——

1792 - - - '

*793 ——

1794 ——

*795 ......

1796 ——

J797 ——

1798 ——

,799 ——

1S00 ——

1801 - - - ,

1802 -

ESTIMATE of 1786.

£' S1.440. c. 1.'

CHARGE.

£■ 5.

82,098 IO

83,618 O

83,914 3 9l

81*05 j *i

84,200 6 5f

79,522 12 9l

77,73* 16 7i

74,214 *7 Si

68,136 5

65,219 18 *1

67,381 16 O

67,381 16 O

67,381 16 O

63,664 6 3

63,677 >5

63,739 6 3

Appendix (N.)

CLASS VIII.

The SALARIES and PENSIONS of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

YEARS ended 5th January

1787 -

1788 -

1789 -

1790 -

1791 -

179a - -

*793 -

*794 - "

1795 " - "

1796 -

1797 -

1798 -

,799 -

1800 - - -,801 -

i8ot -

ESTIMATE of

1 7 86.

£ *3»^22* o.

£ 1. 4.

*3,595 3 10 \

*3,822 0 0

13,822 0 0

13,822 0 c

13,822 0 0

13,822 0 0

13,822 0 0

13,822 0 0

13,822 0 0

13*22 0 0

13,822 0 0

0 9

13,821 0 0

13,82* 0 0

13,6* 0 0

iS,*»i 0 0

1194

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix (0.)—A CCOUNT of the_ Anumd

total of

Special Service and Royal Bounty

Fortign Secret Service

Home Secret Service -

Sheriff* for Conviction of Felon*

D° - for Overpayment* on their Accounts -Sundry Ministers, £. 10 each for their Passage to the Plantations -

Law Charges

Horse Patrol for the different Roads Public Office, Bow-street, including the Horse Patrol -

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -

Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -

po «... Foreign Department

D° - - - - Home Department -

D° - - - - War Department -

D° - Lord Chamberlain’s Depattment -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts

Extra Extraordinaries to D*

For the Protestant Dissenting Mim.lers in England -P° .... - Ireland -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant

Clergy ......

D° - D° Laity -Lord Almonei, for Alms -

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor -

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland House Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury - -

D° - - Kensington Palace and Garden

Expences of Windsor Great Park Fees, &c. on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Contingent Expences of the Treasury -Secretary of S.ate, Foreign Department, for "n- Contingencies -D® - - - - Stationary -

D° - - - - Lind T»X -

Secretary of Sure, H me Department, for Contingencies -D° - - - - Stationary -

D° - - - - Land Tax -

Secretary of State, War Department, for Contingencies -D° - - - - Stationary -

D* - - - - Land Tax -

Contingent Expences of the Office, for India Affairs ——

D# - - - Committee for Trade and Plantations ——

D° - - - Privy Council

His Majesty’s Charity to sundry Female Objects f in Diltrels, paid at the f Treasury- - - - -J

Fees, &c. on Receipt of that Sum ——

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their Return Home -

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the Ifie of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protcfianrs Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons Chairman of the Sessions at Westminstercr, for Dinners -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -

Mayor, Aldermen, &c. of London, Impost on Wine ——

Vaudois Churches

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court -Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage, and in lieu of Plate Reimburscment to Officers of the Houlchoid, for Monies overpaid -Expences of St. James’s and Hyde Parks Occasional Contingencies in the Department of the Lord Steward -D° - - - - Matter of the Horse -

Incidental Expences attending the Repairs, of the Hjufes of Parliament, and Speaker's House -Incidental Expences resprcVing the Royal Palaces at Windsor and Hampton Court -Expence of Wo.ks at Carlcion House -- - - - - Oatlanus -

Expences attending invetting Foreign Princes with the Order of the Garter -Expences on Account of a Court of Judicature in Newfoundland

Expences attending Mr. Hailings’s Trial - I Presents to distinguished Individuals -Conjpensations for Losses "

Passage of an Ambassador from the Barbary States - 3

Ettimarcd Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil LiH, according to the Account laid before Parliament in

17 86.

— CHARGE F

20.000 O O

25.000 O O

10.000 o o

13.000 o o 3,000 o o

200 O O

7,;oo o o 2.806 1 o

2,500 o o 12 >000 O o

2,000 O O

1,500 o 0

1,700 o o 8co o o

i,7iS 4-

£,$72 16 o 1,119 0 0

900 o o

T, OCO O C 220 l6 O

316 i3 6 323 16 6

5th January

178 / •

s. d.

24,003 6 3z

25*727 16 7

io,6co 0 0

12,020 0 0

5th January

1 7 8 8.

3,804 14 IX

140 o o

6,cco o o 2,913 19 6

3,158 14 6 16,000 o o

52 14 O 150 o o

4.000 o o

1,741 12 o

2.000 o o

2,600 o o

2,000 O

£■ 8. d.

1,200 O ° \

- 32 13 . t

2,000 0 0

250 0 0

700 0 0

1,232 13 6

1,500 0 0

1,000 0 0

500 0 0

500 0 0

1,409 0 0

218 8 8

400 0 0

98 14 0

1,345 10 4

300 0 0

i, Sco 0

2;293 12

1,700 0

Sco 0

t,7*8 4

6,872 ! 6

1,119 0

9 CO 0

I, coo 0

220 16

326 18

3*3 16

5* 14

150 0

4,256 1

870 17

*,371 11

2,955 12

2,425 14

9*

138,476 4 6

2,700 2 7

2,225 o o

1,200 O O

1,262 19 6

1,926 o 6

339 15 6

485 o o 218 8 6

55i

96 ii o 1,845 10 4

168 13

600 o o

699 10 o

5<h January

1789.

£. u d 35,1*5 11

39,8*4

IO, CCO

5,060

2,645

220

4,000 O 2,266 8

1,861 12 o

7,cco o o

2,500 o o 5,582 18 5

1,700 o o 8co o o

1,718 4 c

6,872 16 o 1,119 0 c

900 o i,coo e 220 16 316 18 323 16

/:. *. d.

28,209 iS 7

21,5c S 8 o 10,000 o c

6,820 o o

3>>s3 4

60 o

8,oco o o 2,266 8 6

1,602 12 o 19,000 o o

2,500

55*

1,700

800

i,*mS

6,8-2

1,119

500

o o 2 6

4 o

i6

o

52 14 o 150 o o 4,719 17 s

i,75* 2 6

1,672 9 2

5,888 ix 1

2,004 10

3, So3 o 2 2,221 8 5

1,232 13 6

471 10 6

i,9*5 *3 4

465 10 o

218 8 6

306 1 o

98 14 o

1,845 10 4

89 6 9

323

5*

150

4,5*3

1,316

3,*37

16 c 18 6 16 6

4 o

18 2!

5th January 1 7 0 0.

L x. d

37,*59 7 2

32,154 1 6

6,000 0 0

7,37o 0 0

2,464 6 9i

20 0 0

6,318 $ 8

3»5C4 16 0

2,457 6 9

i8,cco 0 0 - i: i 1

2, IcO 0 0

>.5S6 10 6

I,7C0 0 0

800 0 0

1,71« 4 0

6, -."2 16 0

1,119 0 0

900 0 0

I, COO 0 0

22 0 16 0

31b 18 6

3*3 16 6

52 14 0

* ‘i0 0 0

i 4:444 17 4t

2, ;S6 6 O

5th January 179 1

r. 4.

31,656 8 11

26,221 10 6

K, 00 O C

9, ICO o c

2,850 11 5

ICO o o

2-000 O o 3,051 10 o

5th January

5lh

2,258 19 3

16,000 o o

5,400 o o

3j401 6 3

1,700 o o 800 o o

1.718 4 o 6,872 16 o 1,119 o o

9-0 o o

I, CoO o o

22 0 lf» C 31618 6

313 16 6

52 14 150 o 4,782 12

1,359 8 9

1,046

t

o 11

4.5*9 5 4

1,237 o o

*49,^35 7 11^170,084 11 94

2,056 6 3-

3,2"S 1 11

3,646 19 4*

3,123 15 11 2.1T4 15 6

i,75i

1,948

4,55! 18 11

3,109 7 9

,232 13 6 *,23* *3 6

3,434 10 6

2,002 6 II

4*5 4 5! 515 10 o 218 8 6

ICO 16 o 1,815 IO 4

s3 7 9

2,017 3 o

*,014 I? 3

488 12 3?1

533 o c

218 8 6

641 02

94 10 c 1,815 10 4

191 16 3

2,000 o o

>34 *

3.735 >5 0

3, SSi 5 10

1,23s 13 6

1,981 IO o

1,9*3 3 11

53* iS 9

4"* 10 0

213 *3 6

98 :4 0

1,815 10 4

169 12 9

I,cCO 0 0

ISO 8 0

1792. 17 9:3-

£■ 1. d

11,388 13 r.J 23~ji i

■2,244 4 9 *4-y',3 r:

ic,^oo 0 0 icpx -

6,050 0 0 7,430 0

*>c84 j 91. i,;-3 6

0 0 120 0

8,117 I I I2, CC0 0

3,901 17 6 3,;1* Ij

2,024 J7 3 *,342 9

iS,coo 0 0 1C/JCC c

Sco 0 0 5»-46 <9

5,791 11 11 6,642 5

1,700 0 0 1, Too 0

Sco 0 0 trCO C

1.718 4 0 4

6.S^i 16 0 6.872 16

1,119 0 0 1,119 c

9.0 0 0 9:0 c

1, CC0 0 c I.CCO 0

2 AO |6

323 16 52 14

I'O 0

3,7*0 5

i,75i 2 2,130 18

2,474 0 4

2,20/ 0 IO

*.435 8 6 1,854 * 1

4,219 6 0 1,049 3 8

1,232 >3 6

1,228

5*4

L370

218

98

i, Si3

3

10 si 0 c 13 6

r4 0

5 0

6 0

2-0 ID

3*3

52II

150; 5,:n ij

1,835 *4 4,59s *7

7,117 1,371 i3

3,934 *3

4"s 3

2,# 1;

1, --r-'i

1,101 I. 406 Ij*

M40 0

21S »3

04 I-

1.8 *3 5

‘ I

H5>2,4 5 7* 166,621 12 161,135 10 /i

too O 0

is* 17 6

; 5,705 10 3

j6i,5

43 Geo. III.

Appendix

1195

£ His Majesty’s CIVIL LIST for the last Seventeen Years. c. II 1

8* Ji

THE YEARS ENDED - — contin

5th January 5th Januari 5th Januar; 5th January 5th January 5th January 5til January 1 5th January 5th January 1 5th January

1 794- 179 5. 1796. 179 7- 1798. 1 7 9 9. 1800. 18 0 1. 180 2. 1803.

rf. £. d. £. s. </. £. /. £. s. a 1. £. «. J. £. s. d. j £■ *• *• £■ 1. a £. s. d.

82,206 8 i)7 13 3-s 31>2^4 7 0 4S.439 7 * :i *5.115 15 39>2(i4 10 S 93,712 16 7 75»*53 5 11 I 105,061 I 7 76,70a 16 10

I 2 5,coo o 0 15,000 0 0 2 5,000 0 0 2 5,000 0 2 25,000 O 1 0 25,000 0 0 2 5, CCO 0 0 25,000 O O 25,000 O O 25,00c 0 0

I 10,000 o 0 JO.CCO 0 0 10,000 0 0 10,000 0 3 10,000 O < 0 10,coo 0 0 JC, CCO 0 0 I 5,0.0 O O 10,000 0 0 10,000 0 6

I 8,200 o 0 5,810 0 0 3,250 0 0 4,010 0 3 9,650 O 4 0 6,870 0 0 6,6So 0 0 I 4,268 O O f 12,340 0 0 ( *4,220 O O j 7>59° 0 0

I *>859 *7 5J 487 14 4! 864 19 4* 3>202 * >; 1,964 II 4 9J 900 19 6; 4,538 19 11^ t I *>93° * 6; i S *>°55 * 3 f *.354 7 4 , > 69 11 11 y

1 IOO o c SO O 0 Co 0 0 160 0 c 60 O < 3 I 120 O O 40 0 0 I 40 0 0 ( 80 0 0 I *20 O O | 80 0 6

1 8,cco o c I2, OCO O 0 18,000 0 0 2,828 2 S 35,coo 0 < 3 I 15,000 O O 15,000 0 0 10,oco 0 0 5,000 O O 5,000 0 0

I 3>435 *9 < — —' - — —

I 1,532 10 c 5,062 8 9>45* 12 3 9>512 4 < 1 9,803 j ,i [ 10,o81 3 IO 9,584 *3 * 9,72S 3 2 9,648 14 O t*>^37 2

I 1,531 19 6 T, Soi I! 6 i>5»5 7 0 i,8co 9 c 9,741 13 < > 1,777 * 4] *>748 7 44 2,270 15 'i* \ 2>35° *7 3 *>473 *4 6

I 20>CC0 0 C 26,000 0 3 24,000 0 0 15,000 0 c 3>45i 8 < i — — I — — —

I " - * 6,000 0 c 13,000 0 c > 1 10,000 0 0 20, COO O O j 25,000 0 0 15,000 0 0 17,000 0 0

5,500 0 c > 15*4*3 13 * 13,000 O O J 10,000 0 0 7,500 0 0 6,coo 0 0

2,500 0 c > 2,600 0 0 4,400 O O I 4, oco 0 0 2,coo 0 0 3.000 0 6

2,428 16 9 1,358 14 5 I 1,306 4 4 1,428 9 11 1,469 14 6

I 1,100 0 0 5,3 co 0 c 3, COO 0 c ) - - - 9,693 13 c > 1,081 16 0 3,300 O O I 3,000 0 0 4,700 0 0 8,376 0 6

I 5,012 10 0 6,896 7 £ 6,046 7 1] 2,613 18 II 18,873 3 5 22,43° 4 * 5.325 8 0 18,623 *8 3 f 8,57* 3 i *2,606 j 6: 17,16714 x

1 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 c 1,7^0 O C 1,700 0 0 850 0 0 1,700 0 0 1,700 0 0 I *,7co 0 0 I *,/00 O O j,7oo 0 0

1 80c 0 0 8^0 0 0 8co 0 c 8co 0 0 800 0 0 I 8co 0 0 800 0 0 I 8co 0 0 1 8co 0 0 800 0 <J

I i,"i? 4 c i,-t8 4 0 1,718 4 0 T,*7|S 4 0 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 0 I 1,718 4 0 I 1,718 4 0 1,718 4 d

1 6,872 16 0 6,^72 1 j c 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,072 16 0 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0 I 6,872 16 0 I 6,872 16 0 6,872 16 0

1 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 c 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 2,119 0 0 1,119 0 0 I 2,119 0 0 j 2,119 0 0 1,119 0 0

I c 0 0 0 9C0 0 c 900 0 0 900 0 0 900 0 0 J 900 0 0 oco 0 0 I 900 0 0 I 900 0 0 900 0 0

J 1,000 0 0 1,0,0 0 C I,coo 0 0 I, COO 0 0 1,000 0 0 I 1,000 0 0 1,000 0 0 I 1,oco 0 0 I 1,oco 0 0 1,000 0 0

1 220 16 C 22C 16 O 1142 0 — — I — — — 1 — —

I 323 x6 6 313 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 3*3 16 6 324 8 6 324 8 6 324 6 6 3*4 8 6

1 52 *4 0 52 14 0 52 14 0 52 14 0 52 14 0 1 5* *4 0 52 14 0 52 14 0 I 52 14 0 5* 14 O

1 150 0 0 15c 0 c 15 c, 0 0 1 <0 0 c 150 0 0 I 150 0 0 150 0 0 150 0 0 I 150 0 0 150 0 0’

1 5>29° 3 1 4,708 12 7’ 2,249 7 0. 4.805 2 4} 4,641 14 2j 3,640 4 d- 5>2*9 9 *t 4,742 16 4 4,742 16 4 4,604 16 8

I 1,-48 14 0 1,748 14 C 1,603 16 6 1,893 XI 6 1,74$ *4 0 1,749 *9 6 i,749 *9 6 1,749 *9 6 i,749 *9 6 *>749 *9 6

I I,oOO 0 0 2, OCO O O 1,000 0 0 3,000 0 0 500 0 0 1 - J 1 i,xSj 19 iz

j 7,204 2 6 6,356 14 O 10,-47 4 0 5,000 0 0 11,000 0 0 *4>7°i 3 2 12,000 0 0 I 18,coo 0 0 j 20,coo 0 0 15,000 0 0

I 1,817 4 8 *>933 7 7 2,236 II C;l 3»343 *5 3{ 2,co4 5 11 2,510 9 11 ——

5+9 9 6 549 9 6 1 1 '

j 3,cco 0 0 4,cco 0 c 3,cco 0 0 I,coo 0 0 4,oco 0 0 8,oco 0 0 8,000 O O 8,coo 0 0 10,500 0 0 9,500 0 0

I 1,929 11 8 1,817 4 6 2,320 19 io\ 2,618 15 8 2,838 3 10 2>557 19 7 ——

1,002 7 0 1,0^2 7 O 1, CG2 7 O — I — —

I , 2, CCO 0 0 1,000 0 0 500 0 0 3,000 0 0 4,oco 0 0 3>I?9 13 5i 4,coo 0 0 1 2,000 0 0 3,000 0 0

I - - - 239 7 10 266 10 1 434 1 2 1 935 19 7 1 •— — —

346 6 0 346 6 0 I 346 6 0 I — 1 —

I 4,3S6 10 1 ——

j V-‘*4 1 9 2,103 5 zl *>493 *4 *1 3,158 II 2lr 2,736 1 9 3,179 *6 11 3, I°! i 3i 3>344 $ io| 3>49° *7 3 3>302 9

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 I *>23i *3 6 1,232 13 6

i>97* 6 0 - 322 0 0 2,349 7 6 i, S6o 0 0 I 879 16 6 - 1,205 18 6 I 2,999 *3 0 881 0 0

*>-&*; 3 2 1,236 9 2 1,382 2 2 *>373 * 5 *1,621 16 7 1,471 4 0 1,519 14 2 2,625 *7 *4 I *>37» 4 2 2,066 16 xo

627 8 3 - - 308 10 2 * 316 7 5 316 7 5 268 4 8 345 10 ii 697 1 pi 848 14 4

1 1,366 10 0 1,577 0 0 1,362 0 0 1,372 0 0 1,420 0 0 1,390 xo 0 i,374 0 0 1,425 0 0 I 2,547 0 0 1,393 0 0

I 218 13 6 2i3 13 6 n3 13 6 218 13 6 21S 13 6 218 13 6 219 17 6 219 7 6 219 7 6 219 7 6

I 284 11 i\ 252 7 7 180 0 0 390 3 7 390 3 7 39° 3 7 - 508 13 2 1 728 12 10 3*° *2 5

[ 96 12 0 ICO 16 0 IOO 16 0 100 0 0 ico 16 0 96 12 0 ICO 16 0 100 16 0 J IOO l6 6 xoo 16 0

j 1,818 5 0 1,818 5 0 1,81 i 5 c 1,588 5 4 *>5^3 5 4 . *>593 5 4 *>828 5 4 i, S28 5 4 1,828 5 4 1,828 5 4

10 3 3 656 6 6 151 16 3 - 3,218 14 0 279 x 0 2,379 10 9 2,496 14 0 3.369 + 9 3»iS«

i,cco 0 0 1,270 1 0 - - - 2,301 8 0 1,000 0 0

- - 474 - 1* 533 *2 4 i,0:4 8 ti *>329 * 5 708 16 I X j 887 3 4 585 14 3 411 15 6

I - 3,cco 0 0 I, OCC 0 0 i/.co 0 0 - —

J * - - 5C0 0 0 " 1

I - - - 3C3 *4 7 . - - 1x4 X XX — — —

- - 245 14 0 691 6 6

I 5,000 0 0 - 1 — —

3,661 0 io\ — — I — —

•4*2 17 4 —

I - - 1,751 10 0 - J —

- -r . - - - 190 11 2 —- J

j _ 2,493 15 6 —, — •— — —* I —

I - — 1,086 O O 3,700 3 0 M *20,151 8 6

1 222,161 4. loll 21 2.7s2 12 7 l8 lc.o6c 18 A.I iS 52.4.12 l8 loi 24 7.228 11 4 i 120,4.26 iq 64 172.608 18 1! , 1 Z72.7X0 IO O 1 266.216 O T *■ 147.Tf», ¥•» A

iendix,

[ x

t>- 75-)

Jidii,

itinvcd.

1196 Appendix. A. 1803.

Appendix (P.)— ACCOUNT of the Charge on the C IVIL LI J

Occasional payments.

SPECIAL SERVICE an* ROYAL BOUNTY ......

Vir.

ROYAL BOUNTY ....

Occasional Assistance to the Settlement at Sierra Leone

Gratuities to Foreigners in Distress

Physicians

Lectures at Cambridge -

Their Royal Highnesses:—The Duke of Clarence, for Extraordinary Expences in 1787 and 1788

D°, towards the Expense of his Household

Prince Edward (now Duke of Kent)

Dukes of Kent and Cumberland, to defray the Expences of their Edablishment

Prince AuguAus, on account of Bills drawn for Expences Abroad

JTor the Younger Princes

Princess of Wales’s Journey to England, and Valuation of her Jewels

Expences on Account of the Marriage of the Princess Royal

Money advanced, to be repaid ...

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales (of which £. 17,500 has been since repaid)

Duke of York

Duke of Clarence

Fees on the ISTue of Money, passing Com- ) millions, &c. ——

Taxes and fniail Incidents at the Treasury -

Contingencies at the Office of Commissioners of Enquiry - . - .

State Paper Office ....

Tax Office, for Rent

Privy Council

Commissioners for Musquito Claims

Parliament Offiy, for Rent

Secretary of State’s Office, Foreign Department, for Rent ....

Keeper of the Records in the Tower

Occasional Clerks employed in the Treasury -

Parliamentary Expences and Allowances to Clerk:-, &c. including Stationary, to the Speaker and Clerks, and other Contingencies

To make up Deficiency of Fees towards the ) Salaries of different Offices - - . 5

D° Office Secretary of State, Foreign Department

D° - - . - Home Department

P® - - - - War Department

D° - - Treasury

Occasional Messengers and Officers with Dif- ) patches, not included in any other Account

Extra Expences to Ministers Abroad, and Consuls, for Journies, See. -

Frefents to Ministers of Foreign Courts on Signing Treaties, &c. and D’ to the f Barbary Mates

Allowance for Law Advice for the Treasury and Secretary ot State for Home Department -

Expences of Experiments, Discoveries, Accounts, Surveys, Calculations, Estimates, ccc. and Returns of Corn

Allowances to Magistrates of Westminster,^ rot included in the Establishment of the f roher, and casual Expences for apprehending and removing Convicts ...

Casual Incidents of different Kinds (including in the year 1788, £. 735 12J. Cr/. for Army Extraordinary in the preceding

Ministers Abroad negotiating Peace

1198 Appendix. ' A. 1803.

Ipprndix,

(No. 75.) Appendix (Q.)—ABSTRACT of the CHARGES of the CIVlL

1 ft

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1199

LIST Establishment, in the following Years:

" hr- ! * v SIXTH CLASS. Petitions. SEVENTH CLASS. Salaries. EIGHTH CLASS. Treuimy. Occasional Payments. Deduct Amount of Sums advanced out of Actual Charge for Occasional Payments. TOTAL

~ 1 £■ Il8,l89 s. 3 d. 2 £■ 81,440 s. d. — 1 £■ *■ d. ) 13,822 £■ 138,476 S. 4 d. 6 Occasional Payments, which have been, or are to be repla< ed. £■ 897,400 *. 6 d.

* - For Explanation of the Sums in this Column, vide Foot of the Account. £■ 3. d.

116,371 H 91 82,098 10 —j 13,595 3 1° 149,835 7 n3 - 149,835 7 i»3 897,i73 S 2}

113,592 17 9 i 83,618 - *a 13,822 170,084 11 91 - 170,084 11 93 915,866 9 9

• - ' 110,508 10 2 J 83,914 3 91 13,822 145,214 5 7i - e H5,214 5 73 896,102 17 4l

ioS,*235 13 53 81,405 1 81 13,822 166,621 12 - 166,621 12 83 945,691 10 4

16 6 84,200 6 5 I 13,822 161,135 10 73 - 161,135 10 73 927,781 0 3

1 * 106,688 19 2 79,522 12 9 ! 13,822 155,705 10 33 - 155,7°5 10 33 929,959 8 3

iS 103>°47 19 5 1 77.732 16 7 13,822 161,544 15 5 I . 161,544 >5 5 I 947,366 5 1°3

c 104,836 8 7J 74,214 17 si 13,822 222,363 4 10 £ 45,26418 — 177,093 6 101 943,328 11 5 h

1. 111,636 15 5 i 68,136 5 —I 13,822 213.732 *3 7 26,307 9 — 187,4-25 4 7 979,200 Q 1

i :; 113,*28 8 4 43 65,219 18 8| 13,822 *85,965 18 43 7,000 178,965 18 43 994,659 9 3

• . - 114,804 12 4 J 67,381 16 — 13,822 i8‘2,412 l8 10 J 9,337 9 6 J7-,575 9 43 968,575 15 4

: *: '* 112,270 10 1 67,381 16 — 13,822 247,238 11 4 - 247,238 11 4 1,026,013 1 11

•; * 109,493 12 3 67,381 16 — 13,822 229,436 *9 63 2,532 5 — 226,904 14 61 982,635 7 92

113,262 7 3 3 63,664 6 3 13,822 — — 272,608 18 13 - 272,608 18 >3 1,062,912 5 43

113,640 3 93 63,677 15 81 13,822 272,316 10 — 12,642 5 — 259,674 5 1,069,591 10 32

119,288 8 7 I 63,739 6 3 13,822 366,216 — *1 8,000 358,216 — >2 1,176,711 H 9h

* ' 112,700 18 5 3 62,59° 6 51 1 13,822 247,192 12 — — 247,192 12 1,101,811 4 4

App

(Nc

8*3

conti

PARTICULARS of Sums advanced out of Occasional Payments, which have been, or are to be replaced

s. d. £. s. d.

In the years ending 5th January 1794. To the Prince of Wales

l)ukc of York

1795-

Duke of York -

1796. - - Duke of York

Duke of Clarence -

1797. " - Duke of York

Duke of Clarence -

*799- * Major Geaeial Gardiner 1801. - - Duke of York

j8o-2. - - Duke of Clarence

*45°j64,8-} 45,264 18-

26,307 9 —

' j 7,000-----

4.500 -----,

2.500 -

6,0*21567 o -

3;Sl6 4 — j 9>837 9 6

2,532 5 —

- 12,642 5 —

- 8.000 — —

* £■ l7t500> Part of £. 40,000. has been repaid.

y

1200

Appendix.

1 luv;

o

v)

Appendix, [No. 76.)

11* Ju

Ak ACCOUNT of the Annual RECEIPTS and DISBURSEMENTS at the Jfl.ind of Cky lox, during the time it has-been in the possession of Great Britain, to the iateft period to which the fame can be made up.

RECEIPTS.

DISBURSE M E N T S.

Novf 1795 to April 1796 -

May 170C - - 1797 -

‘797 * 1793 -

1799 -

1800 -

1798 -

1799

1800 -1801 -

May 1801 to Deer i8ci

- - ps 6,98,332

- - - 7,62,(113'

- - - 6,06,622

* - - 7,38,377

- - - 9,83,938

- - - 7>3°,000

- - - 5,43,637

I" 7,'■'7,(> 16 6,92.2! 5 5,76,527 5-63,043 8,2V:pt>

7.30,00a

6.-I.;-,

Mem.—Separate Books of Account from Ceylon have not been received for the three fird, and sixth years, lLe liecj.pts and Disbursements for those periods are therefore calculated lrom the Accounts of Bengal, Madras, and Bombay; blit they are not to be couiulered as accurate.

t

The Receipts include the R.c;enues of the Island, and the Remittances from the Governments in India, or lEiburfeiin-nts made thereon account of Ceylon. The Difbmfements contain the general Charges of the M.tnd; but it is apprehended llt.it only ;he E\tia Alluv/.-nces to the Troops are inserted, and that the Regular Pay is included in the Accounts of Madras, &c.; this cannot however be aheitained, the Particulars of the Disbursements not being lent Home.

East India House, # 8th July 1803. 3

(Errors excepted.)

JVm If'yioJit,

Auditor of India AccouuK

ESTIMATE of PROFIT and LOSS on The East India Company’s SALES in E nc land, and other Profits, for the year

ending lft March 1803, with other Payments in England deducted therefrom.

YEAR Total Costs and Charges. Sale Amount. Charges and Profit on Private Trade. Interest on Annuities.

ending

1 ft March 1803 - - £• 4>755>475* £■ 6,042.526. £■ ‘72,474- £■ 36,227. - - Total Profits - £. 1,495,752

Other PAYMENTS in England, to be deduced from Profits.

YEAR V ending Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds. Surplus Charges usually claded with Charges on Merchandize, but which do not properly belong thereto; deducting Buildings, and other Articles, for whic h a value remains. Expences of Settlements abroad. Freight outward, Remuneration to Commanders of worn-out Ships, and Lois upon the Law Tonnage. Military Payments.

ift March 1803 - £. 705,310- £■ 390,067. £. 78,428. £■ ‘47,301. £. 60,163. Total Payments - £• Surplus - -

1 1 1 1

Dedudi Insurance Out and Home, more than covered by Profit on Exports

‘20.7 8-2

Total Sun ulus

East India House, 1 11th July 1803. J

(Errors excepted.)

Cha* Cart zvriyJit,

Accomptuiit Gcncimi

43 Geo. IIL

Appendix.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the CAPITAL STOCK of The East India Company; distinguishing the Periods when the several Subscriptions constituting that Capital were made, and the Produce in Cadi of each Subscription respectively.

Capital allowed, per Acts gth & 1

loth William III. and 3d 6c >£.3,200,000 - 87 per-Cent. has been subscribed by the Proprietors, as under:

Dead Stock, Old Company -

- D° - New Company -

6th Queen Anne

- £. 200,00O 70,000

Capital allowed to be increased 7 by 26 Geo. III. cap. 62. - - j

-----D°-----by 29 Geo. III. 7

cap. 65. - - )

-----D*-----by 33 Geo. III. 7

cap. 47. - - j

800,000

1.000. 000

1.000. 000

£. 6,000,000

Ead-India House, 7 the 15th July 1803. 3

£. 270,000

Paid in Cadi by the New Company, to make their Stock equal to

that of the Old Company ----- 130,000

£. 400,000

Subscribed at several times the sum of 75 per-C* on Capital - - 2,400,000

(The dates of the several Subscriptions cannot be ulcertained, the old Books not being to be found.)

£. 2,800,000

J Subscribed in 1786, at the rate of 155 per-Cent. and paid in Cadi in ( September 1786 to March 1787 ----- 1,240,000

f Subscribed in 1789, at the rate of 174 per-Cent. and paid in Cadi in ( September 1789 to March 1790 - - - 1,740,006

( Subscribed in 1793, at the rate of £.200 per-Cent. and paid in Cadi I in July 1793 to December 1793 ----- 2,000,000

The Discount allowed for Payments in full are not deducted above. (Errors excepted.)

Cha* Cartwright,

Accountant General.

Appendi (No. 77 15°

ACCOUNTS relative to the SHIPPING of The EAST INDIA COMPANY.

An ACCOUNT of the RATES of FREIGHT per Ton, Annually paid by The East India Company, from the lft January 17S4 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up; distinguidiing the Nature of the Voyage, and the several Gaffes of Shipping.

CHINA Direct.

Ships of 1,200 Tons.

Season I/84/5 . £ s. d. - - £- 28 r. d. - -

1785/6 - - - - 26 ——

1 00 rt 24 ——

17R7/8 - - - 21 - 23 10 ——

1 0: OO —4 - - 21 - 23 10 ——

I7S0/9O - - - 21 - 23 10 ——

1790/1 - - - 21 — — - - 23 10 ——

1791/2 - - - 20 - 23 10 ——

1702/3 - - - 10 — - ", - 23 ——

1793/4 - - - 28 2 3 - 31 12 3 - £• s. d.

1794/5 - 33 17 — - 34 — — to 37 1 —

1795/6 - - - ' 36 2 — - - 35 3 — to 39 12 —

1796/7 ' - 33 13 11 - - 34 — — to 42 3 11

1797/8 - - 37 8 9 - - 37 8 9 to 40 18 9

1798/9 - - - 34 15 — - - - 36 15 — to 38 5 —

1790/l80Q - 34 15 — - - 34 — — to 38 5 —

1800/l - - - 37 9 11 - - - 37 9 11 to 40 19 11

1801/2 - •- - 23 13 — to £-34 11 1 25 H 2 to 35 8 9

Ships of 800 Tons.

COAST and BAY.

Ships of 1,200 Tons

Ships of 800 Tons*

£. d.

jo-----

29-----

27-----

26 10 — 26 ip —> 26 10 — 26 io — 26 10 —

35 — 34 2 3

34-----

5 s — 34-----

36 -

|6 15 — 34-----

37 9 " 25 14 2

to c 39 s. 17 d.

to 42 2 —

to 44 13 11

to 43 8 9

to 40 15 —

to 40 15 —

to 43’ 9 11

to 35 8 9

Appendix,

(No. 78.),

16° J

East India House, 7 toih July 1803. j

VOL. 58.

James Coggan,

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping.

14 D

~7

1202

Appendix.

A. 1803;

Appendix, <No. 78.) *6* J

continued.

Ax ACCOUNT of the RATES of FREIGHT per Ton (dinmgmlhu.g Peace Freight and War Contingencies) received for each with the Amount proposed to be granted to them by the Company: Alio, the lowel't Freight (dilUugpiflung Peace Freight and War Contingencies)

lame Tonnage have been tendered to the

SHIPS of 1 ,200 Tons, proceeding on their Sixth Voyage i

Alfred * -

Woodford -

1,200 Tons, on their Fifth Voyage:

Bombay Castle 1 Exeter -

1,200 Tons, on their Fourth Voyage:

* Hindostan -

* Karl of Abergavenny

* Hope ....

* Wal ley ....

* Courts

* Cannes -

1,200 Tons,

*n Third Voyage:

1,200 Tons, on Second Voyage:

* Ocenti -

* Henry Addington

* Dorsetshire

1,200 Tons, on First Voyage:

• F-lphinftone *-

Royal George -

F.arl Camden - - 1

Cumberland -Wexford -Warren II all fugs Lfi'ex -

SHIPS of 800 Tons,

proceeding on their Fourth Voyage:

* Sir Stephen Lushington

* Earl 11 owe -

800 "Fons, on their Third Voyage:

* Lord Duncan -

* Admiral Gardner Walpole -Charlton -Calcutta Prelimi -

* Earl Spencer -

Rate of Freight on First Voyage

-----———\

War Contingencies.

Peace Freight.

20 — —

Rate of Freight on Second Voyage.

1

£■ 22 s. d. £■ s. d.

22 — — - . - •

20

20 %

18 20 13 11

18 — — 20 13 11

is — — 20 13 11

18 ~ 20 13 11

18 20 13 11

17 10 20 13 11

18 19 0 11

18 — — 19 9 11

18 — — 16 15 —

Peace Freight.

£■ s.

19 10 —

19 10 —

1$ to 19 10

1* — 18 —

18 —

18 —

18 —

17 10

f including \Xi {. tingeucies.

ar Con-

800 Tons, on Second Voyage:

Cable F.df*n -City of London Windham - . -

Hugh Ingiis -

800 rFons, on their I'iift Voyage:

LadV Castlerragh Prince of Wales

Lord Castlereagh

Ceylon -Europe -Lnrd Melville

19

21

20 20 20 20 20

10

10 10 —

17 19 —

19 9 —

19 7 6

18 8

20

19

lb

19

16

H

13

8

15

8

15

11

9

16 15

1(5 15

19 911

16 15, —

W'ar Contingencies.

£■ *• -£•

8 12 3 19

8 12 3 *9

14 7 — 18

H 1 - 18

16 15 — 18

l6 15 — 18

l6 15 —■ 18

16 15, — 18

l6 15 —

1(5 15 —

late of Freight on Third Vova:

Peace Freight.

War

Contingencies.

.s. d. 10 —

10 —

£■ 5, I

1(5 12

16 12 —*

1$ 8 9

19 8 9

19 9 11 ,

19 9 11

19 9 11

*9 9 11

20 — — | 15 3—.

eluding War Con-igencies.

6 _ C includi J 1 ting.

19 —

21

20

20

20

20

20

10

18 9 11

19 9 11

t9 9 11

19 9 11

19 9 11

19 0 11

H — —

20

} >9 - -

19 9 11

it 9

"Not any Ship of the fame Tonnages respectively proceeded en the fame Voyage during the same year, at a lower Rate ot Freight d^-The lowed Rate of Freight at which Ships of 800 Tons have been tendered since the Peace of Amiens, is £. 18. 13s- od. I, JI1 Not any Ships of 1,200 Tons have been tendered since the Peace of Amiens.

The Ships marked thus (*) were not engaged in conference of Public Advertisements.

East India House,") i6tbjuly 1803.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1203

Vo_v.lg(' performed in the Service of The East India Company, by the several Ships on whose behalf an Increased Peace Freight is now demanded;

received by any Ship of the fame Tonnage, performing the fame Voyage, during the same year; and the lov.cft Rate of Freight at which Ships of the Company lincc the Peace of Amiens.

; Hate of Freight on Fourth Voyage. Rate ot Freight on Fifth Voyage. Rate of Freight 011 present Voyage.

Peace Freight. War r Peace Freight. War ( Peace Freight. Propoled Allowance, including Increase of Outfit, Difference of

Contingencies. Contingencies. Insurauce, Bounty and Manning, and Dirlerence of Weg^s.

/• d. £■ d. £■ s. d. £. s. d. £ f. d. £. s. d.

18 — — 1() 15 18 — — 17 16 4 13 — — 7 o() — —

18 — — 16 15 — l8 17 16 4 18 — — 7>5{JO — —

18 — — 16 15 — 18 — — 5,500 — —

18 — — i6 15 — ‘ ' " * * 18 — — 7,ioo — —

• «* m 18 —- — 9,900 — —

- - - - 18 — — 11,600 — —»

- - - 1 8 — — 11,600 — —-

m m m m * m 18 — — y)W0

. 18 — — ll/loo —

17 10 — 7,000 —

. - SL 18 — — 5.-100

- - iS — — 5,400

i* — — 7,000 — —

- s 18 — — 11,100 — —’

* 16 17 6 10 »00 f A further sum of £. 5. a s. per ton has been , J I paid agreeably to Contract for lit Voyage.

- - ! " 16 19 — O /*> h-1 1 1 1 <6 1 0^ 1 0 Q l 1 0 0 CO o'

16 19 — 11,100 D" 4. iOi. - D°.

17 — — n,ioo — — D° - J)B - - 6. — - - D°.

16 19 — 1-2,2').) — — D° -]■)•- - 6. — - - 1)°.

. 15 H 3 1-2,200 D° - 1)° - - 6.2. - - D®.

- - - - 1 1 1 1 c 00 c* - 3)3°°

dismantled. 3 117. — — I \ diimantled. 3 4>4oo — — 1

* * * " ~ 3.150

... - - - 21 — — 6.O5O

20 10 — 4»45°

20 — — 4,500

- - - - 20 10 — 4,100 — —

20 — — 4,400

20 — — 4f200 1

1 19 10 — 3>fi5°

17 19 — 3.030 — —

19 9 — 3,650

- 19 7 <5 4,500

20 7-3°o — —

20 17 — 8,300 — — C A further sum of £. 6. 6 s. per ton has been

- V - - * - - - - 17 19 0 8,300 — | paid agreeably to Contract for 1 ft Voyage.

17 19 — 8.300 I)" - 1)° - 5- »o*. - T>®.

18 — — 8.300 D° - I)° - - 5- " ' * D°-

.18 — — 8)3oo D° - 1)° - - 6. 10 - D®.

Appcntlij

(No. 78.'

> 16* JiilHi

continual. 1

Ships mentioned in this Account.

Freight, and War Contingencies to be allowed by the Court of Directors according to the circumstances of the times.

(Error excepted.)

James Cog*an,

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping,

Appendix

1204

A. 18C

\r>

JO.

appendix,

{No. /8.) An ACCOUNT of the Coll of Building and Outfit of a SHIP of 800 Tons, in the Service of The East India Company, in 1 1807«//7, the years 1790, 1791, 1792, 1795* 1800, and 1802, according to the Estimates of the Mailer Attendant of the said Company.

continued.

1

j

j

1

1

1

SPECIES. Year: 1790. 1791. 1792. 1795. 1800. 1802.

£■ «• d. £. s. d. £■ d. £■ *• d. £■ £■

Hull - - 10,000 10,000 — 10,000 13,320 1 15,600 — — 15,200' 13 4

Copper-sheathing, and bringing on - - - 1,1Q‘2 1,19‘2 L433 »*73S 2,487 19 — •2,509 ip 10

Shipwright’s Stores - - - 36 4 5 36 4 5 3 4 5 3<* 4 5 3® 4 5 4 7 i

Eathom-wood, and inciting on board - - 99 99 99 — - 111 123 135 — —

Malts, Yards, and Bowsprit, to rig with spare-

ratt; Boats tarring - - - 721 744 — - 710 — - 1,152 >,71° 3 — 1,907 10 —

Blocks, to ,rig with Gun Carriages) Pump s,

Steering Wheel, &c. including Store-blocks

for Boatswain, Carpenter, and Gunnel - 140 140 140 — — 297 306 302 10 —

Boats and Stores, including Iron-work - - 122 2 6 122 2 b 12 2 2 b 131 154 — 147 11 —

Joiners Bill - - - 66 6 b 66 — - 70 70 70

Carver’s D° - - - 15 15 — 15 15 - 15 15 - lb lb 16

Plumber’s D°, and Stores - - 59 15 2 59 *5 2 59 15 2 59 15 2 59 15 2 59 15 ‘2

Glazier’s D° - - - 20 20 — - 20 20 10 * 10

Painter’s D° - - - 35 35 — ' 35 — - 40 4° — — 40

Ironmongery:

Forge and Armourers Stores - - - 33 9 3 38 9 8 3S 9 8 38 9 8 38 10 10 38 10 10

Firehearth and Oven - - 9+ 4 — 94 4 ' 94 4 * 94 4 — 94 4 — P4 4 -

Boatswain’s Stores r - 6116 i 61 10 1 b 1 lb 1 Ci 15 1 611 3 bi 1 3

Iron-work for Blocks <• - - 4* 17 7 4 "2 17 7 42 17 7 43 43 45 3 —

Carpenter’s Stores - - - 80 10 10 80 10 10 tSo 10 10 80 10 8 77 3 5 77 8 5

Gunner's - DJ - - 3- 5 ‘2 32 5 2 32 5 •2 32 12 6 32 12 6 32 12 6

Gun-carriages, Iron-work, 6tc. - - 53 6 4 53 6 4 53 6 4 53 6 4 53 d 4 53 d 4

Cooler's S’.ores - - - 11 14 — 11 14 1114 1114 11 13 6 n 13 6

Smith’s vkl, exclusive of Stores - - 60 60 — . bo — IOO JOO 100

Anchors and Grapnails - - - 330 10 7 32b 9 3^313 9 394 16 0 558 18 — 5$3 11 "

Chins and Shot - - - 395 — 418 12 395 *3 402 1 6 482 2 4 4 8b 1 6

Paper for the Bottom - - - 12 12 — 12 — 12 — — 12 12

Chip-cleaner. V v imen, &c. - - 22 22 — 0 a . 22 22 22

Scrapint . mpuig Ship - - - 7176 7 17 6 7 17 6 7 17 6 7 17 6 7 17 6

Overseer surveying D° - - - 52 10 — 52 10 52 10 52 10 — 52 10 — 5* 10 —

Bricklayer, letting Hearth, &c. - - 3 10 ~ 3 1° 3 10 3 10 - 3 10 - 3 10 —

’Waterage, whilfi building - - 4 4 — 4 4 4 4 4 4 — 4 4 — 5 5 —

Drying Bread and Powder Rooms - - - 6 6 — 6 6 b 6 — 6 6 — 6b — 6 6 —

Kmtledge, and getting on board - - 524 11 — 565 16 — 547 8 — 691 14 — 64b 6 — 599 3 —

Coals, liiteen Cl.aldion, and Charges - - -9 17 — 29 17 — 29 17 — 37 7 — 37 — 36 12 6

Cordayn, to. h e tons, and Junk - - - 1,582 10 — 1,672 10 — 1,380 — — 2,298 3,225 2,3So

Gunpowder, including Calks - - - l94 1 3 205 6 3 21b 11 3 391 10 — 3°9 281 id 3

Small Arms - - 109 7 8 i°9 7 8 109 7 8 107 7 8 109 7 8 151 2 6

Pitch, Tar, Rosin, &c. - - - 47 8 4 48 8 4 45 15 4 c+ 3 70 — 11 60 — 6

Deals and KulVers - - - 25 18 — 25 18 — 25 18 2b 19 — 20 19 — 42 2 6

Leal hen nan’s Stores - - - 35 15 4 35 15 4 35 15 4 41 10 10 t>5 >7 6 50 3

Lumpers, whilst building - - 21 21 — — •21 — 21 21 25

Shipwrights, L)° - - - •20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 20 20

Launching Dinner - - - 50 ' 50 — — 50 — — 50 50 50

New Sail? m b: ing, and all Stores - - - G°43 12 3 i,obb 1 9 i,obb 1 9 1,101 10 — 1,402 10 6 1,544

"Wet Provisions - - - 974 15 ‘2 1,144 4 2 i,°43 11 8 1,37b 4 — 1,809 18 8 1 >^77 E5 5

Dry - LV - - 396 12 2 3X8 8 2 35° 15 6 694 10 — 3 5 3 7 4 5-3 3

Spirits - - - 109 10 — 113 3 4 113 3 4 252 10 — *•23 3 4 175 -

Stocktish - - 26 4 — 2 2 8 2 2 8 23 7 — 31 l8 33 —

Beer, strong and small - - - 59 8 — 59 8 — 59 8 68 8 —- 88 4 — 103 17 6

Oils, Vinegar, (Ac. including Packages - - 73 9 4 80 6 4 80 6 4 96 18 — 110 19 u 121 8 7

Butter and Cheese - - D° - - - 39 6 — 37 d 43 i* 8 44 bo 2 — 53 s -

Grocery ----- D° - - - 20 2 8 28 19 0 33 1 8 35 16 6 2b — 11 31 0 —

CmidDs, Tallow, (See. - 1)° - - - 44 13 — 44 13 — 43 19 — 51 12 — 5 5 — i:4 3 -

Mfdicines, - - &c. - D* - - 6b 11 5 6b 11 5 bb ii 5 67 10 11 67 10 11 67 10 11

Harbour Meat - - - 170 10 — 170 10 — 176 _ 209 — — 242 — — 33°

Bread - ~ - 35 18 4 35 4 — 3° 16 — b 1 12 — 74 — 40 4 —

Beer - - - 1 — 31 1 — 31 1 — 34 10 — 4! 8 — 51 15 -

Greens, &c. - " * 4 4 — 4 4 — 4 4 — 4 4 — 4 4 — 4 4

Sundry Calks, and Cooper's Stores - - - 104 13 8 217 6 2 217 6 2 245 9 2 3-8 — 3 333 b -

Brazier’s Stores - - - 65 2 7 65 2 7 65 2 7 7b 9 b 7b 10 4 76 14 6

Pcwterer’s D° - - 6 12 7 6 12 7 b 12 7 6 12 7 612 7 6 12 7

Tinman’s D® - - 18 211 18 2 1 \ 18 2 11 18 211 18 211 22 9 1

Painter’s Colours - - - 18 — 2 18 — 2 18 3 3 19 18 5 22 2 — 22 — 7

Ship’s - - 1)° - - 17 2 1 17 2 1 17 2 1 4° 10 5 40 10 5 25 10 5

Ship Chandlery - - - 55 3 10 55 3 10 55 3 10 57 >4 3 58 10 2 58 10 6

Comoalies and Time GlalTes - - - 14 7 — H 7 — H 7 — 14 7 — 147 — 14 7 -

Lines, Twine, and Gun-Match - - 1219 8 12 19 8 12 19 8 12 19 8 lb * * — id

Eire Engine - 28 9 — <28 9 — 28 9 — 2« 9 — 28 9 — 36 10 —

E gging 1 he Slop " - 52 10 — 52 10 — 52 10 — 70 75 — * 72 10 —

Waterage at fumiry tiiv.es - - 20 20 — — 20 — -— 20 20 20 - —

laghUM-mjc E>° - 60 60 — — 60 — Co bo — — 60

pilot, Eaouchin^, Docking, Undocking, and round

to ponfmoiiih - - - 54 6 — 54 6 — 54 6 — 90 100 loo — —

Sundry Allowances - - - ‘221 IO — 221 10 — 221 10 — 221 IO — 221 10 — ‘2 2 A. 10 —

Wai eii iiilc Rent - - - - *6 2b — — 2b — — 26 2b — — 20

InO-reiT «wa Mom v paid hv the Builder, by several

iiinalinciits, before launched - 668 15 — 608 15 — 6b 8 15 — 8«o 592 10 — 591 10 -

£■ 1^1,007 >7 7 21,491 3; 2 ■21,033 1 10 *8,337 3 33,937 12 7 . in,444 ' ) 10

I’..,ft India 1 hvjf»;, \ 3 6th My 1803. S

(Errors excepted.)

James Coggan,

Clerk to the Committee of Ship-Cfr

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1205

An ACCOUNT of the Cod of Building and Outfit of a SHIP of 1,200 Tonis in the Service of The East India Company, in the )ears 1790, 1791, 1792, 1795, 1800, and 1802, according to the Estimates of the Matter Attendant of the said Company.

Hull

Copper Sheathing, and bringing on -Oterfcer's Bill for

Shipwright’s Stores

Fathom Wood, and getting on -

Paper for the bottom - - - I

Chipcleaner, Watchmen, Ac. - - \

Scraping and pumping Ship Bricklayer felting Hearth, &c.

Drying Bread and Powder Rooms Maits and Yards, and Bowsprits, to rig with I'pare-Raft, Boats, Ac. -

Blocks to rig, with Gun Carriages, Ac. Pumps, Steering-wheels, Ac. -Boats and Stores, including Iron Work Joiner’s Bill ——

Carver’s D° -

Plumbur's D°, and Stores -

Glazier’6 DJ

Painter's I)® -

D° Colours -Ironmongery; viz.

Forge and Armourer's Stores -Boatswain’s Stores -Iron Work for Blocks Carpenter’s Stores -Gunner’s Stores -Gun-carriage, Iron Work, Ac. -Smith’s Bill, exolufive of Stores Anchors and Grapnals Guns and Shot -Fire Hearth and Oven -Cooper's Stores -Sundry Caiks Overseer -\V aterage whiift building Kintledgn, and getting on board Coals, 15 Chaldron, and Charges Cordage 45 Tons, and Junk Gunpowder, including Calks -Small Arms -Pitch and Tar, Rosin, &c.

Deals and Eufl’ers -Leatherman’s Stores

Owner’s Disbursements for,

Lumpers, whiltt building -Shipwrights D® -

Launching Dinner -Harbour Greens, &c.

New Sails making, and all Stores Wet Provisions -

Drv-D° ......

Harbour Bread -Spirits -

Stock (lib -

Beer, strong and small -Harbour Beer -Oils, Vinegar, Ac. including Packages Butter and ChetTe - D°

Grocery - - 1)°

(kindles, Tallow, A c. D°

Medicines, Ac. - - D®

Harbour Meat -

Brazier’s Stores -Ship Chandlery -Pewterer’s Stores -Ships Colours -Lines, Twine, and Gunmatch -Tinman's Stores^ -

CompalVes and Time Glades -

Fire Engine -

Riggtfng the Ship -

Waterage at lundry times - -

Lighterage - D° -

Pilot, Launching, Docking, Undocking, &c. Sundry Allowances -

Warehouse Kent ----- -v Interest on Money paid Builder before launched -

Year:

1790.

£.v m. d.

15,000-----

1,024-----

238 —

860-----

150-----

141-----

73-----

17-----

65-----

22-----

59-----

1,221-----

104

39

53

4

825

30

*>3°5

194

120

52

28

3

21

20

50

1.150

1.151

478

132 — 31 — 111 — 78 -

37 —

26 —

45 — 66 —

242 --;

55 —

97 -

20

H

70

20

76

55

221

265 —

27,490

1791-

£. s. d. 15,750 -

L075 4

249 18 —

903-----

157 10 —

148 1 —

76 13 — 17 17 —

68 23 * 2

4° 19

1,282

109 4

3*4 9

55 13 4 4

866 5 31 10 2,4*o 5

203 14 126 — 54 1* 29 8

37 10

21 — 20 11

50 —

4 —

1.207 10

1.208 11 501 18

138 12 —

32 ii —

116 11 — 81 18 —

38 17

27 47 09 254

6

5

6 2

57 *5 —

101 17 —

21 — 14 14 30 9 73 10 21 — 79 10 57 *5 232 1

1792.

1795-

Not any Estimate prepared

278 5 —

28,864 10 —

Not any Estimate prepared.

lS(K>.

£ a. d. c s. d.

*3,370 — — 25,600 — —

3,142 4 11 3*104 *9 7

39 4 5 04 7 3

146 5 — 161 5 —.

h — — 14 — —

22 — — 22 — —

7 17 6 7 17 6

5 — — 5 — —

6 6 — 6 6 —

2,291 — — *,838 — —

522 — — 378 10 —

178 1 -7— 181 12 —

80 — — 80 — —

20 — — 20 — —

68 9 11 68 9 ii

15 — — 15 — —

f 4° — — 40 — —

I 26 10 U 26 3 9

38 12 8 38 12 8

05 11 9 05 11 a

50 — — 5* 10 —

82 5 1 82 5 1

37 17 2 37 17 a

7° 10 — 7° 10 —

120 — — 120 — —

855 7 0 823 14 —

627 — 3 . 632 — 9

94 4 — 94 4 —■

70 10 — 70 10 —

400 13 6 408 18

5* 10 — 5* 10 —

4 4 — 5 5 —

1,018 7 — 943 10 6

4617 6 47 — —

4*90 — — 3,160 —

309 — — •2S1 16 3

109 7 8 151 2 6

70 — 11 09 2 6

26 19 — 4* 2 6

6517 6 50 a 9

*5 — — 30 — —

20 — — 20 — '—-

50 — — 5° — —

4 4 — 4 4 —

1,816 10 — 1,83317 —

2,366 6 10 1,121 H —

1,094 19 4 668 5 —

*97 — — 405 — —-

f lOO l6 —

1 54 T

271

40 100

54

138

60

50

50

67

297

70

62

6

41 16 18

H 28 110

20

84

H5

224

26

888

10 — 18 — 16 —

9 0 2 —

14 11

19

10 11

10 — 9 1

12 7

6 11

— 7 2 u

7 — 9

16 — 10 —

15 —

1802.

213

43

117

67

140

53

53

64

07

405

76

62

6

26

16

22

H

30

102

40,843 15 2

8 —

7 0 10 — 10 —

8 — 1 I

16 4 10 11

14 6

9 1

12 7

6 11 — 7

9 4

7 — 10 — 10 —

20-----

84 16 —

115-----

224 10 —

26-----

954 ll

47*073 4 3

Appenc

(No. 7

18*

Lvnti/tut -----—

Raft India House, 7 16th July 1803. J

(Lrrors excepted.)

>4 E

James Coggatt,

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping,

'*L

__________

1206

Appendix

A. 1803.

ACCOUNTS from the BO ARD of FI RST FRUITS in Ireland.

London, 25th July 1803.

I.—" An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money received by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, &c. in Ireland, or by their Treasurer on " their Account, in each year, from May 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing in each year the different Estates, Funds, Grants, or other Sources u of Income, from which such Sums have been severally received: Also, an Account of the Sums arising therefrom which were remaining in the " hands of the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, or their Treasurer, in the year ending on the ift 0/ May in each of the saidyears, " to the ift of May 1801, and on the 5th day of January 1802 and the 5th day of January 1803, respectively: And also, an Account of the Sums u of Money expended by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruit3 in Ireland in each year, from May 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing " in each year the different Heads of Service to which the Expenditure has been applied; dil'tinguishing also, in all cases where the fame has been " applied to the building or repairing of Churches, or the building and repairing of Glebe Houses, the names of the several Parishes or Benelux " where such Improvements have been made, and the Sum granted for each/'

W* Wickham.

CONTENTS.

(No. 1.) Contains the Receipts and Payments under the Head of " First Fruits Fund."

This Fund ariles from Money received in consequence of Ecclesiastical Preferments.

(No. 2.) Contains the Receipt and Payments under the Head of " Primate Boulter's Fund."

This Fund arises from the Donations or Legacy of Primate Boulter.

(No. 3.) Contains the Receipts and Payments under the Head of " Parliamentary Grants."

This Fund arises from Annual Grants made by Parliament, which, for feme years past, has been a Sum of £.5,000. It is by the Act of the Session appropriated to the building New Churches and Glebe Houses.

(No. 4.) Contains the Receipt and Payments under the Head of " Primate Robinson's Legacy."

This Fund arises from a Legacy that was bequeathed in Trust to the Commissioners of First Fruits, and to be lent in certain portions to Clergymen, and redeemable.

(No. 5.) Contains the Receipts and Payments under the Head of " Borough Compensation "

This Fund arises from a disposition that was made by the Commissioners of Compensation of the Sum of £. 45,000, being the Amount of Money arising from the Compensation of three Boroughs.

II.—An ACCOUNT of the Number of Parishes in Ireland, and of the Benefices, or Unions of Parishes, into which the fame have been distributed and reduced: Also, an Account of the number of Churches and Glebe Houses that were existing in Ireland in the year 1791; and, an Account of the Churches and Glebe Houses that have been built, or are now building, under assistance from the Board of First Fruits since that year; as larastbe fame can at prefect be ascertained.

(No. 1.)—An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money Received and Paid by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, under the Head of

" FIRST FRUITS FUND;" from 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing each year.

Dr - -- - The Account of The Fund of First Fruits, from the 20th of April 1790 to May 24th 1790

1790. April 20th. 23d. To received from James Glascock, Esq. -To received from Henry Meredyth, Esq. - £■ s. 1,000 73 6 4 1790. April 7th. By paid Tlio8 McAlifter half year's salary ending ill January 1790 D° D° - ending ill July - L>° Balance * - - - £ '•* 5 5 1-063 6 4

£■ 1,073 6 4 * £ 1,073 6 4

Dr - - - ... a

1790-May 24th. 1 I To Balance brought down -To received from \\m Glascock, Esq. £• *. d. 1,063 6 4 1,200 1790. June 7th. 1791. January ill. 27th. By paid for printing two hundred Letters from Commissioners of First Fruits By paidTho* McAlifterhalf a year's salary, ending this day - -By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for one years salary due 25th December 1700 - Balance - - - - £ * i — 10 $1 60 r"L 2,1971°

2,263 6 4 \ £ •2,’203 * 4

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

i207 1

(Na. 1.) Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of " First Fruits Fund’'—continued.

Dr

The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from 9th May 1791 to May 1792 - -

Cr

1791. £. v. d. 1791- £. s. d.

May 9th. To Balance brought forward - 2,197 l6 —i June 25th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s

salary to 24th June 1791 30

10th. To received from James Glascock, Esq. - 15° July 1. By paid Thomas McAlifter for half a year's

/ 1792. salary to this day - 5

/ January 18. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s

j salary, to 25th December 1791 30

f By paid Thomas McAlifter for half a year’s

/ 1791- salary, due ill January 1792 5

/ May 20th. By paid Revd Rob* Baylis Dealtry for a

/ Glebe House at Dunganltovvn, in the

, / Diocese of Dublin - 100

/ 25th. By paid Revd George House for a Glebe

/ House at Inch in the Diocese of Dublin - 100

j # June 17th. By paid 1 homas Stewart, AdmTnstrator of

I the Revd Henry Suwari, late Recror of

j Kildrels, for a Glebe House in the Diocese

* j ot Armagh - 100

I 27th. By paid Revd Thomas Iluftings for building

j a House on the land pure haled for the

I perpetual Cure of the Parish of Crumlin,

f in the Diocele of Dublin - - - 150

1 By paid the Bishop of Waterford for a

I Glebe House for the Revd James Smith,

j Vicar of Devet, Kelmoloran and Fenogh,

j in the Diocele of Lismore - 100

- Sept. 13th. By paid Revd Brabn Disney for a Glebe

1 House at Siddon in the Diocese of Meath 100

J Ott. 31ft. By paid Revd I homas Burgh for a Glebe

I House at Ardcarry in the Diocele of

1 Leighlin - 100

*• I Nov. nth. By paid Revd Isaac Watkins for a Glebe

I House at Kilinun in the Diocese of Ross 100 -

1 Dec. 28th. By paid Re\d A. Vesey for a Glebe House

179‘2- at Tullumlkan in the Diocese of Armagh Too

1 Jan. 28th. By paid Revd Robs Traile for a Glebe

j House at Ballinloy in the Diocese of

I Connor ----- 100

J Feb. 23d. By paid Revd Sam1 Morris for a Glebe

I House at Ballyclog in the Diocese of

j Armagh ----- 10o

/ 25th. By paid Revd Jocelyn Ingram for a Glebe

/ House at Lickpatrick 111 the Diocese of

I Deny ----- 1GO

J March 27. By paid Revd James Hastings for a Glebe

I House at Kilmore in the Diocese of Clogher 100 —

I 28th. By paid Revd In° Alcock for a Glebe House

j at Drumholme in the Diocese of Raphoe 100

4 - J 16th. By paid Revd In° A Id well for a Glebe House

at New Chapel in the Diocese of Cafliell 100

J £■ 1,6*20

/ Balance - - - - 7*27 16 —

2,34716 —» .. £■ , 2,34716 — j

Dr - - i 1792 to May 1793

179*2.

May.

Dec, 24th.

If ’

In

|f'

To Balance brought dowti To received from Janies Glascock, Esq. To received from James Glascock, Esq.

£■ *• d.

727 16

700 10 ---

499 7 9l

1,927 13 10

1792. May 13th.

June 23d.

July lft.

3<1-

Sept. 28th.

1793-

January lft.

January 9th. Feb. 20th.

March 8th.

By paid Wm Bovver for calling up the Accounts of James Glascock, Esq. the Clerk of the First Fruits, for 20 years back By paid his Grace the Lord Primate for a Glebe House in the Parish of Ballymore and Diucefc of Armagh -By paid Revd AndwThom* Hamilton for a Glebe House in the Parish of Donagheady and Diocele of Derry -By paid Thomas McAlifter, messenger, for half a year’s Hilary to ill July 1792 By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for hall ayear’s salary to 24th June 1792 -

By paid Revd WmMaunfell fora Glebe l louse in the Parish of Kilkeedy and Diocele of Limerick -

By paid Thomas McAlifter, nieftenger^half a yeur’s salary to the lit inltant

By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s salary to 25th December 179*2 By paid Revd Rich'1 Fitzgerald for a Glebe House in the Parish of Templenury and Diocele of Calhel By paidAlexr llutchinfon, Executor of the late Revd Franc* Johnlione for a Glebe House in the Parish of Oonoughmore and Diocese of Dromore - - ,

Balance -

£■ ' s- d-5 13 9 150-----

IOO-----

5-----

30-----

100-----

.30-----

100-----

100-----

625 13 9

1,302 — l

1,927 13 10

1208

Appendix.

A, 1803.

<ix,

>•)

V/.

(No. l.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of " First Fruits Fund. continued.

Dr

The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from the lft of May 1793 to the lft of May 1794 -

C*

1793-May lft. To Balance, brought forward - - £ •. A II 1,304 — 1 1793-May 17 th. By paid Revd Rich. Strong (or a Gleb* £r *• d.

House in the Parish of Ralhdrum in the

10th. To received per Wm Glascock 462 11 6 Diocese of Dublin - - - + 100 —

23d. By paid his Grace the Lord Primate for a

Deer aift. To received from Motors. Glascock’s Bond Glebe House in the Parito of Killevy and

to BiQi. of Catoel - 499 7 9 25th- Diocese of Armagh -By paid the Uevd and HonbIc In° Pomeroy 150--

3 ift. To received from James Glascock - 460 for a Glebe House on the District of Derg

1794- and Diocese of Derry - 150 —

Feb* 14th. To received from James Glascock - 365 7 1 June 3d. By paid the Revd Ile&or Monro for a

/ Glebe House in the Parish of Garriftown and Diocese of Dublin - too — —

/ July lft. By paid Tho* McAlifter half a year’s salary

/ the lft July 1793 - - - - 5

15 th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s salary to the 24th June 1793 30 —

1794. Jan. lft. By paid Thomas McAlifter half a year’s

27th. salary to lft January 1794 - - -By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s 5 —

/ salary to 25th December 1793 30 --

/ Feb. 22d. By paid Revd In° Huleatt for Glebe House

/ in the Parish of Shinrone and Diocese of Killaloe 100

/ March 13th. By paid the ArchbitoopofTuam for a Glebe

/ House in the Parito of Tuam and Diocese of Tuam ----- 100

/ £ 770 --

/ Balance - - - - 4,119 6 5

- 4,889 6 5; 4,889 6 5

The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from lft May 1794 to lft May 1795

0.

1794-May tft.

1/95-Jan. 17 th.

To Balance -

To received from Wm Glascock

£. *. d.

119 6 5

368 8

1794-May 7th.

17th.

25 th.

13th.

June 28 th.

July id. 23d.

Aug. 27th.

Dec^ 15th.

1795* Jan. 28th.

26th

April 3d.

4,487 14 6f

By paid Revd Richd Lloyd for a Glebe House in the Panto of Fithmore and Diocese of Catoel -

By paid Bitoop of Killala for a Glebe House in the Parito of Iris in the Diocese of Killala ......

By paid Elizabeth Weeks for a Glebe House in the Parish of Rathclarnon and Diocese of Cork - -

By paid Bitoop of Dromore for a Glebe House in the Parito of Moira and Diocese of Dromore -

By paid Bitoop of Dromore for a Glebe House in the Parito of Armabelt and Diocese of Dromore -

By paid Revd Jotoua Nunn for a Glebe House in the Parish of Ennifcorthy and Diocese of Ferns ....

By paid Thomas McAlifter half a years salary to ill July 1794. -

By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a years salary to 24th June 1794

By paid Revd Tho* Kennedy for a Glebe House in the Parito of Kilmore and Diocese of Down -By paid Rev* Tho* Torrens for a Glebe House in the Parito of Ballinacreen and Diocese of Derry -

By paid Revd Harry Graves for a Glebe House in the Parito of Templemore and Diocese of Calhel -

By paid Revd John King for a Glebe House in the Parito of Kilmoremay and Diocese of Killala -

By paid Revd Tho* Smith for a Glebe House in the Parito of Lismore and Diocele oi Lismore -

By paid Henry Upton? Esq. half a year’s salary to the 25th December 1794 By paid Thomas McAlifter for half a year's salary to lft January 1795 - -

By paid Revd Wm Ryan, per Sam1 Cooper, for a Glebe House in the Pariftiof Killerman and Diocese of Catoel

By paid Mr. Watson for sundry pi toting work •

Balance

I *• '•

100 —

Co —*

100-----

100-----

100 — —

wo — —

5-----

30-----

too --

100---

>o°r~

100 —

30--

5-

«>*3» I 6. 1,256 6-1

M»7

48 Geo. Ill

Appendix

1209

(No. l.)— Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of " l'irft Fruits Fundcontinued.

Dr

The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from the ift May 1795 to the ift May 1796

1795-May lft

»796. J«>. 29th.

To Balance brought forward To Received from Mr. Glascock

£. s. (I. 1,256 6 —

366 5 9

-£■

1,622 11 pj

179:v May 30th.

June 6th.

1/96. Feb. 17th.

25th.

March 2d.

By paid Revd \Ym Hamilton for a Glebe Moult in the Paritii of Ciundevadock in the Diocese of Kuphoe By pyid Rcvd Wm Lodge for a Glebe House in the Parish of Kilinore in the Diocese of Armagh -

By paid Revd Rob1 Drapes for a Glebe House in the Parish of Jubud in the Diocese of Li furore -

By paid Thomas McAliiter half a years salary to 30th June 1795 -

By paid Revd Henry Stewart for a Glebe House in the Parish of Dtmleckny and Aghamthe and Diocelfe of Leighlin Bv paid Thomas McAlifter half a year's salary to lit January 1796 -By paid Revd \Vm Galway for a Glebe House in the Parish of Cahirconlish and Diocese of By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year's lklary to 24th June 1795 By paid Henry Upton, Eft}. half a year's salary to 25 th December 1795 By paid Wm Watson and Son for sundry printing work ——

£- *•

100-----

100-----

100 —

5 — —

100-----

5-----

100-----

30-----

30-----

23 —

Balance ——

572 3 —

U050 8

1,622 11 9J

The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from id May 1796 to the ift May 1797

CX

1796. . £■ *. 1796. £. s. d.

May 1. To Balance ----- 1,050 8 9J July 7th. By paid H. Upton, Esq. half a year's salary

, 1797. January 27. to 30th June 1796 - 30

To Received from Mr. Glascock 469 By paid Revd Arthur Grueber for a Glebe House in the Parish <^f Killivedan and

Diocese of Tuam - 100

August 19th. By paid Revd Maynard Denny for a Glebe

House in the Parish of Caher and Diocele of Ardfert - f - 100

Sept. 12 th. By paid Rev4 J. E. Agar for a Glebe House

in the Parish of Killenclinck and Diocese of Calhel - - - - 100

1797-

January 7th. By paid H. Upton, Esq. half a year's salary

to 25th December 1796 -By paid Thomas McAlifter'half a year's 30

salary to lft July 1796 - 5

8th. By paid Thomas McAliftef half a year's 'salary to ift January 1797 - $

24th. By paid Revd Fran8 Ben son for a Glebe

House in the Parish of Feathard and Diocese of Calhel - 100

5th. By paid Revd In° Pennifather for a Glebe

House in the Parish of Kilvolane and Diocese of Calhel - iod — —

April 21ft. By paid Archbishop of Tuam for a Glebe

House in the Parish of Oughaval, Aug-hagower, Kilmaclolloc, and Kilgeever, in the Diocese of Tuam - i5o

£‘ 720 ——

Balance - - - - 7y9 8 9}

£• 1,519 9i 1,519 8 94

Dr - - - from ift May 1797 to the ift May 1798 - - - - Cf.

’797-May ift.

1798. Feb. 12 th.

To Balance

To Received from Mr« Glascock

£. s. d. 1797-

799 8 9i May 25 th.

517 9 5 June 9th.

July ift.

10th.

1798,

January ift.

gth.

,316 18 2j '

By paid Revd Dudley Ryves for a Glebe lloule in the Parish of Monkltown and Diocese of Dublin -By paid Revd Tho8 Stanley Monck for a Glebe House in the Parish of Middleton and Diocele of Armagh

By paid fl ho8 MCAlifter half a year's salary to ift instant * -1 - -

By paid H. Upton, Esq. half a year's salary to 24th June - * - *

By paid Tho8 McAlifter half a year's salary to ift January

By paid H. Upton, Esq, half a year's salary to 25th December -

Balance - - - -£•

£• d.

150 — —

150-----

5-----

30-----*

5-----‘

30-----

370-----

946 18 *i\

i,316 18 2J

Vol. 58.

14 F

1210 Appendix. A. 1803.

(No. 1.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of " First Fruits Fund,"— continual.

Dr - - - from lft May l' *98 to the lft May 1709 - -

1798. May lft. To Balance brought forward - £■ s. I 946 18 ‘l\ By half a year’s Salary to Thomas MCA- £• «. I

lifter to 1 July 1798 - 5 — —

1/99- By paid 11. Upton, Esq. half a year’s Sa-

March 21ft. To Received from Mr. Glascock -■I OO VI lary to 24th June 1798 -By Tho* McAIilre.r hall a year’s Salary to 30 --

lft January 1709 -By H. Upton, Esq. lndf a year's Salary to 5

s' 25th December 1798 ... 30

1798. April ‘iotli. By paid Revd Rich*1 Bourke for a Glebe

■ / - lloule in the Parish of Mohill amd Diocese of Ardagh ----- ioo

yT £■ Balance - - - -—-—-4 170 M55 5 9i

- - - £■ J 1,625 5 9 1 £ M-5 5 si

Dr ----- The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from lft of May 1799 to the id of May 1800.Cr.

1790. £. s. d. | £ «• d-

May lit. To Balance ----- »,455 5 9h | Half a year’s Salary to Tho* iNTAlider to

ill July 1799 ----- 5 —

1800. By paid 11. Upton, Eh}, half a year’s Sa-

March 19th. To Received from Mr. Glascock 574 23 3 lary to 24lii June 1799 -; 30--

By paid Tho* McAlilier half a year’s Sa-

lary to 1 ft of January 1800 5

By paid H. Upton, Esq. half a year’s Sa-

lary to 25th December 1799 3°

y^ Balance - - - 7°~~i 1,959 >9

£■ a,0Q9 19 —J £ 2,0-20 IQ -J

Dr - -- -- -- The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from May 1S00 to May 1801 - ...... Cr.

» lSoi. £■ f. 1800. £ <•

May - To Balance from May 1800 - >,959 >9 — July lft. Hal year’s Salary to Thos Mc.Miller, Mef-

fenger - - 5 - -

May ill. To Received from Mr. Glascock, First 15 th. Henry Upton, Lfq. half year’s Salary to

Fruits ----- 232 16 3 Multi; inner - 30 - -

January lft. Halt year’s Salary to '1 ho* McAliiicr to

y^ ChnlLnas - 5

y' 2d. Henry Upton, Esq. half year’s Salary to

C hr litmus - w —

L / ’1 *

y' Balance - - - ‘M-22 J5 2-}

1 1 1 i 1 \ 1 •2,192 >5 3l Total - - £. ■2,1 ui 15 Si

XV The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from May 1801 to 5 th January 18 ui - - ...... U.

1801. £. s. d. 1801. £ f.

To Balance from Lift Account •2,122 13 31 July lft. Paid half a year’s Salary to Tho* M'Aliner,

1802. Melleuger - 5 '

January 4th. To Received for First Fruits from Mr. 7th. Ilenrv Upton, F.fq; his half year’s Salary

Glascock ----- O 00 1 to Midiiirnmer - 30 --

Paid half a year's Salary to Tho* Alitter,

, Mellenuer, to Chriliiuas - 5 --

y' Henry Upton, Liq; his half year’s Salary

to Christmas - - - 30

- Balance - - - •2,457 3

£■ 2,527 3 3i Total - - . £ 2,517 3

I)r, ...... The Account of the Fund of First Fruits, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1S0 } ——

January 4th. Balance brought down - - Received First Fruits from Mr. Glascock - £. s. d. 2,457 3 3i 526 17 + July lft. July 14th. Jan. id. Jan. 2d. Half a year’s Salary to Tho* M'ALiar, Messenger ----- To Henry Upton, Ef:;. half year to Mid-iiumner - -Half year’s Salary to Thu* McAhmr, Messenger ----- Half year Salary to Henry Up tun, Esq. - £ '■ c: 5 30 5" ‘•O

y^ £■ Balance - - - j -2.(04 '*

1 1 1 1 1 \, ^984 — 7$ Total - £ j 0, 4 - I*

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

121 i

(- 0 + ) An ACCOUNT of ail Sums of Money Received and paid by the Tniftecs and Com midi oners of Piiist Fruits, under the llead ol 1 R 1 M A f E B O U L 1 E 11 S 1 U N D," irom 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing each year.

The Account of Primate Boulters Fund, from April 20th 1790 to May 24th 1790 - -- -- Cr.

1790. April 23d. To Received from the Exors of Mr. Me-redyth * £■ «• 2,546 9 u 1790. April 24th. 30U1. May 22d. May 24th. By paid to Clergymen and Widows, per vouchers ----- Bv paid ltiehd Jones, Law Agent, per rec* - - - John Carden, Esq. as per voucher, and order of his Grace the Archbishop of Calhel Letter of Attorney, and Transfer at Bank of Ireland - - ----- Balance - - - £■ £■ «• d. 439 12 6 47 6 j 200 0 19 8 1,804 9i 2,546 9 i*

ijQO. £. s. d.

May 24th. To Balance ----- 1,804 10 gl

To Dividend on Bank Stock to Christmas

i?8y 810

To Balance this day paid to his Grace the

Archbishop of Dublin - 2,614 10

Dr - -- -- - The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from 24th May 1790 to May 1791 - -- - - -- Cr.

1700. £. d. 1791- £. s. d.

Alay 24th. To Balance brought down - - 2,614 10 9) January 27. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for one year's

Salary, due 25th December 1790 60

29 th. 1 To Received on account Moore’s Mortgage, By paid Clergymen and Widows, per

j to 20ill September 1789 - 325 vouchers (No. 1.) for the half year to

June 20th. j To D° - - on account of Burton's Mort- Christmas 1789 - 129

gage, to July 17^9 100 By paid Clergymen and Widows, per

Dec. 26th. To ID - - on account of Moore’s Mort- vouchers, for half year to Midfuinmer

gage, to 2bib September 1700 3-5 1790-2 543 7 6

To i)° - - Intcp ft on Debentures for By paid Clergymen and Widows, per

one year, to 24th June 1790 1 0 r^. cv vouchers, for half year to Christmas

To 1)° - - otic year's Sub. on 20 Deben- 17903 ----- 563

tures ----- 1 1 0 1^ By paid Tho’ Burgh, F.fq. for one year’s

1791- Salary due 25th March 1791 IOO

Feb. nth. To \)° - - on account of Banbridge

Turnpike, due November 1700 - 50 Balance - - - 3,480 8 3i

To D° - - littered 011 Debentures for half

1 a year, to 23th December 1790 - 463 »5 —

1 £■ 4^75 15 94 £■ 4,875 15 9i

D'

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from 9th May 1791 to May 1792

Cr

May 9th.

loth.

June 27th.

July 5th.

Dec. 27th.

1792. Jan. 27th.

1/91-May 28th.

£. s. d. 1791. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s Salary to 25th instant By paid Reverend Thomas Hadings, for

To Balance brought down - -To Received from Right honourable In° 3,48o 8 s| June 25th. 17th.

Foder, for Tythes ot Collon To Received littered on Debentures, half 900 the purchase of 1 acre and 24 perches of Land for the perpetual Cure of the Paridi

a year to 241I1 indant -To Received on account of Burton's Mort- 463 15 — 1792. of Crumlin, in the Diocese of Dublin -

gage, to July 1790 -To Received littered on Debentures half a 100 Jan.18th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s Salary, due 25th December 1791

year to 25th lnstant -To Received on account of Moore's Mort- 4r>3 15 — By paid Reverend Mr. Clark and Reverend Mr. Elwood, for half a year’s Salary to Christmas 1790, per receipt

gage to ‘26th Sept. 1791 To Received for Bank Dividend to Decem- 3-5 By paid Clergymen and Widows, per vouchers, for half a year, to Midfuinmer

ber 1790 one year - - - - 54o 1791 (No. 1.) By paid Clergymen and Widows, per vouchers, for the half year to Christmas 1791 (No. 2.) -By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year's Salary, to 25th March 1792 - - £■ Balance -

* t 1 1 1 1 ^. CO 00 c c» £■ 1 M~ur 1 l,

£■ *• <i-

30-----

100-----

30-----

15 ip

578 10 — 538 — —

JOO-----

1,392-----

4,880 18

6,272 18 3*

1212

Appendix.

A. 1803.

IX,

(No. 2.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid under the Head of " Primate Boulter's Fund,"—continued.

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from ill May 1792 to lft May 1793

1792.

May.

June 20th.

24th.

28th.

17 93-Jan. i-9th-.

f. S. (I. 179-2.

To Balance brought forward - - 4.M® 18 3J May i/th. By paidhis Grace the Archbishop of Dublin

lor purchase of 12 Acres of Land as a

To Received from his Grace the Lord Pri- Glebe for the Parish of Garriftown in

mate, which his Grace recovered on tome the Dioceie of Dublin -

Waterworks Bonds on York Buildings, July 3 J. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year's

due to the late Lord Primate Boulter - 416 10 10 Salary to 24th June 1792 -

To Received lor half a year’s Interest on 1793-

265 Debentuios - 463 15 — Jau. 9 th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq, for half a year's

To Received for Bank Dividend to Chrifr- Salary to 25th December 1792 -

mas 1792* ----- 1.J28 19 6 By paid Clergymen for the half year to

Christmas 1791 (No. 1.) -

To Received on accour.fr of Moores Mort- ' By paid Clergymen and Widows for the

gage to 26th September 1792 3*5 half year to Midsummer 1792 (No. 2.)

To Received on account of the Turnpike By paid Clergymen and Widows for the

from Dundalk to Banbridge, to Nov. half year to Christmas 1792 (No. 3) -

1791 ----- 25 By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year's

To Received from Mr. Barlow' for the Sdary. to 25th of March J 793 -

Turnpike from Dublin-to Dunletr, for

one year - - - - 30 — —

To Received for half- a year's Interest on

265 Debentures - f s d 4^3 15 ~

*• u• Midfmnmer 1791 - - 247 10 —

Christmas - 1791 - - 247 10 —

Midsummer 1792 - - 247 10 —

Broker's Interest, being 4-

per-cent. on £.3,600 new

Stock 55 H 6

Christmas 1792, Dividend

on £. 12,boo Stock - 330 15 —

• ts 00 <0

Balance -

£■ 7.733 18 7.1

£ !- 1

300-----

30 —

30 — 40 10 — 542 5 — 541 15 -200 — —

1,684 10 — 6,049 8 i\

7.733 18 li

Dr - - The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from ill of May 1793 to the lft May 1794 ...... Cr.

1793- £■ d- 1/93- £ s. d.

May ift- To Balance brought down - - 6,049 8 7^ July 15th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s

Salary to 24th June last - 30

July 22. To Received-on account of the Turnpike Aug. 22d. By paid his Grace the Archbishop of

from Dundalk to Banbridgo, from Mr. Calhell, for fining down twenty Acres

Page, to 1792 - 25 of Land, the properly of Sam1 Allen, Esq.

To halt a year’s Interest on 265 Deben- 1794- in the Diocese of Calhel 200

tures at 3 per-cent. - 463 15 — Jan. 27 th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year's

Oa.9. To Received lor Bank Dividend 330 15 — Salary to 25th December 1793 - 2°

To Received for Bank Dividend •22 - 8J By paid Revd Jo* El wood half a year’s Sa-

Nov. 7. To Received for Interest on.Moore's Mort- lary to Christmas 1792 - 11 10 -

gage, due Sept. 1793 - - — 3-5 By paid Revd Mr. Clarke half a year’s Sa-

8. To Received for Interest on Burton's Mort- lary to Christmas 1792 - 4

gage, 2 years to July 1792 - 200 By paid Clergymen and Widows for half a

1 c94- year to Midluinmer j793 - 557 5 0

January 10. To Received half a year’s Interest on 265 By paid Clergymen and Widows for half

Debentures at 3^ per-cent. - - - 4'>3 15 — a year to Christmas 1793 - 489 9

Feb. 27. To Receivei for Bank Dividend 393 i* 4 By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year’s

Salary to 25th March 1794 200

£■ 1,522 4 4

Balance - - - 6,75* 4 Si

_ . 1 £■ 8,273 6 7 11 1 1

Dr -- ----- The Account of Primate Boulter's Fund, from id May 1794 to lft May 1795

Cr.

1794-May lit.

July 14th.

Aug. 14th. Dec. 16 th.

1705-Ju.11. 13th.

Feb. 14th.

To Balance brought down - - £■ s. d. 6,751 2 si 1794. July 23d. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year’s

To half a year's Interest on 265 Debentures a- £• 3 j-per-cent. to 24th June 1/94 463 »5 — Aug. 24th. 1795. Salary to 24th June -By paid Bishop of Meath, for fining down the Rent of a Glebe for the Parish of Clanfadforan in the Dioceie of Meath -

To Bank Dividend to Midsummer 1794 - 410 Feb. 5th. By paid Bishop of Leighli?^ «i7§d Ferns, for

To Received-Interest on Moore's Mortgage one year to 26th September To Received for half' a year’s Interest on 265 Debentures a' £. 3 J-per-cent. to Christmas 1794 - 3^5 fining down ten acres of Land at Dun-keckney in the Diocese of Leighlin

4^3 15 — By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for half a year's Salary to 25th December 1795 -By paid Clergymen ami Widows in the halt

To Receiv'd for Bank Dividend to Christ-inas 1794 ----- 412 7 3 year to Christmas 1794 -By paid Clergymen and Widows in the half

8,825 19 8g year to Midsummer 1794 -By one year's Salary to Thomas Burgh, Esq. to 25th March 1795 - £ Balance - - -£

£■ '■

30 —

200 — —

1.754 — 7,o7«J

8,815 >9

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1213

(No. 2.>-Acc ount of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of " Primate Boulters Fund,"—continued. '

Dr

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from lft May 1795 to the ill May 1796 - -- -- -Cr

1795. May lit.

June 27th.

Aug. 10th.

1796. Jan. 13th.

Feb. 11th. Feb. 17th.

Feb. 17th.

To Balance brought forward - -

To half a year’s Interest on 265 Debentures at £.3^ per-cent, to 24th June

1795 ......

To Bank Dividend, to Midsummer 1705 -

To half a years Interest on 265 Debentures at 3 A per-cent, to Christmas 1795 To Bank Dividend to Christmas 1795 To Interest on Moore’s Muitgage to 26 Sept. 1705 -

To Interest on Burton’s Mortgage, 2 years, to July 1794 -

£■ *• d. 179b.

7,071 19 Feb. 18. By paid Henry Uplon, Esq. fur half a year’s Salary to 30th June -By paid Lifliop of Cloyne, for sinh g down the Rent of twelve acres of Land as a

463 15 — Glebe for the Parish of Dungourney in

449 17 — the Dioceie of Cloyne -By paid henry Upton, Ffq. half a year’s Salary to 31 December 1795

463 15 — By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

449 17 — men, yin the half year to Midsummer 1795> Per (No. 1.) -

325 By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergymen, in the half year to Christmas 1795,

200 per (No. 2.) -By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. one year’s Salary to the 25ih xYlarch 1796 - Balance -

9,424 3 H

£■ »'• a-

so-----

200 -----*

30-----

599 15 —

544 5 —

200-----

1,604-----

7.820 3 8|

9.42+ 3 8g

Api

(N

con

Dr

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from ill May 1796 to the lit May 1797

1790. £■ »• 1-96. £. s. d.

May ill. Balance brought down - - - 7,820 3 8| July 7. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s

>797- Salary to 24th June 1796 - 30

July 13 th. To half a year’s Interest on 265 Deben- January 7. By pma Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s

tures at 3 h per-cent, to 24th June 1796 463 15 — Salary to 25th Dec. 1796 - 30

15th. To Bank Dividend to Midsummer 1796 - 480 7 — April 21. By paid Archbishop of Tuatn for fining

1797- down the Rent of Lands for a Glebe to

Jan. 25 th. To half a year’s Interest on 265 Deben- the Parishes of Ougha\al, Aughagower,

tures at 3 A per-cent. to 25U1 December Kilmaclaffac, and ki;geever, and Dioceie

1796 - - 4^3 15 — of T11 am ----- 200 —

25 th. To Bank Dividend to Christmas 1796 486 By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

January. To Interest on Moure’s Mortgage, to 26 men in the half year to Midsummer

September 1796 325 1796, per (No. 1.) - 575

April. To Received on account of the Turnpike By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

from Dundalk to Banbridge, per Mr. men in the half year to Christmas 1796 587 5 —

Page, to 94 50 By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. lor one year’s

Salary to the 31ft March 1797 - 200

£■ i,i>22 5 —

Balance - - - 8,4.66 15 8J

£■ 10,089 — 8j £■ 10,089 — Sj

Dr

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from lit Ma)' 1797 to lft May 1798.

1797- £■ *■ 1797- £- d.

May lft. To Balance brought down - - 8,466 13 8| July loth. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s

Salary to 24th June 1797 - 30

June 29th. To half a year’s Interest on 265 Deben- May 25th. By paid Henry Upton, Esq. half a year’s

tures at 3 2 per-cent, to 24lh June 1797 4^3 15 — Salary to 25th December 1797 - 30

July 10th. To Bank Dividend to Midsummer 1797 - 486 — — By paid Clergymen and W ldows of Clergy-

Aug. 15th. To Received for the Sale of the Commis- men in the half year to Midsummer

sioners Right to subscribe to a Bank 1797 per (No. l.) - 572 15 —

Loan ----- 1,865 By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

‘November. To Interest on Moore’s Mortgage to 26th men in the half year to Christmas 1797,

1798. September 1797 - 325 per (No. 2.) 527 15 —

January. To half a years Interest on 265 Deben- By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year’s

tures at 3 J per-cent, to 25 December Salary to 31ft March 1708 - 200

1797 - - - - 463 15 — By paid Reverend John Clarke to 18th

February. To Bank Dividend to Christmas 1797 486 December 1796 - 4

By paid Thomas Kimmis, Esq. his Bill of

Coils -*-• 39 *3 —

£■ 1,404 3 —

Balance - - - 11,152 2 8g

£■ 12,556 5 H j £■ 12,556 5 8|

Dr - - 798 to the lft May 1799 ----- ... C\

1798. May lft.

July 18th. 25^-

179Q. Jan. 8th.

Vol. 58.

To Balance brought down

To half a year's Interest on 265 Debentures at 3 I per-cent, to 24th June 1798 To Bank Dividend to Midsummer 1798 "

To Interest on Moore’s Mortgage to 26th September 1798 -

To half a year's Interest on 265 Debentures at 3 J per-cent, to 25th December 1798

Carried forward

£■ S. d.

11,152 2 n

463 15

487 6 9

325 — —

463 15 —

12,891 si

By paid H. Upton, Esq; half a year’s Salary to June 1708 By paid H. Upton, Esq; half a years Salary to Dec. 1798 -

By paidClergymen and Widowsof Clergy men in the half year to Dec. 1797 per(No.i.) By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergymen in thelhail year to Midsummer 1798 per (No. 2.) ......

Carried forward - •> -

£■ *■ d.

30-----

30-----

44 io —

573 5 —

677 15

1214

Appendix

A. 1803.

X,

(No. 2.)—Account of all Sums of Monty Received and Paid, under the Head of " Primate Boulters Fund/'—continued.

j)r. - The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from lft May 1798 to the lft May 1799—continued.

1790. l eu. 8th.

June 25th.

Brought forward -

To Bank Dividend to Ciiritmuis 1798 To Received from Mr. Page for ’lurnpike from Dundalk to Banbndgc one year, to November 25th -To Received from Mr. Barlow for Turnpike from Dublin to Dunleer, lix years, to 25th March 1787 -

£. s. d. i*»8yi ift 5j 487 6 9

25-----

I80 — —

izsH 6

o

Brought forward - -By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergymen in the half year to Christmas 1798 £■ >■ i. 15 -

July 14. per (No. 3.) - 488 8 -

By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year’s

Salary to 31ft March 1799 *00

1799- By paid Richd Jones, Lats Agent 217 5 —

Mar. 19th. By paid Bishop of Cashel for purchase of # J

a Lease - - - - -By paid Bishop of Cork for fining down the 200 —

Rent of Lands in the parish of Ardnaguiv

to build aGiebeHouseon(Diocese of Cork) By paid his Grace the Primate for fining down twenty acres for a Glebe in the 200 — —

Parish ofKiliaran and Diocese of Armagh 200

2.183 8 -

Balance - - - II400 l8

13.584 6 2$

X)r. - -- The Account of Primate Boulters Fund, from the lft of May 1799 to the lft of May 1800 - - - - Cr

9

1700. £■ s. d. C 1

May lft. To Balance brought down - 11,400 18 ‘ By paid"H. Upton' half a year’s Salary f6

June 1799 - 30 —

June 28th. To half a vear's Interest on £. 26,500 De- * By paid-H. Upton half a year’s Salary to

bentures, of. £. 3 J per-cent, to 24th June December 1799 3°

17V? - 463 i'5 — By paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. for one year’s

Jttly 4’h. To Bank Dividend to Midsummer 1799 - 487 6 9 1700. Salary to 3 l it March 1800 200

1800. July gth. By paid Bishop of Ollorv, for fining down

Jail. 6th. To Bank Dividend to Christmas 1709 487 6 9 14 acres of Land in the Union of Odogli

nth. To half a year’s Interest on £. 26,500 De- and Diocese of Ollorv 200

hen lures, at £. 3 \ per-cent, to Christmas By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

1799 - - t - 4C3 15 — man in the hah year to Christmas 1798,

February. To Interest on Moore’s Mortgage to 26th per (N 0. 1.) - - - 49 w—

September 1799 - 325 By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

men in the half year to Midsummer 1799 570 2

By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

men in the half year to Christmas 1799 555 10 -

£■ 1,635 2 6

Balance - - - 1 i,oyi 19

- ----- 13,628 1 8j £■ 13,628 1 8$

Dr - -- -- rJ he Account of Primate Boulter's Fund, from the 1 ft of May 1800 to 19th May 1801

1800. £■ s. d. iSOO. Paid Mr. Upton J year Salary Midsummer £■ >■

To Balance brought down - - 11,992 19 2| July 15U1. 30--

1800 -

'1 0 half year’s Interest on 265 Government Paid Thomas Burgh, Esq. one year’s Salary 200

Debentures to 24th June, at 3^-per-cent. 4^3 15 — 1S01. to 31 March 1801 -

Punk Dividend to Midlmnmer 5*4 10 6 Jan. 2d. Paid Mr. Upton | year Salary to Christmas 3°-'

To half year’s Interest on 265 Government 1800 -

Debentures to Christmas - 4^3 15 — By paid Clergymen and the Widows ot

To Bunk Dividend to Christmas 1800 524 16 6 Clergymen in the half year ending at- 578

Interest on Moore’s Mortgage to 26 Sep- Midsummer 1800 -

tember i8ou- - 325 — — By paid Clergymen and Widows of Clergy-

men in the half year ejiding at Christmas 1800 5«3

M°‘

* Balance - - - 12,894 * -*

» \ 1 1 t 1 ts H>295 2 2| £ 14,295 *• *1

Dr

The Account of Primate Boulter’s Fund, from the 19th of May 1801 to 5th January 1802

1801. July 14 th.

July 16 th. Dec. 27th.

To Balance brought down - -

To half year’s Interest on 265 Government Debentures of one hundred each, to June 24 at 3 \ per-cent. -To Received Bank Dividend on £. 12,600 Bank Stock to Midfiuumer 1801 To Received Interest on Mr. Burton's Mortgage for Two Thousand Pounds, for 5 years to July 1799, at 5 per-cent.

To Received from Mr. Page for Turnpike Debentures for £. 500 from Dundalk to Banbndgc, for 2 years to November *797 - ......

c

S. d. 1801.

12,894 2 July 7th.

July.

463 »5 1802.

Jan. 2d.

524 l6 6

Jan. 2d.

500 — —

50 — —

H>43* »3 83 j

Mr. Upton half a year’s Salary to Midrummer -

Paid Clergymen and the Widows of Clergymen to Midsummer 1801 -

Mr. Upton half a year's Salary to Christmas - -

Paid Clergymen and the Widows of Clergymen, lur Christmas half year

Balance -

30

586

30 381

10 —

— by-

<i.

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1215

(No. 2.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Mead of u Primate Boulters Fund,"—continued.

Dr

The Account of Primate Boulters Fund, from 5th January 1802 to 5th January 1803.

C\

£. s. d. £• *■ d-

To Balance brought forward - - 13,404 18 8g January To Clergymen, the Remainder of Christmas

1802. and Feb. half year ----- J57 *5 -=•

Jan. 26th. Received the Dividend on Bank Stock due July. Mr. Upton, his Salary to Midsummer So;

25th December - - - - 562 6 3 July. To Clergymen and Widows of Clergymen

Feb. 24th. Received the interest due 26 September ori their half year to Midsummer 587

Moore's Mortgage - 325 oa. 8. To purchase 50 Government Debentures of

Feb. 12th. Received interim on 265 Government De- One Hundred Pounds 5 per-cent. Coin-

bentures at 3 A per-cent, due at 25th mission and Interest - 4,£>92 IS

Decern her - 4^3 15 — April. Thomafi Burgh, Esq. one year's Salary to

Mar. 24th. Received from Boileu 2 years Interest on 31 March 1802 - 200 — —

Turnpike Debentures from Duhlin to Jan. 2d. Mr; Upton, his Salary to Christmas 30 — —

Dunleer, 2 years to 25th March 1789 - 60 —

July 12th. Received the Dividend on bank Stock to

25th June - 562 6 3

Aug. 19th. Received interest on 265 Government De-

bentures at 3* per-cent, to June 25 *h - 453 *5 —

Nov. 20th. Received Interest on I\lr. Iiuru n’s Mort- 5,997 8 1

gage for 2 years to 26th July iSci 200 Balance - - - 10,044 13

£■ 16,042 1 2j £■ 16,042 1 2

(No. 3.)—An ACCOU>

JNT of all Sums of Money Received and Paid by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, under the Head of P A R LI A M L N T A R V G R A N T S from 1790 to January 1803; distinguishing each year,

D'

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from April 21ft 1790 to May 24th 1790

V £■ t. d. 1790: £• i

To Received front Executors of Hehry May 3d. By paid Bishop of Cloyne on account of

- Meredyth ----- 4,484 1 2 Church at Leelgoold - no

a / By D° — DJ - - D’ at Kanturk 100

/ By D° — D* — DJ - Kilbren 100 —

/ By D° - - 1)° - - D* - - - - Aghenagh 100 — —

*■ / By I)° - - D3 - - D° Rnghan 100

/ . 5th. By D° Bishop of Ollory - - Donoghmore 500 — —

/ 9th. Revd Mr. Thomas - - - Glebe house IOO

/ His Grace the Archbishop of Tuam, for

/ Glebe of Killereen *■ 200 — —

- / f Kilbrin Church - 100 — —7

Bishop of Cloyne, for* Agenagh - - IOO

£ Reghan D° - - ioo

/ Balance - - - 2,874 1 2

- 1 1 V 1 4,484 1 2 £■ 4,484 1 2

Dr - -- - The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from 24th May 179° May 1791

Cr.

1790: May 24th.

y

1790: May 25th.

June 8th.

July 12th.

July 6th. June 8th.

Jtdy 16th.

July flilfh Sept. 9th.

oa. 5th,

6th. 19 th. N6v. 13 th. Pec. 3d.

13th.

By paid Archbishop of Cashel for fining down certain Lands mentioned in his Memorial -

By paid Henry Upton, Esq. for his extraordinary trouble in methodizing the bust-ness and services since the year 1771 By paid Revd Henry Bruce for building a Glebe House at Aglidoovey, in the Diocel’e of Derry -

By paid Archbishop of Tuam for account of a Church at Kilrouan -

By paid Kevd George Knox for building a Glebe House at Aghanloo, in Diocete of Derry -

By paid Bishop of Meath for fining down Lands for a Glebe to the Curacy of Kinnegad -

By paid Bishop of Meath for building a Glebe House at Kinnegad -By paid Bishop of Ferns on account of a Church at Bail tinglass - -

By paid Bishop off Ahehagh £.100 Cloyne on account< Kilbreen - 100 of Church at & ( Raghun - 100

By paid the Bishop of Limerick for account of RcvJ Henry Ingrams Glebe House at Kilnurry - - * -

By paid the Bishop of Waterford for account of a Church at Stradbally -By paid the Archbishop of Cashel for account of a Church at Doon -By paid the Bishop of Tuam on account of a Church at Kiitubud ——

By paid the Archbishop of Cashel for account of a Glebe House at Knockgrafford By paid the Bishop of Cloyne on account of a Church at Raghan

By paid the Bishop of Cloyne on account of a Church at Aherragh -

Carried forward *■ - * £ *,850

V^OOglC

200-----

100-----

100-----

ioo-----•

100 —-----

200-----

15° — —

500-----*

SO 0-----—

IOO «— — 100 — —

500-----*

100-----

100-----

loo-----*

100 — —*•

Appc

(No.

* c

25 J

contii

1216

Appendix.

A. 1803.

(No. 3.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid under the Heads of " Parliamentary Grants,"—continued.

Dr

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from 24th May 179° to May 1791—continued.

" - - O.

Brought forward Balance

£• *■ d. I

2,874 1 2

2,421 x 9

5.295 * n

1791: Jan. 4th.

8th.

22d. 28th. Feb. 5th.

Feb. 19th.

Mar. 10th.

26 th. April 28th.

of a Church at By paid Bishop 1 of Cloy neon account of Church 5 at -

Brought forward -

By paid the Bishop of Waterford on account of a Church at Stradbally -

By paid Henry' Upton, Esq. to complete House and Offices* per his Grace the Primate's order 2iii May 1787, Diocese of Armagh - -

By paid the Revd Tho* Forfter on account of a Glebe House at Phillipftown, Diocese of Armagh -

By paid the Bishop off Kilkea(1£-100

Killaloe on accounts •'-*

1 Drumercny 100

Kilbreen^,

Agherragh Raghan

By paid Bishop

of Meath, on * Kilmaflbn £. 100---

account of ‘ Caulericard 100 Glebe House ) Kiiiikeer -at - - - (

By paid Revd Thomas Ilaftings, per ord^r of his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, for a Glebe lk)ule at Portmarnock - -

By per order of 7th of April 1788 to his Grace the Lord Primate, to build a Chapel of Kale at Ballvmore, and paid to the Recr of I)r. Uadclille and Leslie 26 th. Feb. 1791 -

Bv paid Bishop of Tuam inf z pi . \ hihonan- -

lull for Church at - KiUublld.

By paid Bishop of Killaloe C Dnunerchy -on account of Church at | KiLkeady - -

c

reen£.i35 2 11]

erragh 100-->

tian - 100--3

3

2,850

1. d.

100 — —

100-----

100-----

500-----

335 *11 300-----

150-----

39^-

100 -

50 -40 -2no -290 -

5>°-95

2 11

Dr

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from 9th of May 1791 to lft of May 1792

1791: £. s. d. 1791:

June 23d. To Received from Treasury Grant of 1787 and 1788, deducting Pells and Poundage May 9th.

9,700

19th.

13th. To Received from Rob1 Austin, Executor of

the late Doctor Mann, Bishop of Cork, for Money unexpended on the Church of

Durras ----- f y 390 June 8th.

/ 9th.

27th.

Aug. 27th

f Sept. 14th.

20th.

Dec. loth.

/ 1792:

f March 5 th.

-- / 7th.

- / 20th.

• - 10,090

C\

1. d.

1 9

By Balance as above -

By paid Richard Johnson, Architect to the Board of Plans oi Churches and Glebe Houses ——

By paid the Bishop of Cork and Ross for a Church at Kenneigh in the Diocele of Cork -

By paid Bishop of Raphoe for a Church at Tullogh, in the Diocese of Raphoe - -

By paid Rev. Thomas Waitings lor a Church at Garriltown, in the Diocele oi Dublin

By paid Rev. Thomas Hastings for a Church at PoFlmarnock, in the Diocefeoi Dublin

By paid Bishop of Waterford lor a Church at Stradbally, in the * "

Bv paid Bishop of Cloyne for a Church at kilmahon, in the Diocele ol Cloyne - -

By paid Bishop of Femes for a Church at Nurney, in the Diocele of Lcighlin -

By paid the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the rirlt deposit of 25 per-cent, on £. 3,600 lublci ibed

By paid the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the second deposit of 25 per-cent, on £. 3,600 subscribed

By paid Bishop of Raphoe for a Church at Drumholme, in the Diocele of Raphoe

By paid the Bishop of Cork for a Church at Durras, in the Diocese of Cork

By paid the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the third deposit ot 25 per-cent, on £. 3,600 subscribed

By paid his Grace the Primate for a Church at Termorinaguick, in the Diocese of Anna-'h

2,421

69 h s

500— 39a--500 --no — —

ICO —

200 ---*

50° — "

9OO —

90O —

500

500--^ 900 "

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

1217

(No. 3.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Head of * Parliamentary Grants,"—continued.

D' - -

- - The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants,.from 1 ft May 1792 to ill May 1793

C'.

1792: £■ s- 1702: £■ d-

May lft. To Balance brought forward - - - 1,099 4 — April 28th. By paid his Grace the Ford Primate for a

Church at Killencoole, in the Dioceie of

To Received from Treasury Grants of Armagh ----- 50b

17 89, 1700, and 1791, deducing l>ells By paid Fis Grace the Lord Primate for a

and Poundage ----- M>35° Church at Tulianifkin in the Dioceie of

« y May 14th. Armagh Bv paid Bishop of Clovne, on account of a 500

/ Church at Kilmahon, in the Diocese of Clovne ----- 100

/ Ibih. 2.5th. By paid Bishop of Clogher for a Church at Muikno, in ttie Diocese of Clogljer By paid Bishop of Kildare for a Chin ch at 39°

/ Ballyferman, in the Diocese of Kildare - 50O

/ June Gth. P.v paid Bishop of Clogher for a Church at

J Templecan, in the Diocese 0! Clojher 50O

2oth. By paid at National Bank for 41 li depolii

/ Sept. 2-id. on Stock, for £. 3.900 -By paid lWlliop ol Meath for a Church at 90O

/ Clontadlorun, in the Diocese of Meath 5oo

I Nov. 2uth. By paid Bishop of Clovne, on account of a

Church at Kilmahon, in the Diocese of Clovne ----- 129 1 7f

/ Dec. 14th. By paid Bishop of OlTory for a Church at

f Gaullkill, in the DiO^ele of Olinfiy - - 5oo

J Bv paid Bishop of Oi:orv for a Church at

I Mothel, in the Dioc.ele oi OlVory 500

j 26th. Bv paid P,ilhop of Raphoe for a Church at

j 1793: Jan. 10th. Kay or Uagliy, in the Diocese of Raphoe 300

/ By paid the Governor and Company of the Bank the ill deposit on j£. 2,394 Stock 630

/ Feb. 14th. By paid Bishop of Killala for a Church at

j Ardu-d), in the Diocese of Killala - 500 — —

1 March loth. By paid the Governor and Company of the

/ Bank of Ireland the 2d deposit on £. 2,394 Slock ----- C30 —

j f. 7^79 i 7 h

I Balance - - - 8-37° 2 4 V

15,649 4 — /. 15,649 4 —

Dr - - - - The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from ill Mav 1793 to ift May 1704 ----- - - - cr.

1793-- £. s. (L 179:G May 3 lit. £■ «. <1.

May ill. To Balance as above - - - 8737° * 41 By paid his Grace the Lord Primate fora

- Cmiuh at Bally more, in the Diocese of

August 3d. To Received at the Treasury - 4,850 — Armagh ----- no —1—

1794: By paid" the Governor and Company of the

£ larch 2 ad. To Received at the Treasury - 4,850 —- Bank of Ireland the 3d deposit on £.2,304 Stock 630

/ June 14U1. By paal Bishop of Waterford for a Church

/ at Stradhally, in the Diocese of Lilinore IOO

/ 25th. By paid the Go\c:nor and Company of the lhink of Ireland the 4th deposit on £. 2.394 Stock - - 504

/ July 17 th. By paid the Billion of Cork fora Church at

August 9th. Tnnpicmartin. in the Dioceie of Cork Bv paid his Grace the land Piimate fora 500

Church at Mullagdibrack, in the Dioceie of Armagh - 500

/ Oct. 19th. By paid the Bishop of Chmfert fora Church

/ at Kilhdooncv, in the Diocese of Clonlert 500

/ Nov. 30th. By paid the Hilltop of Clovne for a Church

/ at Kilmahon, in the Diocese of Clovne - 24 19

/ 1794 *•

/ April 2ift. By paid the Bishop. of Killala fora Church at lhmfeeny, in the Diocese of Killala -By paid the Governor and Company of the o00

/ Bunk of Ireland lor the purchase of £. 1 Stock ----- 1 7 —

/ £■ 3,170 6

/ Balance - - - 14,899 16 2 A

, 18,070 2 44 ! £. 18,070 2 4!'

Dr - - - ‘son Parliamentary Grants, from lit May 179410 lit May 1705 - - - - cr.

1704: iUay ift. 10 Balance as above - - - £. s. cl. 14,809 i(3 ah 1794: July 23d. By paid Bishop of Deny for a Church at * £. s. d.

1795 -• Feb. 14th. Tanihightiinlagan, in the Diocese of

To Received at Treasury . 4,850 August 24th. Deny ----- By paid Bishop of Killaloe for a Church at 500

Tenipleharry in the Dioceie of Killaloe - 300

Nov. 22d. By paid Bishop of Meath for a Church at

Kilbcry in the Dioceie of Meath - 500

/ 17 97G March 16th. Bv paid Fees at Auditor’s Oflice for Trea-iurera Draft for Five Thousand Pounds — 5 11*

s' £■ 1,390 511

s' Balance - - - 18,35910 3

19,749 16 2$ 1 -K 19,749 16 2f

1218 Appendix. .4.1803.

(No. 3.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Heads of " Parliamentary Grants,"— continued.

Dr

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from lft May 1795 to id May 1796

- O.

1795: To Balance brought forward - - - £■ s. 1795: £■ *.

May ift. 18,359 10 3 May 22d. By paid Rich1* Jolinftone, ArchiteS to the

Board for plans of Churches and Glebe Houses - 70-

/ I 29th. By paid Bishop of Derry for a Church in the

Parish of Lower Cumber and Diocese of Derry - - - - 500

/ By paid Bishop of Kilmore for a Church in

the Parish of Aflilield and Diocese of Kilmore ----- 500

/ By paid Bishop of Limerick for a Church in

the united Parishes of Kilguane, Durmfler, &c. and Diocese Of Ardfert - 390

/ June 5th. Aug. 7th. By paid Bishop of Ferns for a Church in the Parish of Rofsdroit and Diocese of Ferns By paid Bishop of Down and Connor for a Church in the Parish of Drumbeg and Diocese of Down -

500 — — 500

/ 1796:

/ March 26th. By paid Bishop of Raphoe for a Church in the Parish of Donnegall and Diocese of Raphoe ----- 500

/ 2,969 — 0

/ Balance - - *5;39u 9 9

1 1 t 1 1 18,359 10 3 £■ *8,359 ‘o 3

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from lft May 1796 to id May 1797

(X

1796: £. s. d. 1796: £ 1. i

May ift. To Balance as above * - - I5r39« 9 9 May 24th. By paid Bishop of OlTory foraChurch in the

Parish of Liiurlen and Diocese of Ollory - 500 —

1795: I. _ 1 V By paid Bishop of Oflory for a Church in the

June 5th. To Received at Treasury, Grant of Session Parish of Falcoftin and Dioceie of OfTory 500 —

ms ----- 4,850 30th. By paid Bishop of Derry for a Church in

1790: the Parish of Langtield and Diocese of

May 11th. Ta Received at Treasury, Grant of Session Derry - 500 —

1796- 4,850 By paid Bishop of Derry for a Church in

/ the Parish of Fermonany and Diocese of

/ Derry - - - 500 —

/ June 17th. By paid Bishop of Limerick for a Church

/ in the Parish of Killeery and Diocese of

/ Ardfert - - 300 —

/ July 6th. Bv paid Bishop of Meath for a Church in the

/ Parish of Rathconnel and Dioceie of Meath 500 —

/ 15th- By paid Executors of the late Archbishop

/ of Tuam to complete a Church in the

/ Parish ol Killeuran and Dioceie ot Tuam 50

/ 25th. By paid Bishop of Olfoty for a Church in

/ the Parishes of Odogli, Kilcormuck, and

/ Donoghmore, and Dioceie oi Ollory - - 500 —■

/ August 20th. By paid Bishop of Cork fora Church in the

/ Parish of Kihnaloda and Dioceie of Cork 500 —

f Dec. 22. By paid Sir In° Parnell to rebuild the

/ Church of the Union of Maryborough - 500 —

I 1797 •*

f April 21. By paid Bishop of Tuam for a Church in

/ the Parishes of Oughnaval, Atighnagower.

/ Kilmaclollbc, and Kilgeever, and Dioceie

/ of Tuam ----- 500 —

, / V £■ 4A50 - -

/ Balance - - - 20, ‘2 10 0 9

- £• 25>°9° 9 9 £■ •:5, IKW 9 9

- - - on Parliamentary Grants, from ift May 1797 to id May 1798 - - - ~ ~ - C'.

1707: May iff.

£■ s- 1797:

To Balance as above - - - 20,240 9 9 May 16th.

To Received at Treasury to complete the

Grant of Session 1797, the remaining part 23d.

having been received in Treasury Bills. - 15 14 —

To Interest on 52 Treasury Bills at £-100 June 26th.

each, and one at £. 50, which were re-

ceived on account of the Grant of Session July 3d.

1797 - ' 125 2 6

Aug. 15 th.

Interest to Christoias 1797. Sept. 4th.

1798:

/ Feb. 8th.

£■ 20,381 6 3

By paid Hi (hop of Tuam for a Church in the Parish ol Baliymacree and Diocese ot Tuuiu By paid Bishop of Ollory for building a Church in the Parish of Katiiiuram and Bordwell, and Dioceie of Ollory By paid Bishop of KillaloeforaChurch in the Parish of Quinn and Diorefe of Kiiluloe -By paid Bishop of Cloy, her for a Church in the Diocese of Clogher -By paid Mr. James Sinclair -By paid Bishop of Waterford for a Church in the Parish of Stoneabbey and Dioceie of Waterford -

By paid Bishop of Tuam for a Church in the Parish of Enaghdoen and Lackagh, and Dioceie of Tuam -By paid Archbishop of Tuam forfinifhwg the Church of E11 aghdoen and Dioceie ot luam

Balance -

500

500 —

500 -*

soo

13 9

300-

240

i'i

43 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1219

(No. 3.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the Heads of " Parliamentary Grants/'—continued.

Dr- - f — - — - v, - - cr.

1798: £■ «• d 1798: £. d.

May ill. To Balance brought forward - - - 17,725 ia 6 May 16th. By paid Bishop of Clogher for building a

Church in the Parish of Drumfnat and

July 6th. To Received on account of the Grant of Diocese of Clogher - 500 ——

Section 179S, part of £0,000, net - - 1,249 12 11 24th. By paid Bishop of Ofibry fof building a

Church in the Parish of Killermogh and

28 th. To half a year's Interest on 52 Treasury Diocese of Offory - 500

Bills, and 1 a’ 50, a 6 per-cent. 1 O N 1/5 30th. By paid Bishop of Clonfert for building a%

Church in the Parish of Clonfert and

Dec. 20th. To Received on account of Grant of Section Diocese of Clonfert - 500

1798, £.3,600; Pees 7s. id. - 3,599 12 11 June 19 th. By paid Mr. James Sinclair - 5 13 9

1709: August 10th. By paid Bishop of Cork for building a

Jan. 17th. To half a year's Interest on 52 Treasury Church in the Parish of Ardnagechy and

Bills a' loo, and 1 a' 50, a’ 6 per-cent. - 1 0 n Diocese of Cork - - > - 500

Sept. 25 th. By paid his Grace the Primate to complete

the Church in the Parish of Baronitown

and Diocese of Armagh - 110

£■ 2,11513 9

Balance - - - 20,774 4 7

22,88918 4 £■ 22,889 18 4

Dr - - - on Parliamentary Grants, from lft May 1799 to lft May 1800 - ... 0.

1799 £. d. 1799: £• d.

May lft. To Balance as above - - - *°>774 4 7 May 21ft. By paid Mr. James Sinclair - 5 13 9

Jan. 7th. By paid Bishop of KihaJoe for building a

June lft. To Received for Grant of Section 1799; Church in the Parish of Kilmovee, Caitie-

Pees ys. o\ d.. - 4,849 12 nf more, and Kilcolenan, and Diocese of

Achowy ----- 500

To half a year's Interest on 52 Treasury 14th. By paid Bishop of Killaloe for building a

Bills, and 1 a 50, to 24th June 157 10 — Church in the Parish of Monlon and D10-

1800: ceie of Killaloe - 500 — —.

To half a year's Interest on £. 5,250 Trea- Feb. 14th. By paid Bishop of Cloyne for completing a

fury to 25th December 1799, a 6 per-cent. 157 10 — Church in the Parish of Kilbren and

/ Diocese of Cloyne - 64 17 8

/ By paid Bishop of Cloyne for completing a

/ Church in the Parish of Kilmahon and

/ Diocese of Cloyne - 45 19 3

/ May 16th. By paid Reverend S. Ball fora Glebe House

/ in the Union of Odogh and Diocd’e of

/ Oflbrv ----- 100

/ 18th. By paid Reverend Richd Stock for a Glebe

/ House in the Parish of Drumragh and

/ Diocese of Derry - - 100

/ 24th. By paid Reverend Bishop of Raphoe for a

/ Glebe House in the Parish of Kiltwagh

/ and Dioceie of Raphoe - 150

/ 28th. Bv paid Reverend In° Waddy for a Glebe

/ house in the Parish of Lower Camber and

/ Dioceie of Derry - 100

/ Nov. 23d. By paid lhihop of Raphoe fora Glebe House

/ in the Parish of Shanoilan and Dioceie of

v / Raphoe ----- 150

/ Dec. 31ft. By paid Reverend Thos Grady for a Glebe

/ House, Caihcll ----- loo

/ £■ 1,816 10 8

/ Balance - - - 24,122 6 iOj|

- 25,938 17 6i £■ 25,938 17

A

0

2

c

The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from lft May iSoo to 19th May 1801 ...... Cr.

i . V

1800: * £■ •- d-

May lft. To Balance as above - - - 24,122 6 io^ Paid Mr. James Sinclair -

June. To Received for Grant of Section 1800 4,849 12 11 June 25th. Paid Revd Edward Day for his Glebe House

(Arche it) -

July 25th. To half year's Interest on 52 Treasury Bills

of an£. 100, and one £. 50, to 24th June Paid Lord Bishop of Meath for a Church at

1800, at 6 per-cent. - 157 10 — Kilmainham Wood, D. Meath

Jan. 24th. To half year's Interest on 52 Treasury Bills June 24th. Paid Bishop of Meath for a Church at Down-

of £. 100, each and one of £. 50, toChrist- patrick, D. Meath -

mas 1800, at 6 per-cent. - - - 157 10 —

/ May 21ft. Paid Bishop of Killaloe the Balance due on

a Church to be built at Templeharry -

Jan. 30th. Paid Richard Chaddock for a Glebe House

in the Diocese of Emly -

Jq,n. 30th. Paid Thomas Kemmis, Esq« his Bill of Costs

£■ Balance -

1 1 1 1 1 1 29,286 19 9J iaitized determined by

£■ d.:

5 13 9

100

500 — -— ;] \ |r

500 j1

no ;>■ I’ It

100 'i!; il>

68 6 4 i:

1,3^4 — l <17,902 19 8}

29,286 19 gi

1220

Appendix.

A. 18(3.

x,

h

IV ——

(No. 3.)—Account of all Sums of Money Received and Paid, under the I leads of " Parliamentary (1 runts,"—continued. - - - - The Account of Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from 19th May 1801 to 5U1 January 1802 -

- - - O.

£■ *• d- 1801:

To Balance brought forward - - - •27,00 a 19 Sj July -2-M.

18012 July 14th. By half year's luterest on 5‘iTrcafury Bills, and one of £. 50, at 6 per-cent, to June 24th 1801 ----- 157 10 —

Och (2id. By half year’s luterest on 163 Government debentures at 5 per-cent, and one of £. 50 to -29th September 1801 - 1 *r> GO 0 August iff.

July 21ft. Bv Received three-fourths of the Parlia-

inentary Grant of Session 1801 3.637

Dec. *22. By Rereived for the remaining fourth of

- the Parlimneutdry Grant of Session 1801 / 1,212 10 — Time 6th. June 13th.

/ June 30th.

/ July ift.

♦ July 6th.

(27th.

An gull 4th.

18th.

Nov. 12th.

/ i8lh.

1 1 1 1 is 33,318 14 8j

By f. 163 five per-cent. Debentures of £. 100 each, making £. 16,300, at 00 percent. bought pursuant to order of the Board of Eirl'r Pruitt of the 18th .1 id)' 1801, and lodged wi th Meliis Latouche, £. s. d. as j)er their Receipt - - 14.6-70-----

I *. I

- - - 203 14 2

Gib-

- - - (20 / 0

Luterest for 119 dav C 0111 mil 1 id u ed -N1 e fir boos and Williams By one 5 per-cent Government Debenture o! J\ 50, at £. 88. 17*. Od. - 44 .8 Interest for 1*25 days - - - — 17 Commithon ----- — 1

Lodged with Mellrs. Latouche, as per receipt.

Paid Mr. James Sinclair at Mr. Lutouchc’s Lord Bishop of Limerick for a Church in the Parish of Dingle, Dioeefc of Ardfert Paid Edwin Palmer mr aGDbe House in the Panlii of TulIa and Do cele of Killalop -Paid S moil Little for a Glebe Guide in the Parish of Killaree and Diocese of Perns -Lord Bishop of Cork for a Church in the Parish of Kilcafkan ami Dined- of Russ -Lord Bishop ol Cork for a Church in the Parish of Killed enenahm and Diocese of Lois -

Lord Bishop of Limerick for building a Church the Parish of Glin and Dioedtt of Limerick -

Lord Bishop of Clogher for building a Church in the Parish of Curnn and iJucele of Clogher -

Lord Bishop of Elphin for a plot of Ground at No/]e and Diocdeof Elphin fur budding a Glebe House -rlo the Ilev, \Yra Arnistrong for building a Glebe House in the Parish of M'.-dkti ui:d Dn.cele oi CMhrl - - - 1

Paid Life ph YHCarmick for building a Glebe I ionic in the Parish ol Agliadcrg and. Diocese oi Dromoie -

Balance

1

3 i

V

45 7 i

D - -

- The Account of Receipts and Payments on Parliamentary Grants, from 5th Jammrv 1S02 to 5th January 1803

£. s. (1.

Balance as above - - - 15,361 12

Feb. 26th.

Feb. 4th. Received half year’s Interest on 52 Trea-

iury Bills, and one of 50, at 6 per-cent, to March ad.

25th December la.lt - 157 10 —

April 3d. Received half year’s Interest on 163 Government Debentures at 5 per-cent, and

one of 50 to 23tii March - 408 15 — 4th.

June 26th. Received Interest on 52 Trcufury Bills, and

one. of 50, at 6 per-cent, to 251I1 of June 157 10 —

Received the Amount of the above named

Tre; Jury Bulls paid 01T as per Act of Parliament ----- 5,230

- April 10th.

July. Received the Parliament Grantfor beflion*

* I 1S02 - 4,^49 12 n June 26th.

Od. 6th. Received Interest on 363 Government De- June 1 It.

bentures, and one of £. 50, up to -29th

September 1.802 - 908 15 _ 2d.

/ July 24U1.

/ Aug uft.

/ 27th.

/: Sept. 24th.

/ Nov. 22d.

27.093 14 Hi

Paid James Sinclair at Mr. La tone bn's -Paid Biihnp of Meath pu rebate of a Glebe from M r. Lambert, \u the Dioccieoi Meath Mr. Keimms for Law Charges Ihiiioj) of Meath, per Henry VYvnne, lor a Ghbe in the Diocda of Meath Bishop or Killaloe, Mr. Muddart, for Glebe Nenagh, in the Diocdeof Meath -Bishop of Meath for a Church at Ratiie-amlra, in the Diocdeof Meath Bishop of Meath lor a Church at Ardagb, in the Diocdeof Meath -

Bishop of Meath lor a Church at Kilbride, in the Dion fe of Meath -Bishop of Meath lor a Church at Kcllogh, in the Diocese, of Meatli -

To purchase of One Hundred Government Debentures, bf.iriing luterest of5 per-cent. Purcluifed 52 Go\eminent Debentures, bearing Interest at 5 per-cent.

Bishop of Cio > ii«* for a ( ’hurch in the Panin of I Vrmov, in the Dioeefc of Clovne - -

Bishop ol Killaloe far a ('hurch at Kilierbi v, in the DluCefe ol Killaloe -

Bishop of Kill.doe fora Church at Kallady-fert, in the ihorde ol Killaloe Bishop of Meath fora Glebe at Puinllewn in the Dioeefc ol Meatli -To purchase of fnrtv-dght G ivemment Debentures of One Hundred P.anuN ea b, at 5 per-cent, being the application 01 (he Parliamenturv (Irani -Bishop of Kiilala f< r a Glebe JTuG for the Lev. Mr. Sin-(dart at Nenugh, in the Dioeefc of Killaloe -Bishop of Elphin for build:, g a Ciuuch in the Parish oi St. lVpr Athiom*

Bishop of ferns for lining d»ovn :* Gcbe f«>r Kilhgan, in the lhocde ol Leighian -

Balance

13 9

5

500-----

100-----

100 — — 500-----

500-----

500-----

500-----

50-----

£■ 17,o',7 a 8

- "

- £. 33,31* 1+ Sf

- 0.

.v. i

13 9

16 4

15 -

5 4

6 10

200

pi

200 113 500 5 00 500 50°

io/>34

5,^3

5 00 r°0 5,00 200

, U 5

1’

100 — " r.C O " "

Hi

_ n no —

1 -7;^i y

r. 27,'-"'S

- by

43 Geo. III. Appendix* 1221

(No. 4.)—P & IMATE ROBINSON'S LEGACY of £. 1,000, in Trust to the Commissioners of First Fruits, to be lent to the Clergy

on certain Conditions.

Dr - - - Lord Primate Robinfoifs Legacy.

1795: Way 5th. Pjijnate Robinfons Legacy - -' - £. s. d. 1,000 1795: May 9th. 1796: May 25th. June 3d. 1798: O&. 30th. By Stamp Duty on Legacy - By paid Rev. Rich4 Bourne -By paid Rev. Thomas Murphy By paid Rev. Rob1 Tronfon - & s. d. 1 200 — — 200 200

Balance - - Note.—Balance remained the lame the 5 th January £. 1803. 399

- ... 1,000 1,000

(No. 5.)—G R A NTS from the Commissioners of Compensation, for Three Boroughs.

Received from His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Authority of the Warrant of the Commissioners for making Allowances to Cities, Towns, or Boroughs, that uled to fend Member* to Parliament, in consequence of the Union, the following Sums of Money, which is to be funded, and the Interest is to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes (as shall tend moil effectually to promote the constant HeAdence of the Clergy) as the First Fruits, payable out of Eccleii-astical Benetiees in Ireland, are applicable by Law.

D1 ...... - Grants from the Commissioners of Compensation, for Three Boroughs - -- -- -- Cr.

1802: July 12th. Received at His Majesty's Treasury two In-flahnents on account of the Boroughs of St. Canice, 1 Oldleighlen, - - £. Cloghw, ) £. *. d. 18,656 IO lj 1802: July 12 th. By payment of Pells, Poundage and Fees -By purchase of 181 Gov* Deb* 5 per-cent. Balance - - - £■ £• d. 570 5 7i 18,041 12 3 44 12 3

18,656 IO 1$

1802: July 14th. Received at His Majesty's Treasury three , Instalments on account of the Boroughs of St. Canice, 1 Oldleighlen, > - - £. Clogher, ) £■ '• *■ 9,374 6 4* 1802: July 15th. By purchase of 92 Gov* Deb4 5 per-cent. -Balance -- - - £■ 9,329 H 9 44 »* 7i 9,374 6 4l

1802: Dec. 24th. Received at His Majesty's Treasury four Instalments on account of the Boroughs of St. Canice, 1 Oldleighlen, > - - £. Clogher, ) £. s. d. 9,592 10 3 1802; Dec. 24th. By purchase of 95 Gov* Deb* 5 per-cent. -Balance - - - £■ 9,545 17 4 46 12 11

9,592 10 s

Dr - - C'.

1802: 1802:

Feb. 17th. Received the Balance arising from the two £■ «• d. 0&. 9th. Paid 12 Gov* Debentures, at 5 per-cent, a' £. s. d.

first depoftts of the Borough Compenfa- £.gg. 12 s. 6d. - -£.1,195 12 61

tion, after purchasing 181 Government Interest 14 days, £. 2. 6. > 1,199 6 —

Debentures - 44 12 3 and Bkg® £. 1.10. - - - 3 16—j

April 3d. By half a year's Interest ©n 181 Gov1 De- Balance - - - 71 10 9$

bentures of 5 per-cent, to 25th March 180*2 452 io — /

July 15 th. By Received the Balance arising from the /

third deposit, after purchasing 92 Gov*

Debentures - 44 " 1% /

OS. 6th. Received by half a year's Interest on 273 •

Gov* Debentures, of 5 per-cont. to 29th

September ----- 10 — /

Dec. 24th. By Received the Balance anting from the /

fourth deposit, alter pure haling 95 Gov*

Debentures - - - - 46 12 11 /

£■ 1,270 16 9J - £■ 1,270 16 g\

y

Vo t. 58.

141

Appern (No. 7

a 5*Jul

tontinui

1222

Appendix.

A. 1803.

ppendix, io. 79.)

? Juli

on tinned.

Appendix, [No. 81.)

26* * Julii.

II.—An A C C O U NT of the Number of Parishes in Ireland, and of the Benefices, or Unions of Parishes, into which the fame have been distributed and reduced: Alio, an Account of the Number of Churches and Glebe Houses that were exiting in Ireland in the year 1791; and an Account of the Churches and Glebe Houses that have been built, or are now building, under Assistance from the Board of First Fruits mice that year; as far as the lame can at present be ascertained.

\pp«idix,

(No. 80.) if Julii.

DIOCESES. S T A T E in 1791. Grants by the Board of First Fruits since 1791,

Parishes. Benefices, or Union of Parishes. Churches. Glebe Houses. Deficiency of Churches compared with Parishes. Deficiency of Churches compared with Benefices. Deficiency of Glebe Houses to Parishes. Deficiency of Glebe Houses to Benefices. luwiroa Churches, £.500 each. building Houses, £.100 each.

Armagh _ . 103 69 69 51 34 _ _ _ 52 18 5 9

Dromore - - - 20 27 1 Church 3 Churches 12 10 2

iiiore. more.

Down and Connor - - 114 65 70 ^3 38 nd°- d J 9i 42 1 6

y ... - - 48 43 51 33 3 Churches 8 d°- d° 15 10 4 6

more.

Rap hoe - - - 31 *5 32 17 1 - d° - d° 7 d° - d° M 8 4 4

Clogher - - - 41 40 49 •26 8 - d° - d° 9 d ’ - d° 15 H 5 2

Kihnore - - - 39 30 36 9 3 b (i° - d° 30 21 1 2

Ardagh - - - 37 *4 29 10 8 5 d° * dw •27 M * - _ 2

Meath - - - 224 99 77 29 H7 •22 *95 70 12 20

Dublin - - - 209 86 82 35 127 4 *74 5i 2 3

Kildare - - 81 31 28 0 53 3 72 22 1 1

Leighlin and Ferns - - 232 79 7i 6 161 8 73 4 >5

OlTory - - 136 5 15 100 20 121 41 8 1

Cashel and Einlv - - 155 47 -35 16 120 22 >39 31 1 11

Waterford and Lismore - - ioo 44 3° 8 -e H 98 36 2 1

Cloyue - - - 137 C>9 51 5 8b iS 132 64 7 4

Cork and Rots - - 127 64 ' 53 14 74 11 ^3 50 7 3

Limerick, Ardfert, and Agl Kidoe - 176 88 47 H 129 41 16a 74 4 5

Killaloc and Kilknora - - ' >38 5° 3^ 4 100 12 *34 46 7 13

Tuam - - - -3 24 2 65 1 Church - 87 21 7 3

more.

Clonfert - - •; 00 15 H 2 46 1 58 13 2

E-pi jin - - 75 Co 26 5 49 3 70 1 1

Killala and Achoury - - 5* 20 ‘20 8 3 2 - - -■ -44 ’ 12 3 2

'M36 1 1,120 1,001 . 355 j.448 169 2,081 75 88 116

N. B.—1'his Return is made up from the best Materials now in the Chief Secretary's Office, and is believed to be nearly accurate. •- . A Return, that may be considered as perfectly correct, cannot be obtained until time shall have been given to refer to all

the Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland, for/he present lbite of their respective Dioceses,

24th July 1803. . Wm Wickham.

A further ACCOUNT of Sums advanced for Public Services from the Civil Lilt Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary

Expenditure of the Civil LIII) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

Matth-ew Martin, Esq. in full fotufodion of all Expences incurred in an Enquiry into the Mendicity of the Metropolis ~ £.639 17 t5

Charles Thomas Cracklow, Esq. in satisfaction for Lois sustained by erecting temporary Buildings at the Marlhulfea - - 534 15

William Chinnery, Esq. for Articles iiipplied Convicts at PorUhiouth, and the Settlement at New South Wales - - - S22 9 1

WrUwm Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Mr. William Broughton, Acting Couunillaiy at Norfolk I Hand for Wheat

purchal'ed for the use of that Settlement - - - t ...... - - - 471 5 —

is.j: I

£. 2,468 6 7

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers/ 25 July 1803. J

' N. Vansittart.

■jjfcfe—ti.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of Printing Journals of the Honourable House of Commons; for printing and delivering the \ otes; and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the prefcut Session of Parliament. __________

Fifteen Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ? 201I1 July 1803. J

* N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that wiU.be wanted to defray the Expellees incurred by John Soane, Esquire, and to reward hint for hi# trouble in' making 1 aligns, Elevations, and Efriniates for Alerations proposed, in the years 1794 and 1795, to be nude to the House

(*) Lords, and Rooms and Offices adjoining.

One Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,} 20 July 1803. )

N. Vansittart.

\n ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to repay the Deposit Money made on Forty 'Rickets of the Lottery of 1801, which, from particular circumstances, became forfeited, and which were fold for the benefit of the Public.

Two Hundred and Four Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 •id July 1803. 3

N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to discharge Arrears of Expences of the Seven Police O dices, for the year ending th* 5th of January 1802, being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing the allowance for the Police Efublishment.

Nine Hundred and Sixty Pounds Eight Shillings and Sixpence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 July 26, 1803. 3

N. Vansittart.

— Goegh

43 Geo. IIL Appendix*. •.?/ 122$

Ax A C C 0 U N T of the Amount of the Public Securities, and Balance in the hands of the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, in India, included in the Account N° 21, presented to the House, by the End India Company, on the 28th April 1803.

At Bengal, Sa R5 100,72,493 at 116 C. R6 per 100 SaR* At Madras, Pag5 - 3,30,351 at 425 C. It* per 100 Pag*

Total -

Current Rupees. 116,84,09a 14,29,49*

131,13,584

Appendix, (No. 8l2.) 27* Juliu

Kali India House, 7 27th July 1803. )

(Errors excepted)

Thomas E. Baker,

Alfift1 Auditor of India Accounts.

Ax ACCOU NT of the Sum that will be wanted to reimburse to Dr. Jf.nxer the amount of the Pees and Charges on the Receipt of the Sum granted by an Act of the la.lt Session of Parliament, as a Reward to hnn for promulgating his Dil’coveries of the Vaccine

IXOCL* I. ATION. __________

Seven Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Sixpence.

Appendix, . (No. 83.) \

27* Junii. j

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 27th July j 803. j

N. Vanfitt

11 ET URN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 13th July 1803, for " A Lift of all I’ensions granted, and now payable to

Appen

" Nati\es, and Foreigners, from the lit of'January 1800 up to the present time."

Per Annum.

Pensions out of the Civil List:

£■ s- £■

Lord Minto ----- - 1,200 —

Clare St. George Bearcroft Earl Gower and Sir A. Macdonald, in trust 200 1

lor G. 1*. do Kiit/leubcn -Lord and Lady Hereford, and the Survivor 13° ‘

of them ----- - 900 —

Charles Anthony Maclaine - 13° —

Edmund I ivinjlione - - 5oo —

Chnliine JaruLne - - 125 —

Sir Francis Dlvernois - - 200 — —

Henry Lord Monttord - - 600 — — —

Frances Mallet du Pan - - 200 —

Revd Tiu»* Maurice - - 300 —

Mary Swinburn - - 60

Revd Rob1 Munday - - 90 —* -- —

Lady Mary Mordaunt, additional 200 —

Revd William Miuhell - R‘ Hon. John \'illiers and Wm Garthlliore, ,30

Esq. in trust lor Lady Louiia Paget - 300 —

Ann Miller - - 130 —

Lord Robert Fitzgerald - - 800 —

Elizabeth Green - - 200 —

Revd Thomas Peirfon - - I30 —

Elizabeth llewgill - - 300 — —

D. J. Van de Spiegel - - 500 —

Anne Smith - - 50 —

John Lloyd - m 50 —

William ilufkiftbn, Esq. - - 1,200 —

Margaret Gray - - 200 —

Aun Jennings - - 3*5 —

Robert JtMUiings - * 105 —1-

Dorothy Emit - - 150 —

Charlotte Emit - - 50 —-

Robert Waller - * 5 00 —

Sir James Wriuht -----.Martha Cabell, Bern" Scutt Jones, and \Vm 500

Cabell, in trust for

Mary 'Turner Cabell - - 50 —

Ann Elizabeth Cabell - - 50 —

Thomas Scutt Cabell - - 50 —

Robert Davis Cabell - - 50 —. — —

Edward Majoribanks - " 250 —

Antoniette Heathcote - - 300 —

Abigail llouth - Edward Parry, in trust for Samuel W elcocke, 100 — —

Clerk - * 130 —

Lieutenant Colonel Francis Cunyngham - 258 —

Arthur Murphy - 200 —

I>ord Mont ford, additional - 200 —

Thomas Macdonald - - 770 —

Lady Clare - - 1,000 —

John Fortier - - 68 —

Captain Percy Fraier - - 300 —

Lord Viscount Fauconberg - 200 —

Sir George Yoiige - - 1,000 —

Rcvd Wm Dighv, in trust for

Lucia Carey Grattan - - 40 —

Caroline Carey 6 rat tan - 40 —

Frances Carey Grattan - 4° —

William Moltier - - 200 —

Honourable Jane Stevenson - 130 —

Honourable Anna Hill - - 130

Dowager Lady Triinbleftown - Hon. Cha5 Abbot and P. J. ThellulVon, 200 —

w trust for E. M. Wickham - - 675 '

The Duke of Portland, in trust for Josepha Elizabeth Biron de Gontaut 1

Charlotte Sabina Biron de Gontaut r 194 { *—

17,170

(No. f

20 Au

Pensions out of Civil List to late Foreign Mini tiers:

Right honourable John Trevor 'Lord Henley -

|Thc Honourable Pcobert Walpole Daniel Hailes iJohn Lewis Doerlield

Pensions out of the 4 J per-cent. Duties:

Lord Viscount Hood -Sophia Ricketts -

Lord llawkefiiury and Edward Watts, in trust for Isabella Ricketts -

Marian Irving, Widow -

Ditto, and William Callow, and Survivor of them, in trull for Liilias Catherine Marian Irving - - - -

Elizabeth Cooper -

jCountess Dowager Portarlington '.The Right Honble. Charles Long -

|Harriot Gore -

Charles Craufurd -

Isabella Frances Master -

Sir Abraham Iiume, Bart, in trust for

Henry Mailer ......

Richard Thomas Mailer -St. Vincent Frederick Master Louis de Curt -

Janet Hobart - -

The Hon. Henry Hobart, Clerk, and John . Sullivan, in trust for Albina Janet Hobart Charles John Hobart Augulius Edward Hobart Harriot Hobart, and Vere Cathe Louisa Hobart

Per Annum.

£• *• d.

1,200-----

2,000 -

2,000 -

80O-----

250 -

Per Annum.

2,000

411

103

120

80

500

800

1,500

206

1,200

200

100 100 lOO 500 200 -

1. d.

10

£■ d.

6,350-----

400-----

8,520 10 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 2d August 1803. j

, N. Vanfitt.

'■ I

1224 Appendix. 1803.

feETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the aid of March 1803, for—" An ACCOUNT, /hewing " what INCREASE or DIMINUTION has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, u Emoluments, and Expences, of all the PUBLIC OFFICES, for the year 1802.*

OFFICES.

Treasury ......

Secretary oP State, Home Department -- - * - D° - -- -- Foreign - - D°

-----D*.....War-----D*

Alien Office -

War Office - -

Ordnance -

Admiralty -

Navy Office - -

Victualling Office ——

Sick and Hurt Office -Transport Office -

Tax Office -

Stamp Office ——

Post Office -

Customs -

Excise - -.

Exchequer Bill Office -Commission Elis for Auditing Public Accounts Muster-Master General's Office Lottery Office -

Stationary Office -

Customs, Scotland -

Excise - - - D°

Comptrollers of Army Accounts -Auditors of the Land Revenue -Barrack Office ——

Signet Office - ......

Office for Reduction of the National Debt Hackney Coach Office -

Mint Office ......

Surveyor General of Crown Lands -Paymaster General - -

Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer

Surveyor General of Woods ——

Solicitor of the Treasury - ......

Receiver of the is. and 6d. Duties on Pensions, Ac. -Remembrancer of First Fruits -

Receiver of....D° -

Receiver of Tenths -

Privy Seal Office -

Hawkers and Pedlars Office -

Increase.

£■ *• d. 459 10

9 5l

89a 15 3

1,319 17 10

2 6015 10

Diminution.

£• s. d.

3,650 12 8 4*778 13 3

2,5H 19 2

6,565 9 8J

1,059 7 2,147 19 4,603 16 8,877 18 ioJ 17,946 12 8 25,945 9 7

52 11 4

2,460 1 8J

188 9 3

4,206 15 9

97—6

60-----

331 12 — 1,244 19 6

19,131 3 4$

1,000 -

Nil.

Nil.

60 —-----

Nil.

31,867 10 7

Total Decrease

- -

Nil.

903 12 6

Nil.

Nil.

25-----

Nil.

79,019 11 5;:

31,867 10 71

47^5* — 94

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 5 August 1S03. 3

N. Vanfutart.

Treasury.____RETU RN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 22dof March 1803, for " An Account, /hewing

« Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all

« the Public Offices, for the year 1802;" so far as regards His Majesty’s Treasury.

INCREASE.

By an additional Allowance per annum to the Salary of £. s. d.

the Door-keeper - - ~ -20

By a Gratuity to the Chief Clerk of the Bill Department, as by Minute of the 16th July 1802, annexed 300 ---~

Couls, Candles, and other Necessaries - - 5 7

Station.:ry - - - - " " 4^ 3 3|

Incidents " *5® 17

£.569 * 10

Dedud Decrease - -109100

Total Increase - - - £.459 18 10

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 5th August 1803. j

DECREASE.

By not filling up a Vacancy of an Extra Clerk, occa-(ioned by his being promoted to be a Supernumerary Clerk ...... - -

if. Vanfdlart.

\og 10 —

Copy MINUTE of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 16th July 1802.

READ, a Memorial of Mr. Crafer, First Clerk of the Bills of Exchange; praying some additional Allowance, in consequence of the increase of his Duties, and the tmft and responsibility of his Department:—

My Lords, having taken into consideration the long and diligent Services of Mr. Crafer, and the extent and labour of his Duty, as Chief Clerk of the Bills in the late period of War, in which that branch of the Public Service has been extended to so extraordinary an amount, are pleased to direct that a Gratuity of Three Hundred Pounds be paid to Mr. Crafer; and that he be appointed a Supernumerary Clerk in this Office immediately after the appointment of Mr. Earle:—

My Lords do not think proper to dll up the fttuation of Extra Clerk, become vacant by the promotion of Mr. Crafer.

—Dig 3d by

43 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

1225

Secretary of State: Home Department.—Whitehall, 22d April 1803.—ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, in the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, for the year 1802.

ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE.

INCREASE.

None.

DIMINUTION.

197- 8- 4-

By a Vacancy of a Private Secretary, since 5th July 1802. - D° - - of a Clerk, removed 11th November 1802.

Append! (No. 85.

5* August

continued, V_______^___

CONTINGENT FUND.

--- None. -

£■ d.

550. 7. 10.

MESSENGERS BILLS.

None. -

£■ '•

2,902. l6.

d. 6.

William Pollock, FirH Clark:

* Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.—An ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Secretary of State's Office for Foreign Affairs, in the year 1802.

ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE

INCREASE.

None.

DIMINUTION.

None.

contingent account.

3.596- 13- 3-

1

I,

r

MESSENGERS BILLS.

The Amount of the Messengers Bills for the year 1802, cannot be ex-aftly ascertained, in consequence of two of the Messengers, now on Service abroad, not having delivered in their Bills for the Half Year ending 5th January last; but there will probably be a Diminution of about - £. 1,182._

Tho1 Bidwell, Chief Clerk. [

____ I

Secretary of State: War Department—R ETU R N to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, That there be laid !;

" before the House an Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of th? i

" Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the year 1802;" so far as the fame regards tord Hobart'i< 1

Department of the Secretary of State's Office. !j

SALARIES AND EMOLUMENTS OF OFFICE.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

— None. j; —*— N«ae. j; l!

CONTINGENT EXPENCES. I

£.30. 2. 44. | II _r !(• I None. !j

MESSENGERS BILLS. !;

£• *• d, I 1

7»- 7- »• \ 1 Nose. £ ,j

Downing-street, 7 April 4th 1803.)

VOL. 58

Appendix

A. 1803

1226

appendix, ;No. 85.)

0 Juguji continued.

Alien Department.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount <rf, the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of the Alien Department, for the year 180a.

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

None. -

Salaries * - - - - £. 148 16 4

Contingent Expences ----- 2,366 2 10

Alien Office, ") John Kmgr, Under Secretary of State.

3d May 1803. ) George S/tee, Under Secretary of State.

War Office.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War, for the year 1802.

In the'year 1802 there has b*en no Increase in the Number of the Persons employed; but four Junior Clerks, whose Salary was /. 90 per annum, having completed one years actual attendance, have become entitled to an augmentation of /. 10 each to their Salaries, making an Increase in the Amount of the Salaries, of- ——

In the Amount of the Sums paid for Extra Business, there has been an Increase of -

the Charge for 1802 being for the whole year; whereas, in 1801, it only commenced from Midfmnmer.

In 1802, there has been a Diminution in the Expences of the Office, compared with the preceding year's, to the Amount of

c «. i-

40 — 1,266 19 6

4*4 4 3

War Office, 1

9th April 1803. J . C. Yorhe.

Sir, Office of Ordnance, 18th May 1803.

I am commanded by the Board to transmit to you, for the information of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the inclosei Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, art<$ Expences, of the Office of Ordnance, in the year 1802; which has been prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 2 2d of March 1803, and transmitted to this Office by direction of the Lords of the Treasury, on the 29th of that month.

I am, Sir,

Your mod obedient humble Servant,

John Sargent, Esq. &c. Ac. &c. (Signed) R. H. Crew.

An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of Ordnance, in the year 1802.

Number. Increase of Salaries. 19 AlTidant Clerks at the Tower and Westminster, from /. 70 to/. 80 per annum each, between id January and 31ft December 1802 - -- -- --Clerk of the Works at Purfieet from 5 s. to 7s. per day, from 19th July 1802 -Carpenter on the Establishment at Placentia in Newfoundland, from 3s. to 4$. per day -Additional Allowance for Attendances to the several ProfelVors, Mailers, and others, on the Establishment of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

r Increase. 1 Decrease. £• 1 201 17 6 j6 1*2 — 18 5_ 346 9 4

Gratuities agreeably to Regulations; viz. £. s. d. For length of Service - f * 'n jf * ® 0 i 1801 * - 3>378 19 7

/. 9^4 6 2 Deduct on account of the C Paid in 1801 ----- 984. 6 5 high Price of Provisions \ 1802 ----- 832 19 g 151 7 a 8l2 19 —

Allowances in lieu of House Rent, C/ials, and Candles; viz.

To 3 Clerks at £.26, and 2 Storekeepers at £.20, 165. per annum, each, for House Rent, and to 4 Clerks at £.12, 10 s. per annum, each> for Coals and Candles - ----- I69 1« —

l 7 3 Decrease of Offices: r A , £‘ d. Clerk to the Committee of Royal Engineers, from id May 1803, at/. 70 per annum - 46 12 4 Edabliihinent of Civil Officers at Minorca, from 10th December 1802 - - - 54 13 11 Assistant Clerks at the Tower and Weiiminller in 1802, and vacant Pay of others in said year - -- -- -- -- - 229 ll lo

£. 330 18 1 Additional Offices;

1 10 - - Assistant Mathematical Master at the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, /. s. d. at/. 100 per annum, from 15 th December 1802 - - - - -4131 Four Clerks of Stores, at 8*. and Six Conductors of Stores, at 4s, per day each, on the Establishment in the Island of Ceylon, from different dates in December 1802 - -- - ---80 8 — 85 1 1 245 17 —

11 11 Total Increase - - - - /. 1,319 *7 10

N B.—That there has not been any alteration in.re(^eA to the Allowances made, or Fees received in this Department, as dated at the foot of the Account present»*d to the Honourable House of Commons, pursuant to Order 26th February L802, except in the Allowance in lieu oi House Rent, Coals, and Candles, as above hated.

Office of Ordnance, 7 (Signed) A. Refs. W. W. Pole.

18th May 1803. 3 M. Singleton.

Appendixi

1227

43 Geo. III.

t

Admiralty Office.—Admiralty Office, *6th April 1803.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Admiralty Office, in the year 1802.

1

By reduction of Salaries of the Secretaries and Clerks of this Office to the Peace Establishment -Emoluments -

Stationary, Printed Papers and Books ——

Expences incurred for IVIellengers, Travelling Charges, Stamps, Postage of Letters, and Meftiiges Expences in the Hydrographic Office, for Drawings, Engravings, &c. -

Coals and Candles ——

Tradesmens Bills for the Repairs of the Admiralty Houses, &c.

Increase. Diminution.

£■ '• * £■ s.

- - 2,815

72 16 2

- - 1,122 — 1

- 99 — i»£

27 6 7 2,627 7 9

c 99 — io| 6,664 10 7

Appendix;

(No. 8 5.)

5* Augusti,

continued.

36

NavY Office.—Navy Office, 22d April 1803.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Department, in the year 1802.

YEAR. INCREASE. DIM I NUT I ON.

( Number of Salaries. Amount of Salaries and Allowances. Emoluments. 1 Expences. ( Number of Salaries. Amount of Salaries and Allowances. Emoluments. Expences.

1802 - - £. t. d. 836 11 3 £■ s. d. 575 15 5

Memdn1,

The Excess under this Head arises from the extraordinary Attendance required of the Clerks out of Office Hours, ill the execution of the Public Business.

H. Duncan. W. Bellingham, B. Twcfer.

Victtalung Office.—Vittualling Office, 1 ith April 1803.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what IncrSafe or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in this Department, for the year 1802.

YEAR. Number of Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. Aggregate. Total Decrease.

r Officers. 1 Clerks.

1801 - 37 174 £. d. 30,085 8 10 £■ d. £. d. 12,680 1 1 £■ d. 42,765 9 11 £. d.

1802 - 35 165 29,893 5 — - 11,812 17 9 41,706 2 9 —

Decreased - - 2 9 192 3 10 - *t»7 3 4 m - 1,059 7

John Marsh. G. P. Towry. Fra' Stephens.

R* Moody. John Harri/un* W« Bofcawcn.

Otiice for Sick and Wounded Seamen.—6th April 1803.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution ha* taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolument*, and Expences of this Office, for the ytar 180a.

Salaries—a Reduction of One Commissioner Emoluments -

Increase.

Diminution.

s. d. 1 a

Expences incurred for Com mi (honors Travelling Charges, Kings and Parish Taxes, Coals, Candles, Stationary, Stamps, Paper, Printing Books, Binding Books, Postage of Letters, Carriage of Parcels, Advei tifeuients, Insurances, Mdlages, and various final! Expence*

1,8*7 18

5

2,147 19

7

In* Horn eft. IT. Qibboitt.

1228

Appendix

.1803,

Appendix, [No. 85.)

50 Augujli, continued.

Transport Office.—Transport Office, 31ft March 1803.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution hastakeh placeia the^Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the year 1802.

Transport Service:

Salaries to the Commissioners, Secretary, Clerks, Inspeding and Surveying Officers, Storekeeper,

Mefifengers, &c. ......

Emoluments to the Clerks, arising from the Fees received for Bills made out for the Freight of Transports, for Charter-Parties, and for Stores purchased -

Expences, conlitting of Stationary Ware and Printing, Bent of the Office, Coals, Candles, Carpenters and other Works performed at the Office, Pottage of Letters, Advertisements in the public Papers, Travelling Charges to Members of the Board when employed on Service, and various other Expences of an inferior kind -

I ncrease.

Diminution.

£• *• d. 1,561 13 9

440-----

780 7

Prisoners of War:

Salaries to the Clerks and Messengers -

Emoluments to the Clerks, arising from Fees received for Bills made out for the maintenance of Prisoners of War, and for Freight, &c. of Cartel VetTrls ——

Expences, confiding of Stationary, Stamps, Printing and Binding, Carpenters Works, Pottage of Letters, Carriage of Parcels, Advertisements, and various Incidentals -

347 5 1

50 13 -

M23 i/ 5

4>6°3 16

3

Rupt George. Ambrose Serle. Wm Ay Otway.

Tax Office.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the SaUrigi,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the year 1802.

Number of Salaries and Emoluments:

INCREASE

t

Amount -of Salaries and Emoluments.

s. d»

Nil.

DIMINUTION in the Amount of Salaries and Emoluments: # £. s. d.

The late Sir John parnaby, Bart, formerly a Commissioner for the Affairs of Taxes - 400-

George Trenchard Goodenough, Esq. an Allowance in lieu of Apartments, which ceased on

his appointment to another Office - - - - -150-----

Additional Occasiona! Clerks, at a Daily Allowance, the Number varying according to

the Business of the Office - - - - -* - 81106

631 10 6

TOTAL AMOUNT of Incidental Expences (exclusive of those incurred for Salaries and

Emoluments of Officers):

£■ s. d.

ISOO - -- - 24,260 9 llj

1801 . ...... 27,698 19 9

1802 ----- 19,452 11 4J

William Lowndes. Barne Bame.

Office for Taxes, 7 - Horace Hayes.

24th June 1803. 3 Hen. Hodgson.

Stamp Office.—An ACCOUNT, /hewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salarit*, Emoluments, and Expences, with respect to the said Revenue, for the year 1802.

INCREASE.

To Salaries:

An additional Assistant to the Rolling Press, Arc. Warehouse-keeper, at an annual Salary of

Two Ex pedant Stampers, each at an annual Salary of £.50 ......

Three Expedant Rolling Press Printers - --D° ......

An Addition to the Salary of one of the Messengers attending the Board, of, per annum To Expences

Total Increase -

- 80

- 100

I50

- 10

2,181 6 —

■ £■ 2,521 6 —

DIMINUTION.

s. d.

By Reduction of Poundage to the Distributors of Stamps in England ......

Du to sub-dittributors in Scotland -

By Reduction of Discount on Prompt Payment at the Head Office, which commenced July 5th 1802 -

12,136 5 2 6,274 12 —

2,057 1 6

Total Diminution

20,467 18 8

Comptroller's Office, 7 Atpril 26th 1803. 3

Chf Stcdman, r,

Dept* Comptr and Accorop* W*

43 Geo. III. Appendix.

Post Office.—An ACCOUNT, (liewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Expences, and Emoluments, of the General Pod Office; for the years ending 5th January 1802, and 5th January 1803.

1 8 02. 1 8 ° 3.

Charges of Management, including Salaries") and Allowances to Officers, Deputy Poit-mailers Salaries, Riding Work, Mail Coaches, and all other Expences what- I ever, except Packet Boats - - -J r Expences. Increase. Diminution. r Expences. Increase. 7 ;1 Diminution.

£■ *■ d. 276,798 13 — £• *• d- 3>4°5 10 3±± 1 1 ‘ P- £■ *■ d. 270,449 — 1^ £. s. d. £■ s. d. 6,349 11 u

Hire, &c. of Packet Boats on the Efta- \ hliilunent - - j 4°>539 11 — 4,517 5 10 . 32,949 11 3 - - - 7>589 19 9

Hire of Extra Packets, Armament of new 1 Packets, Losses by Captures, and Da- > mages done by Engagements - -j 36,623 19 7 - - - 12,676 3 3 i 24,618 1 8 - - - 12,005 17 n

£■ 353,963 2 7t\ - - ' 328,016 13—T\ - •25.945 9 7

Examined per Tho' Church,

March 30th 1803. Deputy Accountant General,

Customs.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences, in the Customs; for the year 180a.

Number of Offices. Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences; viz. Charges of Management.

r Increase. 1 Diminution. (; Increase.; 7 \ Diminution. Increase. Diminution. ( Increase. Diminution.

London - - Total - - 1 7 £. d. 307 11 4 £. *. d. 245 ——

Weffern Ports - , _ _ _

Northern Ports - - l - - - IO ——

Out-Ports - - Total - 1 - _ . 10 ——

London - t 7 307 n 4 245 — — , — —

Total London -} 1 8 307 11 4 255 ..

and > Out-Ports J - 1 255 ——

Difference fmee 1801 - i 7 ‘ 1 52 11 4 1 1 .. — — —

Ciiftom-IIoiife, London, 2id April 1S03.

J. Hume, Secretary.

Excise Office.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount^ of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of the Excise Office, for the year 1802.

Number of Officers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

Increase ----- Diminution in Incidental and other Expences - 38 £■ s. d. 4.390 £. s. d. 1.295 £. ». 3,224 18 3$

N. B.—This Account is from 5th July 1801 to 5th July 1802, the latest period to which the fame can be made up with accuracy.

Excise Office, 7

London, ill April 1803. 3 Nathaniel Planner, Accomp* Gen*.

Exchequer Bill Offtce.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in the Exchequer Bill Office, in the year 1802.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury.

We humbly certify your Lordships, That no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries in our Department in the year 1802. The Increase in the Emoluments amounts to the sum of Four Hundred Pounds, which your Lordships were pleased to grant to the Clerks, See. for their extra trouble in the Funding of certain Exchequer Bills.

We further certify your Lordships, That the Expences in our Department are less than the preceding year by the sum of£. Qll. 10. 9. which Diminution arises from there being no Funding of Exchequer Bills, and fewer Advertisements for paying off the fame.

Exchequer Bill Office, 1 J. Plant a,

the 7th April 1803. 3 John Peter.

V 01. 58. 14 L

Appendix. (No. 85.) 50 Augu,

continued.

'__________

1230

Appendix.

A. 1803.

Appendix, (No. 85.) 5* -dwJri,

continued.

Commissioners for Auditing Puueic Accounts.— RKTUKN to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, calling for " An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution 1ms taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, " and Expences, of all the Public Offices, for the year 1802," so far as relates to the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts..

Number of Peril: ns newly appointed. Number of Pinions receiving augmented Salaries. , INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

r . j Amount ot I Salaries. 1 Emoluments. 1 Expences. I Number of Salaries. Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

21 33 j £■ 3,603 14 8 None. £■ d. 513 1 1 j i 1 None. None. None.

On the Establishment of the Board in 17S3, all Fees and Eniohiments whatever were abolished. The Excess in Salaries ariies, partly from the appointment ot Wend Clerks to fill vacancies on the Now Lliablishment, which took place in consequence oi the arrangement of business in the Office. in duly 1801, and partly from an augmentation made of the Salaries of some of the Officers and Clerks already on the Establishment; and the increaie in Expences ariies from the much greater consumption of Stationary, from 'Faxes occasioned by an Extension of the Building for the accommodation of the Office, and from the advanced Prices of lundry Articles necessary for the use thereof.

Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, Soincrlet Place, 6th April 1803.

J. T Bait. Bart iv B outer it. 7. Erskine.

Mustek Master General’s Office.—An ACCOUNT of what Increase and Diminution has taken place in the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office oi Comniiffiiiy General of Mutters, during the year 1802.

There has been no alteration in the Annual Ultimate of the Charge of the Office for the year 1802; hilt an extraordinary Expence of /*. 2.| 4.. 17. 6. has been inclined in prowling 280 m w Lodgers, for the purpose of entering therein the Casualties, Credits, 6lc. from the Monthly Muller Polls.

The Fees of the Cornmiliary General were £. 111. 19. 2. lef> in 1802 than in the preceding year 1 801.

The Fees of the Two Clerks were £. 35. 17. 10. Ids in 1802 than in 1801.

Commissiary General’s Office, G. Anil.

3ill March 1803. j

Lottery O it ice.

Sir, Lottery Office, April *2d 1803.

In obedience to the Order of the House of Commons, communicated to the Commissioners of the Lottery, by your Letter of the 29th of last month, J am directed by them to inform you, That the Expences in thd Office are not computed by years, but by Lotteries, which run from one year into another.

The Account of the 'I liree Lotteries of lull year cannot as wt be made out, as one of those Lotteries is not yet drawn, and the Account will not be finally doled till about the beginning of August next.

The Establiflimerit of the Lottery of the year 1801, in respect to the number of Commissioners, of Officers, Clerks, and others, is precisely the same as that of the Lottery anno 1706, delivered to the Financial Committee outlie House of Commons in 1798, and their appointments are the fame; but the Sum Total of the Expence of that Lottery exceeds that of the preceding Lottery by about Sixty Pounds, owing rhidly to an Increase of the Public 'Faxes of about ’Fen Pounds, and to the Sum of Eorty-thrce Pounds Fifteen Shillings paid to a Clerk, which the Managers judged to be due to him on two preceding Lotteries.

No Emoluments accrue to the Managers bolides their Salaries, except a Charge for Entertainment and Coach-hire, as ufuaf, to those who are upon immediate Duty in liiperintending the Drawing. But the Officers and Clerks on the Establishment divide some Fees, arising chiefly from the desire of Adventurers to know the fate of their Tickets, for the Examination of each of which Sixpence is paid.

I am, Sir,

Your moll humble Servant,

To John Sargent, Ffq. . John Gray.

Stationary Office.__An A C C O U NT, ffiewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the

Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Stationary Office, in the year 1802.

I X C R E A S E.

N V M 11 K a.

Additional Persons:

Third Warehouseman -Storekeeper’s Second Clerk Ditto - - Third Ditto Additional Clerk -

Comptroller - - additional Sanity

Comptroller’s First Clerk - I)° Cnlhier’s Second Ditto - 1)° Storekeeper’s First Ditto - D°

at

Deduct for Diminution

Total Increase - - £.

Amount of Salaries.

1) I MINUTI O N.

Number.

Amount of Salaries.

per Annum.

£- *• til's —

75-----

75-----

75 -

100-----

100 — —

30-----

20-----

550 —

218 8

33i 1* —

Three Journeymen, at £. 1. 8. per week each - - - £.

218 8 —

Emoluments and Expences.

Anril ill 1803.

Geo. Dickens, Compf.

Appendix

1231

43 Geo. III.

Customs: Scotland.—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, out of the Revenue of Cudoms in Scotland, in the year 1802.

Number of Officers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

Increase - -Diminution 5 1 £■ *• d. 1,250 85 Nil. Nil. £■ s. d. 79 *9 6

Balance Increase - - 4 1,165 Nil. 79 19 6

N. B.—The chief Articles, of which the above Increase is composed, are,

A11 additional Salary of £. -200 per annum, granted to each of the five Commissioners, by Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated 9th July 1802.—Amount, £. 1,000.

Salaries of an additional Land Surveyor and additional Land Waiter, appointed at the Port of Leith, on account of the increase of bufmels, by Warrant from the Lords of the Treasury, dated 27th October 1802.—Amount, £. 115.

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 7 Alex. Chgltorn,

9th April 1803. 3 Inspector of Imports and Exports.

Excise Office: North Britain.—An ACC O U N T, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Excise Ollice; for the year 1802.

Number of Olhcers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

C Increase - - - 59 £■ s. d. 836 l8 2 - - - £. s. d. 18,294 5

In the year 1802 - - - 1

Diminution ——

Excise Office, Edin. id April 1803.

- Ja* Stodart. John Grieve. T. IVhart on.

G. B. Morton, Accomptartt. James Brace, Aceomp' GeneraL John Stuart, D.Compt'.

COMPTROLLERS AllMY ACCOUNTS.

Comptroller’s Office, 7th April 1803.

Sir,

In pursuance of the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, signitied by your Letter of the 29th ultimo, that ■conformably to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the -2*2d March 1803, we should make out an Account, as far as relates to our Department, " Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of tine Salaries, " Emoluments, and Expences, in this Ollice, for the year 180-2;" we have the honour to inform their Lordships, That no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in this Office, during the year 1802; except that upon the resignation of Sir John Dick, Bart, of his situation of Comptroller of Army Accounts, an allowance of One Thousand Pounds per annum is diredod, by His Majesty’s W arrant, bearing date the 24th March 1803, to be paid to the said Sir John Dick, Bart, as part of the Contingent Expences of this Ollice, and placed upon the Establishrtient,. from the gth of October 1802 inclusive.

We have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your mod obedient humble Servants,

* John Marlin Leake.

John Sargent, Esq. 7; Ecstine-

Auditors Land Revenue.

Auditor’s Office, Land Revenue, 3id March 1803.

Sir,

In obedience to the Commands of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, pursuant to an Order of the House of Commons, for " An Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount " of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the year 1802:"

We beg leave to certify. That no Increase has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Rates of Fees, in the Offices of the respective Auditors of llis Mujeffy’s Land Revenue, within the period above mentioned of the year 1802.

We are.

Sir,

Your very obedient and mod humble Servants,

Rich* Gray,

Depy Audr for England.

1

Albert Badger,

To John Sargent, Esq. &c. &c. Dep^ Audr for Wales.

Appendix, (No. 85.) 5* * Augujli,

continued.

\-----

1232

Appendix

A. 1803>

Appendix,

(No. 85.)

9 Augujli,

continued.

Barrack Office ST AT E M ENT, shewing the Increase and Diminution that has taken place in ihe Number and Amount of the Salaries in the Barrack Office, in the year 180*2.

INCREASE, per Ann.

DIMINUTION, per Ann.

£■ s- d.

27 10 — 34 10 — 52 10 —

£' in 10 —

Barrack Office, 7 3lit March 1803.

On the Pay of One Clerk, from 25th March

1802 - ......

D° D° 24th Dec. 1801

One Clerk appointed 29th Sept. 1802

One Affidant Barrack Master General, from 29th Sept. 1802 -D° - D° - D°

D° - D® - Dp

One Clerk, from 24th June 1802 D° - 29th Sept. -

£■ *• d.

373 15 —

273 »5 — 273 15 —

60-----

136 17 6

Cl. Dc Lancey,

B. M. Gen1,

1,018 2 6

Signet Office.

Signet Office, 31ft March 1803.

Sir,

In answer to your Letter of the 29th instant, containing a copy of an Order of the House of Commons, " That there be laid before " that House an Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution * has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, 44 Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the year " 1802 " I beg leave to inform you, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office, during the year 1802.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

John Sargent, Esq. II. IV. Williams Wynn, Dep>\

Office for Reduction of National Debt.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office during the year 1802.

Office Reduction National Debt, \ G. T. Goodenough.

1 April 1803. 5

Hackney Coach Office.

Sir,

In obedience to the Directions of my Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signified to us in your Letter of the 29th of March lad, dating, that the House of Commons had ordered to be laid before that House " An Account, diewing what Increase or Dimi- nution had taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the " Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for " the year 1802 and desiring we would cause the same to be forthwith made out, so far as relates to our Department, and transmit it to you, in order to be laid before the said House:

We beg leave to inform you, for their Lordships information, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences relative to our Department, for the year 1802.

We have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your mod obedient humble Servants, Hackney Coach Office, 7 John Soley,

id April 1803. ) W. Douglas.

R. D. Woodfordc.

John Sargent, Esq. Eduard Williams.

1

T

A

Mint Office:—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the year 1802.

For the year 1802.

Tendon to Mr. John Chambers, late Surveyor of the Money Prefles, granted by Warrant, dated 8th March 1802.

Total Increase - £.

INCREASE. D1MINUTIO N.

Salaries. \ Emoluments. Salaries. N Emoluments.

£■ ». d. 60 £■ *■ £. *. £. ,. d.

CO — — —

No Fees or Gratuities of Office are received at the Mint. The Profits and Emoluments derived to the Office of Mader and Work«r, by Contract of the Mint Indenture, being appropriated for paying the fixed Salary of that Officer, pursuant to A<d 39th of His present Majesty.

Edw, Lucas,

Dep* Ward"..

J. Smyth.

Mint Office, ) Timothy Henry Davis,

5th April 1803. ) Dep7 Compr.

Surveyor General of Crown Lands.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, nor any alteration whatever in the natu^* or description of the Emoluments or Expences of the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, or of any person employ^ therein, during the year 1802. -

John Fordyce,

Land Revenue Office, 1 Surveyor Genera).

7th April 1803, J

43 Geo. III. Appendix. 1233

Paymaster General.

Solicitor of the Treasury.

Pay Office) Horse Guards, 5th April 1803.

Sir,

In answer to your Letter of the 29th March to the Right honourable the Pay matter General, I beg to acquaint you, for the information of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasurv, that the only alteration that has taken place in the Ettabhshment of this Office since latt year, is the appointment of Gavin Hamilton, Esq. to be Deputy Pay matter to the Forces at Ceylon.

I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your very humble Servant,

John Sargent, Esq. &c.&c. &c. P. George Craufurd.

Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

An ACCOUNT, thewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the year 1B02.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the year 1S02.

Robert Jennings,

Exchequer, *) First Clerk to the Auditor of the

the 5th day of April 1803. 3 Receipt of llis Majesty’s Exchequer.

Clerk of the Pells:—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and the F,x-pences in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for the year i8d2.

An Increase of the Salaries in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells has taken place to the amount of Six Hundred and Fifteen Pounds, or to the amount of Nine Hundred and Seventy-live Pounds, contingent on the length of services of certain Clerks in the said Office.

A Diminution of the Expences in the Office of the Clerk of the Tells has taken place by the recent abolition of an accustomed ancient Duty, as directed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament. As this Duty ever varied in proportion to the extent of the Receipts and llliies of llis Majesty’s Exchequer, the precise Diminution of Expence cannot be ascertained; but it is presumed, that it luav fairly and jtittly be averaged at the annual amount of One Thou land Pounds.

Exchequer, 7 Ed. Roberts,

5U1 April 1803. 3 Dcp>’ Cler. Tellium.

Surveyor General of Woods.

Them has been no alteration in the Number or Amount of the Salaries in the Department of the Surveyor General of llis Ma-jelrys Woods, Forests, &c. nor any change of lyttem as to the Emoluments and Expences in the said Department, for the year 1S02; but Inch Emoluments and Expences are of a contingent nature, and of course liable to vary every year. The Emoluments of many of the inferior Officers not being brought to account, their amount cannot be ascertained from any documents in my polfolliun; and as the Accounts of my Predeceilbr have not yet been settled with his Executors, 1 conceive the linn of the Expences of latt year cannot now be lrated.

I think it proper to add, that meutures are taking for a new arrangement in this Department, formed in a great degree on various Statutes, and on the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament some years ago to enquire into the ttute of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown; by which arrangement it is intended to substitute, in lieu of the contingent and improvident Emoluments now allowed to many of the Officers under the Surveyor General, or claimed by them, adequate additions in money to their present salaries.

Office of Woods, Forests, See. 7

24th March 1803. J Glcnbcrvic.

VOL. 58.

N° 6, Lincoln’s Inn, 5th Aug. 1803.

Sir,

I have tile honour of yovlr Letter, with a copy of an Order of the House of Commons, that there be laid before the Horse " an " Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken " place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, " and Expences of all the Offices in Great Britain, for the year " 1802 and dettring me to cause the same to be forthwith made out as far as relates to ray Department:—I beg leave to acquaint you, that there has been no Increase or Diminution in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of my Offices, as Solicitor of the Treasury, during the year 1802.

I am,

Sir,

Your mod humble Servant*

John Sargent, Esq. Joseph White*

Receiver of One-Shilling-and-Sixpenny Duties.

Upper Eaton-street, Groi'vener Place, March 3ill, 1803.

Sir,

I have the honour of your Letter of yesterday, with a copy of an Order of the House of Commons, for " an Account, iliewing what " Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all " the Public Offices, for the year 1802 —aud desiring me to cause the lame to be forthwith made out) so far as relates to my Department :—

1 beg leave to acquaint you, That no variation took place in the rate of Poundage allowed to me (from whence alone my Emoluments, as Receiver of the One-Shilling-and-Sixpenny Duties arise), nor in the Expences of the Offices which I have the honour to hold, in th* year 1802.

I am, with great respect.

Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant, John Lane,

Recr of the One-Shilling-and-Sixpenny John Sargent, Esquire, Duties on Salaries and Pensions.

Secretary Treasury, &c. &c. &c.

Remembrancer of First Fruits.

Increase or Diminution, for the year 1802.

Sir,

In obedience to the commands of the Lords Commissioners of IIi3 Majesty’s Treasury, of the 20th March 1803, I beg leave to acquaint you, for their Lordships information, That there has been no Increaft or Diminution in the receipt of the Salaries and Expences whatever* in the Department of Remembrancer of the Office of First Fruits of the Clergy, for the year 1802.

1 am, Sir, with all due respect,

Your very humble Servant,

First Fruits Office, } litchardjbii HarriJ'on,

lit April 1803. 3 Rememri

John Sargent, Esq.

Treasury Chambers.

Receiver of First Fruits.

Sir, t

In obedience to thp commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the 29th March 1803, I beg leave to acquaint you, for their Lordllnps information: —

That there has been no Increase or Diminution in the receipt of the Salaries and Expences whatever in the Department of Receiver of the Office of First Fruits of the Clergy, for the year 1802.

I am, Sir, with all due respect,

Your very humble Servant,

First Fruits Office, 7 J. Bacon,

Ut April 1803. 3 Recr.

John Sargent, Esq.

Treasury Chambers.

14 M

Append! (No. 85

5°

Continued

1234

Appendix.

Receiver of Tenths.

A. 1803.

appendix,

(*'>• *.<•) Sir, '

-• I have the honour to inform you, That no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of Salaries, Emoluments,

' & J 9 or Expences, in the Office of Tenths, for the year 1802.

continued.

Tenths Office, Temple, 7 •2d April 1803. y

I have the honour to be,

Sir’

Your most obedient Servant, li. Richards,.

Privy Seal Office.

Increase or Diminution, for the year 1802.

Sir,

Privy-Seal Office, 31ft March 1803.

In answer to yoirr Letter of the 29th inst. containing a copy of an Order of the House of Commons, " That there be laid before " that House an Account, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and in the Amount of the Salaries " Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, for the year 1802:" I Leg leave to inform you, 'That no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office, in the year 1802.'

• I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

John Larpcnt.

John Sargent, Esq.

IIaukers and Pf.dlars Office:—An ACCOUNT, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in the Office for Licenling Hawkers, Pedlars, 6cc. for the year 1802.

Increase or Diminution:

In the Number and Amount of Salaries In the Emoluments and Expences

Nil.

Nil.

Office for Liecnfing Hawkers, Pedlars, &c. 3lit March 1803.

AVe certify the above.

11. Ri<;by.

li. Co La'.

INDEX.

<index removed.>

